Xenoblade Chronicles: Beach Day Bursting

Author: FluffyWets

*000*2021-06-03 18:46

Hello, everybody! I’ve noticed a lack of Fiora stories on the site, sooo I decided to write something. This story takes place before any of the events during Xenoblade Chronicles. That being said, no major spoilers, but still highly recommend playing the game! This is my first story I’ve written like this, so it might not be the greatest. Thank you for reading!

Xenoblade Chronicles: Beach Day Bursting

Colony 9 has always been a small, peaceful community, but with the events of the Battle of Sword Valley still fresh in everybody’s mind, the atmosphere was tense. Although, the stress of the battle weighed the most on Fiora. With her older brother, Dunban, being in such critical condition, she had little to no time to dedicate to herself, sans the moments she would cook the Homs hero his meals.

With Dunban being laid up in bed, he couldn’t go out much. The only sun and fresh air he would get came through the open window next to his bed. The only people he saw regularly were Fiora, her friends Shulk and Reyn, and his war buddy Dickson. In the past, Mumkhar would join Dickson in his visits, but because of Mumkhar’s betrayal at Sword Valley, he had lost his life. The hero of the Homs sighed, wanting nothing more than to rise from his bed and run around the colony, forgetting all the events that happened at Sword Valley, but he could do no such thing.

“Dunban?” Fiora’s sweet voice called from downstairs. “Are you hungry? I have lunch down here.”

“Is it time to eat already?” Dunban closed his eyes and leaned back in his bed.

“Yep,” Fiora made her way upstairs with a tray containing a bowl of vegetable soup and rice on the side. “I made your favorites today.” She said with a smile.

It had become a routine. Every day, Fiora would make three meals for her brother, help feed him, and wash up the dishes. Dunban felt terrible for making Fiora stay in and do the housework without helping her. Of course he felt lonely, barely being able to talk to people unless they came to him, but every day he thought about how his sister must feel. She could easily go out and walk around the Colony, which she occasionally did to pick up groceries, but that was about it. The only time she saw her friends was when they came to visit, and even then there was still heaviness in the air. Some nights Dunban could hear her light sobs coming from her room. It pained him to see his younger sister in such a state. She was never granted her own time to relax.

As Fiora slowly helped him finish the bowl of soup, he decided to talk to her about what was on his mind. “Fiora, I really appreciate everything that you’re doing. I’m truly in your debt,” He took another bite. “But, I’m worried about you. You look tired more often than not. You’re getting paler by the day. It hurts to see you working so hard with little to nothing to help yourself.”

“Huh? Where is this coming from so suddenly?” Fiora’s eyes widened slightly. It was never like her brother to talk about his feelings so openly.

“It’s just...You’re my sister. I should be the one taking care of you,” Dunban sighed. “Just because I have to stay here doesn’t mean you need to.”

“Oh, don’t be silly,” She lifted another spoonful of soup to his mouth. “I don’t mind taking care of you, really.”

The Homs soldier swallowed his food. “Be honest with me, Fiora. I know you don’t get any time to relax.”

Her eyes slowly lowered to the floor. “Well...It would be nice to be able to take some time for myself to unwind…” She admitted.

Dunban was quiet for a minute before a smile crept onto his face. “I have an idea,” He started. “Why don’t you pack some of the food you made today and go see Shulk? The weather usually gets warmer around this time of year, so you two could go have a picnic by the shore and swim, just like when you were children.”

“Ah...I mean, it would be nice to spend some more time with him,” Fiora’s cheeks were grazed with light pink. “He needs to get out of that lab, anyways.”

Her brother let out a chuckle. “That’s what I was thinking as well,” He gestured with his left hand. “Go on, then. Go pack some food and drinks. Don’t forget your swimsuit too.”

“Right,” Fiora stood and took the food tray from Dunban’s nightstand. “Thank you, brother.” She smiled and turned to go downstairs. Fiora wasted no time packing up some of the soup into two thermoses, some bread, and of course, extra water. She ran upstairs and changed into her black swimming top and bottoms, putting her colony clothes on over them, along with a set of knives Dunban had given her. She grabbed a pair of black sandals and made her way out the door after saying her goodbyes to her brother.

The sun felt rejuvenating on her skin. The warmth of the air wrapped around her like a fresh blanket. Fiora sighed happily and made her way through the Commercial District of Colony 9. She would say hi and wave to the residents and store owners, some would ask what she was doing with a picnic basket. It felt nice to be able to hold a conversation with people other than her brother. Although, while she was talking to a sweet old lady named Marcia, she felt a small pang in her lower abdomen.

“Shoot...I forgot to use the bathroom before I left…” She thought. “It’s no big deal. I can hold it until I get back home, right?”

She ended her conversation and continued her way to the Military District. The whole way, she could feel more signals from her bladder that it was filling. Not rapidly, but just enough to start feeling it. She brushed the feeling off, believing she could keep her bladder in check until her day with Shulk was over.

At the Military District, she waved hello to her friend Reyn who was doing drills in a small courtyard, then walked to the Weapon Development Lab. At the bottom of the stairs, she saw both Shulk and his father figure Dickson, looking over the legendary Monado.

“Hello, Shulk! Dickson!” Fiora said happily, putting her hands behind her back.

Shulk perked his head up and turned around and smiled at the sight of his friend, while Dickson simply waved. He seemed focused. “Hey, Fiora,” Shulk greeted. “What brings you out and about? Taking a walk?”

“Not quite,” The Homs girl revealed the basket of food from behind her back. “Dunban sent me out for some fresh air. He suggested that maybe you and I could head down to the shore near the first anti-air battery and spend the afternoon together.”

“Well, I am pretty tied up here, but...If it’s okay with Dickson then I’d be happy to.” Shulk replied. Both him and Fiora gave him a pleading look.

The old war hero glanced at the two and smiled. “You kids go on ahead. I’ll take care of Colony 6’s weapon shipments. You’ve been spending too much time in the lab anyways, Shulk.” He laughed, turning his attention back to writing in his notebook.

With the two Homs teens saying their thanks, and Shulk strapping a sword made from scrap metal on his back, they headed out the door and began their walk back through the colony. Fiora’s body was still sending her signs of a slowly filling bladder, but she decided to keep ignoring it. There’s no way she was going to waste any time with Shulk.

The water down by the shore was pristine. Clear, cool, and crisp. The small caterpile that roamed the shoreline ignored the two Homs as they approached.

“We haven’t done this in a while, huh?” Shulk said as he looked at the water, slowly removing his turtleneck and vest, setting his sword next to his clothes.

“Nope. That’s another reason why Dunban suggested it,” Fiora replied, undoing the large belt that held her red skirt in place and slipping the attire off. Removing her white colony top, her knives, and her brown socks, she stood in her black two piece and stretched. “The breeze feels so good today.” She sighed happily.

Her friend nodded and removed his large colony bottoms, leaving himself in a pair of blue swim trunks. “I wonder how the water feels,” He thought aloud. “It’s usually pretty cool around this time.”

Fiora watched the ripples in the water. The slow movements, the sound of the water lapping against the shore, all of this only reminded her of the growing pressure in her abdomen, and she winced slightly. The urge to relieve herself was a bit stronger, but she still decided to hold it in.

“Well, we won’t know by standing here, right?” She said with a hint of playfulness in her voice. She dipped her toes into the blue colony sea. The water was just as Shulk said, cool. The feeling and temperature of the water made her bladder react harshly, and her need only grew. Despite this, Fiora couldn’t help but feel refreshed.

“The water feels great.” She said, slowly wading deeper. However, she stopped when the water reached her hips. A particularly strong pang came from her bladder, and she went still. Fiora pressed her legs together and bent her knees slightly. “This is getting bad…” She thought. “I might need to head home before…” Fiora stopped herself there. “No...I’m a big girl, I can hold it. I don’t need the bathroom now. It can wait.” She told herself. After the wave of urgency passed, she moved deeper into the water, to the point where she could swim comfortably.

For a good hour, the two friends swam together, laughing and splashing each other playfully. The whole experience brought back amazing memories for Fiora. She remembered how each year, herself, Shulk, Reyn, and Dunban would spend many days down by the beach. Unfortunately, they all got older, started taking on more responsibilities. They weren’t really able to spend that kind of time together anymore. Nostalgia brought back a warm and fuzzy feeling in Fiora, and for the first time in what felt like one hundred years, she was relaxed. She felt happy.

As relaxed and happy as she could be anyways. The splashing water and laughter only made her urge to go stronger. A few times, Fiora had to stop and keep her legs pressed tightly together. If Shulk wasn’t around, she would’ve just let herself burst in the water, but she couldn’t risk him finding out by swimming through a warm spot in the normally cool sea. Plus, the idea of being splashed with a mix of water and her own urine didn’t sit well.

After a few times, however, Shulk started to notice his friend moving a bit stiffer and laughing less. “Fiora? Are you alright? It almost seems like you’re in pain.” He asked, concerned.

“Ah, y-yeah,” Fiora smiled. “Just some stomach pains. I must be hungry is all. We should eat something.” She suggested while moving back to the shore. Shulk was suspicious, but followed her and the two sat by their picnic basket. Fiora pulled out the bread, soup, and water, handing a thermos of soup to Shulk. She sat next to her friend and started eating a slice of bread.

Shulk started on his soup, taking in mouthfuls at a time. With a satisfied ‘mmm’, he soon finished the whole container. “Your cooking is always delicious, Fiora.” He complimented.

“It’s nothing special,” She said with a giggle. “It’s just some cool potatoes and chewy radishes mixed with- ooh!” She cut herself off and bent forward. Another strong surge of desperation came over her.

“Huh? Fiora, are you sure you’re okay?” Shulk asked once again, putting an arm around her shoulders. “Are you hurt? Talk to me.”

Fiora took in deep breaths and tried to focus on not losing her grip on her bladder. “I-I’m fine. I’m...Not hurt.” She gasped.

“You don’t seem fine. What’s going on?” The young scholar rubbed his friend’s back. “You can tell me.”

The Homs girl finally broke. She shot her hands between her legs and squeezed her legs together as tight as she could, her butt wiggling in the sand. “I-I really need to use the bathroom! I didn’t go before I went to get you, and I didn’t want to interrupt our day together!” She admitted. “I’m so sorry, Shulk.”

Shulk’s eyes widened. He was clearly taken aback by her sudden outburst. “You didn’t need to do that,” He said gently. “Why don’t you just hop in the water really quick and take care of it?” Shulk suggested.

“No! Not in front of you!” Fiora protested. “It’d be too embarrassing!” The wave of desperation faded, and she stood up quickly. “I need to get back to my house and go, I’ll be back.” She said hastily as she started running back towards the small hill that led back into the colony. As she was running, she felt a slight trembling beneath her feet. Suddenly, a massive caterpile emerged from the soil making strange hissing sounds, knocking Fiora to the ground.

She landed on her rear end with a ‘oof’. The large monster inched closer to the Hom, looking at her hungrily. Fiora stood and backed away from the creature, when Shulk ran from behind her, holding his sword. “Don’t worry, Fiora, I’ll handle this pesky thing!” He swiftly moved behind the caterpile and used his Backslash art, inflicting major damage and drawing the enemy’s attention to him.

Using the distraction, Fiora picked up her knives and rushed the monster from behind. She really did not want to fight with her bladder damn near exploding, but like hell she was going to leave Shulk on his own. “Hang on, Shulk! I’ll help you!” She used her Power Smash art to hit the caterpillar creature’s backside. This took the aggro off of Shulk, and moved it to Fiora.

The caterpile made its own move. They curled into a large ball and speedily rolled itself at Fiora. She tried to move out of it’s way, but failed. She braced herself for the impact and was sent airborne. That attack was enough to cause her to take the focus off the immense pressure in her abdomen. That’s when she felt a small, wet warmth near her sensitive area. With a small ‘eep!’, her hands flung down between her legs. “No, no, no, no!” Her mind screamed. “Hang in there! Just a little longer!”

Shulk disposed of the monster with an Air Slash, followed by Stream Edge. He took a breath and smiled at his handy work, but soon remembered the other issue that needed to be dealt with when he looked at Fiora. She stood trembling, her hands still glued to her nether regions and legs pressed together, her knees bending inward. “Fiora!” Shulk approached her and held out a hand. “C’mon, let’s get you back home so you can, uh...Take care of that.” He said a little awkwardly.

“Sh-Shulk…” Fiora gasped. This time, there was no stopping the urge that hit her. She felt the first few spurts make their way into her swimming bottoms, the warmth on her hands making her resistance even weaker. “I’m going to pee!” She shouted, and the dam finally broke.

A torrent of pale urine poured out from Fiora’s hands and shot through her black bottoms with ease. She could feel the warm liquid flood her swimsuit and leave trails down her bare legs. She moved her hands away from her legs, letting her golden waterfall flow. A light hissing could be heard over the piddling sound of her urine hitting the ground. Fiora was peeing herself.

Her legs felt weak, and she collapsed onto her knees. She could feel the warmth of her pee spread from her crotch, all the way to her butt. The relief from all that pent up urine was like nothing else. She couldn’t help but let out a few light moans as she relieved herself.

The exhausted Homs girl kept her stream going for a solid minute, before it finally started to weaken to small leaks. With an exasperated sigh, Fiora looked down at herself. Not even the black of her swimming bottoms could hide the large wet patch that had grown from in between her legs and spread across her rear. Her legs glistened slightly from the sunlight that hit the remaining droplets. The puddle she made seemed like it could rival the small ocean right behind her. That’s when the embarrassment went from fifty to one hundred. Tears pooled in her emerald eyes and she sniffed, hanging her head low.

“Look at me…” She said quietly. “I just wet myself in front of my best friend…” The tears spilled from her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. “You must think I’m disgusting…” She hiccuped.

“What? Not at all, Fiora,” Shulk said as reassuring as he could, kneeling down to her level. “It was just an accident...That’s all. I don’t think any less of you for it. It could’ve happened to anyone.”

She slowly picked her head up, looking Shulk in his blue eyes. “Y-You don’t think I’m gross..?” Fiora asked sadly.

“Not in the slightest.” Her friend smiled.

“You’re not mad that I cut our day short..?” She blinked any remaining tears away.

“I’m not mad at you, Fiora,” Shulk shook his head. “I could never be mad at you.”

Fiora wrapped her arms around Shulk and put her head on his shoulder. “Thank you…” She said quietly. “Do you think we can go swimming again? I want to wash myself off…”

Shulk returned her hug. “Yeah, but the last one in the water is a rotten Flamii egg.”

