Jeremiah in the car

Author: fun_wetter

*000*2025-09-14 05:23

Hi! Here’s a “ The Summer I Turned Pretty” fanfic I made. Hope you like it! Set after he runs away in the third book.

Jeremiah’s leg was bouncing so fast it shook the whole car.

He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been this desperate — not just to pee, but to get away. From Conrad, from the fight, from Belly’s face when he left her standing in the kitchen with tears she didn’t want him to see.

He shifted again in the seat, grinding his teeth. His jeans were digging in, waistband pressing right into the worst possible spot. His bladder screamed. Every mile marker felt like a slap.

He was sweating. The AC was on full blast, but it didn’t matter — his shirt clung to his back, his hair stuck to his forehead, and the only thing he could focus on now was the painful, pulsing pressure in his lower abdomen.

"Shit, shit, shit—"

He hissed through his teeth and jammed his hand between his legs. It was instinct. No shame. Just survival.

The car jolted slightly as he jerked the wheel, veering onto the shoulder. Tires kicked up dust and gravel as he slammed on the brake.

He threw it in park and doubled over in the driver’s seat, both hands jammed into his lap now, body curled tight. His forehead hit the steering wheel.

He couldn’t sit still. He was rocking slightly, like that would help — it didn’t. Nothing did.

He looked around in a panic.

Wide open fields. Endless two-lane highway. Nowhere to hide. No trees. No gas station. No turnoff. Just sky and sun and shame.

A truck passed in the other lane. He ducked his head instinctively, even though he knew it was pointless. He was just a guy in a car. A guy whose bladder was about to give out.

Another car passed. Slower this time.

Jeremiah bit down on the sleeve of his shirt, muffling a frustrated groan. His eyes stung. Everything stung.

He couldn’t believe this was happening.

He jammed his hands deeper into his crotch, breathing through his nose, trying not to panic. His entire body was trembling from the strain.

If he got out now — even if he ran into the field — there was nowhere to go without being seen. He couldn’t risk it. Couldn’t risk pulling over and being that guy, caught in broad daylight, pissing in the middle of nowhere like a criminal.

So he stayed in the car.

Squeezed his legs together.

Pressed harder.

Gritted his teeth.

Tried to think of anything but running water.

Anything but her.

Anything but the fact that the only thing holding him together right now was two fists and a prayer.

Another car passed.

He closed his eyes and whispered, “Don’t you dare,” to his own body.

Because if he lost it now, here — after everything — it would be the final humiliation.

And Jeremiah Fisher wasn’t ready to break.

Not yet.

