Foggy`s Omovember 2022 - Day 1

Author: Foggy Forest

*000*2022-11-11 04:55

Hello and welcome to my Omovember. I hadn't heard of this until after November started, so I'm a little late but catching up. If you see any of these posted on Wattpad or Ao3 under Foggy Forest or Foggy_Forest, it's just me posting on as many platforms as possible. Without further ado, here's the story.

Spark knocked on the bathroom door, his paw pressed tightly into his crotch. "Hey, Fern! Could you go any slower?" He heard the shower start. "Nope! Taking a shower!" Fern called back. Spark gritted his teeth. "You weren't in the shower ten minutes ago." He muttered to himself, trying to tune out the sound of the shower. A minute passed, but to Spark, it felt like hours. He sighed, and his bladder took the momentary slack of the rest of his limbs as a cue to let go. Spark gasped and pressed his paws onto himself harder. He'd only let out a small spurt. He sighed again, making sure not to release his bladder once more.

After a few more minutes of shower sounds and the smallest of leaks, Spark was at his wit's end. He looked at the plant beside the bathroom door. I could just go there He reasoned, his bladder pulsing angrily. He took a few steps closer and removed a paw from his crotch to unzip his jeans. At that moment, Fern left the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her body. The door tapped Spark, and his body let go all at once. In a futile attempt to stop the relentless stream of urine, he tucked his tail between his legs. Spark moaned at the relief, letting his pee-soaked paws rest at his side. "Guess you really couldn't wait, huh?" Fern teased with a laugh. Spark felt himself heat up. "You should've just let me in!" He complained. Fern left for their bedroom, her chuckling audibly the whole way.

Spark sighed and looked down at his mess. Now he had to mop the floors and take care of his problem. As he entered the bathroom to grab the cleaning supplies, he knew he'd never admit to anyone, including himself, how good the desperation and relief felt. And how he was bound to do something similar in the future.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

321 words. Every other day will have it's own topic.

