The waitress who always holds (No time for a break)

Author: Frooger

*000*2025-05-18 19:09

(I started a new thread because the text in the old one was black, and I wasn't able to edit it.)

The first part is a short story from the old minute-holding board.

I liked it so much that I wrote a continuation of it:

Part 1 (the original)

"Okay! Five waters and a pitcher of beer. I'll be right back will all that!"

Jen finished taking her customer's order and walked back to the kitchen as quickly as her aching feet would allow in her 5 inch pumps. She began to fill up five glasses of water with one hand and shoved the other hand deep into her crotch to try and contain the ocean brewing inside of her. Ever since she started working at her husband's diner, he has always had one rule. It doesn't matter if you're working a 4 hour shift or a 24 hour shift, you can only pee when you're off the clock. Needless to say, the other waitresses hated that rule! Eventually all of them got too fed up with this rule and quit. Everyone except his loyal wife Jen that is. She stuck with him working as the only waitress until he can get some more staff so she can finally take a break. He said it would only take about a day. That was over 6 days ago, and Jen has yet sit down, let alone pee in that time.

Jen pulls her high heels off and stands barefoot on the cool tile. She softly massages her bulging, aching bladder and let's out a soft moan. She leans against a wall and closes her eyes as exhaustion takes over her body. Then all of a sudden she becomes acutely aware of her throbbing bladder! She sprints as fast as she can to the toilet right through the dining room, dripping pee as she goes. She slams open the bathroom door and throws open the lid to the toilet. She groans as she sits for the first time in days onto the cold seat, and she let's go of a massive load of pee from her enormous distended bladder that fills the toilet in seconds. As it begins to overflow with her golden liquid, she doesn't care, and she lays her head back in sighs until-

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING JEN?!"

Jen is startled awake. She hears the characteristic sound of pee drops hitting tile floor and quickly shoves her hands back into her crotch to try and stem the flow before a full on torrent is released.

"I cannot believe you think it would be acceptable to pee on shift! And in the kitchen! And why are your shoes off?! And don't give me that, 'My feet hurt, my shoes are too small, I've been on my feet for 6 days' bull shit again! If the health inspector came in today we would get destroyed!"

Jen starts to shake the fog from her head and realizes that her relief was but a dream, and she was thrown back into her nightmare. Having regained control of her bladder, she wearily shoves her swollen feet back into her heels.

"I-I'm sorry honey! I just shut my eyes for a second and I guess I just lost control! It's been almost a week now and I'm just so tired....can't we just close for an hour or two so I can get off these feet and sleep a little...maybe even take a little pee break?"

"I understand, but that's no excuse. You know I can't let you take a break. The exhaustion makes you sharper, and you'll work faster when you need to pee! You don't NEED breaks Jen! It's all in your head!"

Disappointed, Jen doubles over holding her bladder as another massive wave of desperation begins to run through her body again. Her husband comes over.

"Here baby, shut your eyes."

He gently lifts up on her bowling ball sized bladder and takes the pressure off of her peehole. He softly massages it in his hands, and the relief from that nearly makes Jen lose her load right there. She once again drifts off, until all of a sudden, her husband drops her bladder right back down. Jen nearly collapses from the pain and pressure returning so suddenly.

"That's enough of a break Jen! We just got a party of 30! Get back out and wait on these tables!"

She slowly recovers, "Y-yes, I will get right back out there! That was plenty of time to rest for me! I can easily go another few days now! B-but when do you think you'll be able to hire another waitress, you j-just in case?"

"I don't know Jen, I'll get around to it eventually! I'm a busy man! I'll see about getting some applications in here in the next few weeks. But you said it yourself, you should be good to go now right?"

"Y-yes dear. Like you said, I don't need to take breaks..." Jen says as she rubs her bladder and hobbles back out to greet the new party.

My parts:

After a couple of hours, Jen's husband called her into the kitchen.

“Your bladder looks so swollen—you look like you're pregnant. We need to do something about that.”

Finally, I'm going to pee, Jen thought.

“And you can't be wearing that pee-stained skirt anymore,” he added. “So I went home and brought you some clean clothes. If you could hurry up and change into them?”

He handed her a bag.

“W-what? You went home? Why couldn’t I go instead—so I could finally pee?” Jen asked.

“Don’t be silly. You were needed here to serve the customers. Now, hurry and change,” her husband replied.

“Yes, dear. I’ll be quick,” Jen said, opening the bag. Her eyes widened when she saw what was inside. She pulled out a pair of light blue jeans.

“You brought jeans? And my tightest ones, too?” she said in disbelief.

“Yes. I figured since they’re high-waisted, they’ll help compress and hide your swollen bladder. Now hurry and put them on. I even brought you some wet wipes so you can clean up a little,” he explained.

“Thank you,” Jen said quietly, her head hanging. Her dream of finally emptying her bladder was crushed. She took off her skirt and heels, then started wiping down her legs and crotch with the wet wipes. She even tried to massage her aching feet a little.

“Did you bring any underwear?” she asked.

“Sorry, I didn’t think of that. But do you really need any under jeans?” her husband said.

“No, you’re right. I don’t need them with jeans,” she replied.

She began pulling up the jeans, wiggling them over her thighs and hips. But there was no way she could close them—her bladder had grown too much, and the jeans were already too small to begin with.

“Honey, I can’t close them,” she said.

“Nonsense. I’ll help you. Lay down on the floor,” he instructed.

Jen lay down, and he stood over her, telling her to suck in her stomach and bladder and press the sides of the fly together. She sucked in as much as she could, then pressed hard on her abdomen and yanked the zipper up.

When his hand hit her bladder, Jen saw stars from the pain. She was certain she would wet herself right there on the kitchen floor, but somehow she managed to stay dry.

He helped her up from the floor.

“Now put on the clean shirt,” he said, pulling a white shirt from the bag and handing it to her.

Jen quickly cleaned under her arms with the wet wipes and put on the new shirt.

“Tie a knot in the front to crop it a bit. It’ll show off your nice, jeans-clad butt,” he said.

Jen did as she was told.

“I also brought you a new pair of shoes,” he added.

Jen’s face dropped when she saw them—her most painful shoes: a pair of black 6-inch pumps that were two sizes too small.

“It’s okay… I can just wear the old ones,” Jen said nervously.

“Don’t be silly. It’ll be good for your feet to switch shoes after wearing them for so long,” he replied.

“Then you’ll have to help me put them on. My jeans are too tight for me to bend down,” Jen said.

He lifted her leg and forced her foot into the torturous shoe. Jen let out a small scream as her foot slid into the too-small, too-high heel. Pain radiated from her toes all the way to her bladder, sending sharp cramps through her abdomen.

“My god, how sexy you look now,” he said.

Jen looked at herself in the mirror and, despite not having had rest or relief in over six days, she had to admit she did look stunning in the too-tight jeans and 6-inch heels. For a brief moment, she even forgot how exhausted and desperate she was.

“Jen, you need to hurry. There are thirsty customers waiting,” he reminded her.

“O-of course,” Jen replied, nearly limping from the heels. Every step sent stinging pain from her aching toes up into her overfilled bladder.

“Have you thought more about hiring extra staff?” she asked.

“No, I haven’t had time. We’ve been open 24/7, but I think things will slow down after Oktoberfest is over,” he said.

“B-but that’s almost two weeks away. I can’t stay awake or hold my pee for that long,” Jen said, tears welling in her eyes.

“Of course you can. You’re a strong, strong woman who doesn’t need ordinary things like rest or bathroom breaks,” he told her, pulling her into a tight hug—adding more pressure to her already tortured bladder. “And remember, you’re wearing very light-colored jeans now. Even the tiniest leak will show.”

“You’re right… You know me so well. What’s two more weeks? I can easily make it a month,” Jen said, smiling.

“That’s the spirit! Now go out and serve the customers,” he said, watching her tight butt wiggle as she hobbled toward the door in her heels as fast as she could manage.

*001*2025-05-18 19:27

Ten more days had passed, and Jen was now like a zombie as she moved around serving customers. She still hadn't had any breaks, which meant she had now been awake for 16 days—with 16 days’ worth of urine in her bladder. Jen could no longer speak; the pain in her bladder was too immense. All of her thoughts and strength were focused on staying dry and not peeing. Her bladder was now so huge she looked like she was pregnant with triplets!

Several days earlier, her husband had put a tight belt around her jeans to prevent the button from popping. Her feet were now like raw meat, having been crammed into too-small, too-pointed, and too-high heels for so long—but Jen was actually glad they had gone numb. She hadn’t felt them in days.

Some customers thought she was pregnant and said, “You shouldn't be working in your condition. You look like you could pop at any moment!”

Some of the regulars laughed and replied, “You couldn’t be closer to the truth! But it’s not babies trying to come out of her—it’s piss. But she loves every minute of holding it, don’t you, luv?” one said, smacking Jen’s tight-jeaned ass.

Jen couldn’t answer, but the smack made her poor bladder cramp. She had to stand still and try to regain control.

She had stopped hoping for a bathroom break or to take off her shoes days ago. She had accepted, in her mind, that this was forever.

One of the most painful things was everything she had to drink. Many customers bought her beer and other beverages, and her husband had told her it was very rude to refuse. So, she drank them all.

As the days passed, more and more people heard about the super-hot barmaid who never peed and worked 24/7 nonstop. Many customers came just to see Jen—and to buy her more drinks.

Business at the bar was booming. They set new sales records every day, and Jen’s husband attributed their success to his sexy but utterly exhausted, bursting wife. He gave her lots of compliments daily. During the first two weeks, Jen had asked often if she could have a small break, but he always told her no. Now, she had stopped asking altogether (in fact, she had stopped talking due to the pain), and he was very pleased about that.

More days passed, and many more liters of beer for Jen. Her husband realized the bar was doing so well that they needed more waitresses. He started conducting interviews.

During one interview, a customer came banging on the office door, yelling that Jen had collapsed on the floor! Her husband rushed out and found her unconscious. It had been 23 days since she last slept—her body had shut down.

He carried her into his office, laid her on the couch, and let her sleep.

Jen slept for 18 hours straight. When she finally woke up, she felt the worst pain she had ever experienced. It took her a few seconds to realize it was coming from her bladder. She jumped up, ready to run to the bathroom—only to discover she was still wearing her jeans and high heels. To her horror, both had been padlocked onto her.

She hobbled out of the office, the numbness in her feet now gone. Every step brought searing pain.

When her husband saw her, he rushed over smiling.

“So great to see you up again! You had us worried for a while,” he said, hugging her.

“What is this?” Jen asked, pointing at the padlocks.

“Come with me, I’ll explain,” he said, and led her to the staff locker room.

“I locked your shoes on so you wouldn’t kick them off in your sleep. Your feet are probably so swollen, you wouldn’t be able to get them back on. And the padlock on your jeans is to stop you from using the bathroom before I could talk to you.”

“What?” Jen replied in shock.

“Jen, you’re the star of the bar! People are coming from everywhere to see ‘The Barmaid Who Doesn’t Pee!’”

“But I have to pee now! It’s been 25 days! I can’t hold it anymore!” Jen cried.

“No, no, it’s all in your head. You don’t ever have to pee again. Your bladder is making us rich,” her husband said, grabbing her crotch.

“Ohhh…” was all Jen could say.

“You like that, huh? You must be so horny now,” he said, unlocking her jeans.

He started unbuttoning the waistband, but her swollen bladder made it difficult. He had to press and dig into it to open the button.

“No, no—oh no,” Jen whimpered.

When the button popped open, he unzipped her jeans. Her stomach and bladder bulged out immediately.

He then unzipped his own jeans and took out his very erect cock, he kissed Jen and pressed her up against the locker room wall and fucked her.

The pain in Jen’s bladder was almost unbearable—worse than anything she’d felt before—but at the same time, it was the most intense pleasure she’d known. They climaxed together, and Jen collapsed to the floor, moaning.

“Damn, that was good—the best fuck we’ve ever had!” he said. “Felt like you loved it too?”

“Oh yes—best sex ever! I’ll never pee again as long as you keep doing that,” Jen nearly screamed.

“That’s a deal,” he smiled. “Now let’s get you ready for work—the customers are waiting.”

“You need a shower—you reek of beer and sweat.”

He removed her shoes and jeans. Even barefoot, Jen’s feet remained arched as if still in heels. Her toes were crammed together, bunions forming, and several blisters covered her feet.

“Let’s be quick so they don’t swell too much,” he said, helping her into the shower and showering with her.

Jen stood on her tiptoes, unable to flatten her feet. The warm water felt incredible—but the second it hit her belly, her bladder cramped again. She nearly collapsed, but he held her up. She clenched her teeth and stayed dry.

After the shower, he dried her off and handed her a new pair of tight mid-blue ripped jeans. They were the same too-small size. There was no way she could get them on by herself. So she lay down on the floor while her husband sat on top of her, pressing down on her stomach. Jen held the sides of the fly together as he yanked the zipper up with a pair of pliers. She didn’t know how she managed to stay dry through it all, but somehow she did. Then he fastened a belt around her waist, tightened it firmly, and helped her to her feet.

“Next time, we’ll need help to get them on,” he laughed.

He handed her a shoebox: white pointed pumps with 6-inch heels—again, two sizes too small.

“I can’t put them on myself,” Jen said.

He helped her into them. Her toes were crushed, the blisters screamed, but she endured.

“I feel like a little girl, needing help getting dressed,” she said, laughing weakly.

Her bladder stuck out visibly over the jeans’ waistband.

“Almost forgot,” he said, bringing a large corset. He strapped it on and tightened it. Her breasts swelled, her waist shrank, and the pain form the pressure on her bladder made Jen faint.

He closed and locked the corset before waking Jen up.

“How do you feel?” he asked.

“Oh my god… it’s so painful. My body is stiff, and my bladder is in agony… but otherwise? I feel great,” she laughed.

They walked back into the bar. Jen stumbled slightly in the painful heels.

“Okay, back to work,” her husband said. “You’ll get a break in a week. Then, you’ll get a few hours of sleep, get fucked, shower, and have fresh clothes. How’s that sound?”

“No peeing?” she asked.

“Absolutely not. You don’t need to pee ever again.”

“That’s right,” she said. “My poor bladder tries to tell me otherwise… but I’m so looking forward to that fuck.”

“Me too. In the meantime,” he added, grabbing the butt of one of the other waitresses.

She smiled.

All the waitresses now wore tight jeans and heels—the new uniform. It was what Jen’s husband loved.

Jen didn’t mind that her husband had others to sleep with when she couldn’t—she worked 24/7, six days a week.

Jen stepped onto the bar floor. The music stopped, and the crowd erupted in cheers.

“The Barmaid Who Never Pees” was back.

So many people wanted to buy her a beer, she lost count. But she felt it—all of it—settling into her massive bladder.

Jen whispered to it: “You will never be empty again. I will win.”

*002*2025-05-18 19:38

(Brand new part)

Jen stood at the bar, barely able to breathe. The tight corset pressed into her ribs and her bladder so mercilessly that each breath was shallow and tight. Her new jeans creaked at the seams with every motion, and the six-inch white pumps clicked like delicate weapons against the floor. Her hair was freshly brushed, her lips painted bright, and her skin scrubbed raw. She looked immaculate. She felt like a time bomb.

The bar was already packed. Word had spread beyond the town—people from across the country were arriving just to catch a glimpse of "The Girl Who Never Peed." Some came in disbelief, others with obsession. Some came to worship, others to test her limits.

Behind the counter, Jen poured drinks with trembling hands. Her bladder throbbed with such force it felt like a second heartbeat. The pressure never left her—it had become her identity.

One of the new waitresses—tall, blonde, with heavy eye makeup and a faintly dazed look—stumbled past Jen on dangerously tall stilettos. She was still new to this, her bladder only three days full. Jen glanced down and saw the girl discreetly pressing her thighs together. Amateur.

Her husband walked by and gave the girl’s ass a firm smack.

“Better hold it tighter, Kayla,” he said, “Can’t have another leak on shift. Last one cost us cleaning fees.”

Kayla whimpered but nodded. Jen didn’t know if the girl would last the week.

As for herself. It had been twenty-five days since her last pee. Her bladder had swollen so grotesquely it now pressed visibly past the corset’s bottom edge. Customers took selfies next to it, awed and delighted by the living freakshow.

A man leaned across the bar and whispered, “Can I touch it?”

Jen blinked. Her husband was beside her before she could answer.

“$500,” he said casually, and the man eagerly handed over the bills.

Jen was forced to lean back as the stranger reached over and gently touched her swollen bladder. She clenched every internal muscle with inhuman strength, a single drop from exploding everything. His fingers brushed against her, and she gasped sharply.

“Still dry,” her husband grinned. “She’s a miracle.”

The stranger gave her a wink. “You should be in a museum.”

“I am,” Jen whispered hoarsely.

Later that night

Jen was helped into the back office. Her legs were shaking. Her husband caught her just before she collapsed.

“Still want that break in a week?” he teased.

Jen didn’t answer. Her voice had mostly left her. He picked her up and sat her down gingerly on the padded chair behind his desk. Her bladder visibly bulged between the corset and the waistband.

Jen didn’t answer. Her voice had mostly left her. She just nodded.

But then he whispered, “No bathroom, my love.”

Jen moaned softly. “I know.”

"Sales are up 28% today, just because of you" he smiled

Jen turned her head toward him.

“Will you… ever let me pee again?” she whispered, barely audible.

He kissed her forehead. "No" he laughed.

Outside, the line for the bar was already forming- Some brought signs. Others brought drinks. But most just came to see the girl who never peed, the one with jeans so tight her pain became art, her bladder a national treasure, and her silence the loudest proof of devotion.

And Jen? She was feeling the ache, the pulse, the fullness. She knew she wouldn’t pee tomorrow. Or the day after.

Maybe not ever. And somehow, deep inside, that made her smile.

*003*2025-07-13 20:47

New part:

( @Rexone_312

- I hope it is okay if I have the Bladder Fairy make a cameo. )

Jens bladder, grotesquely swollen and visibly pulsing beneath the seam of her painted-on jeans, had become a permanent fixture of her identity. The light-blue denim was now pale white around her midsection, stretched tight and glossy over the balloon of piss swelling inside her. Every breath was a negotiation with her lower body: don’t inhale too deeply, don’t move too quickly, don’t shift your hips. Everything might break loose.

Her gait was now robotic, driven by sheer muscle memory. She couldn’t think clearly anymore; all her cognitive power was spent trying not to pee. Speech had become impossible. Her jaw hung slack, her eyes wide and empty as she moved from table to table like a sleep-deprived automaton in painful heels.

“Table four wants refills,” her husband said casually as he leaned against the counter. “I’ll get them for you this time,” he added, then paused, “No actually, it’s better if you do it. You walk slower now, which makes the customers hungrier. That’s good for business.”

Jen blinked slowly. She couldn’t even nod anymore, so she just turned with a jerky motion and stumbled toward the soda fountain. Her body was beyond pain—every nerve was frayed, buzzing with raw, static electricity from her bladder’s relentless throbbing. The jeans felt like a second skin now, but the belt he’d added days ago bit deep into her distended lower abdomen. It had left bruises, angry red marks, and still he’d tightened it again that morning.

As she filled four glasses, a customer approached the counter.

“Excuse me,” the woman said, frowning at Jen’s trembling body. “Is she okay?”

Jen’s husband smiled. “Oh, she’s fine. Just very disciplined. Never takes breaks. Never slacks off. That’s what true dedication looks like.”

The woman’s eyes lingered on Jen’s bloated belly and red-rimmed eyes. “She doesn’t look okay.”

“She is okay,” he replied, more sternly. “Aren’t you, baby?”

Jen, still gripping the edge of the counter to stay upright, forced her eyes open and nodded, barely.

Satisfied, her husband smiled again and turned to the customer. “She’s the best waitress this town’s ever had.”

That night, the diner hit a new record for sales. Jen had served nearly 600 people in 24 hours, each time waddling over in her blistered heels and vacuum-tight jeans, her belly sloshing with over two weeks’ worth of urine. Her husband stood by the register, proudly counting bills.

“I think we’re going to break our monthly record by tomorrow,” he mused aloud. “And it’s all thanks to you.”

Jen stood in place, unable to sit, unable to walk, barely able to breathe. Her entire being was locked in an eternal holding pattern, a grotesque statue of servitude and desperation.

That night, her husband came behind the counter and gently took her hand. “You’re done for the night, baby.”

Jen blinked confused. Done? Did that mean…

“You’ve earned a reward,” he whispered. “I’m going to take you to the restroom.”

Her heart jumped. Was this it? After sixteen days, would she finally pee?

But instead of guiding her to the staff toilet, he led her to the front door.

“What what are we doing?” Jen asked, barely able to form the words.

“We’re going out. A romantic walk. Just you, me, and your big, beautiful bladder.”

He reached down and gently cupped her belly again. The pressure made Jen squeak.

“I’ve booked us a booth at the late-night jazz club across the street,” he said, grinning. “Everyone’s heard about your record. They want to see the legend herself. Your picture’s going to be in the local paper. ‘The Woman Who Never Peed.’”

Jen whimpered. “B-but… my jeans… my feet… I-I can’t sit…”

He brushed a strand of her sweaty hair behind her ear. “That’s okay. You’ll stand.”

Tears streamed silently down Jen’s cheeks. She nodded. She didn’t trust her voice anymore.

As he opened the door for her, the cool night air hit her skin, and more dangerously, her bladder. Her knees buckled. But she didn’t fall. Somehow, she held.

The next night, her weekly allowed rest, Jennifer lay in bed, unable to sleep. Her whole body was trembling, drenched in cold sweat. Her bladder was worse than it had ever been. She used every ounce of her physical and mental strength to stay dry, but she knew she couldn't hold on much longer. Desperate, she began to plead.

"Please... let me keep holding. Please," she whispered through gritted teeth.

Then, suddenly and without warning, a fairy appeared out of thin air.

"Hi! I’m the Bladder Fairy," the tiny figure announced. "I heard your begging. Is it true that you want to keep holding?"

"Yes... more than ever," Jennifer gasped, tears of pain welling in her eyes.

"That's what I wanted to hear," the Bladder Fairy replied. "I gave your husband the ability to make women hold longer than they normally could. But I believe this is as far as he can take you. If you’d like, though... I can give you the power to hold forever."

"Really? That’s my dream," Jennifer said, her voice cracking under the weight of her suffering.

"Very well, I will," said the Bladder Fairy. "But first, I must warn you. If you accept, there’s no turning back. I will give you the ability to keep holding forever—but the pain and pressure will never stop growing. You’ll need to keep going just like you are now: awake and on your feet 24 hours a day, six days a week, with only a few hours of rest on your one day off. You’ll wear tight jeans, a corset, and crippling high heels at all times. And if you leak even a single drop... you’ll lose the ability to hold at all. I've seen many women go insane, or worse from the pain."

"I want to keep holding. Please... make me," Jennifer begged.

"Then your will is my command," said the Bladder Fairy. "But I will give you one chance to walk away. I will return in one year and ask if you wish to continue. If you say yes then, there will be no return."

The Bladder Fairy waved her wand and blew a cloud of sparkling dust over Jennifer. Then, just as suddenly as she had appeared, she vanished.

Jennifer remained frozen in the dark, her breath shallow, the pain in her swollen bladder somehow sharper, but at the same time, something had changed. She felt stronger. Not relieved,never that, but steadier, as if her suffering had been crystallized into something permanent and strangely beautiful.

When morning came, Jennifer dressed slowly. forcing her aching legs into her skin-tight jeans, lacing her corset until her ribs creaked, and stepping with practiced agony into her towering heels. Her rest day was over.

Her husband, Marcus, was already in the kitchen, sipping coffee, watching her approach with concern and awe.

“You didn’t sleep, did you?” he asked softly.

Jennifer shook her head. “No. I couldn’t. But... something happened.”

He raised an eyebrow.

“She came,” Jennifer whispered. “The Bladder Fairy. She heard me begging.”

Marcus stared, his expression unreadable.

“She said... she gave you the ability to make women hold longer. But you’ve taken me as far as you can. She offered me something more. A chance to hold... forever.”

Marcus set his mug down, slowly. “Forever? Jen, that’s—”

“I accepted,” she interrupted. Her voice was calm now, glowing with a terrible pride. “I want this. She warned me about the pain, the pressure, the risk of losing everything if I leak even once. But I said yes. And she gave me one more thing, she’ll return in one year. I can still walk away. But if I say yes then I’m hers. Forever.”

Marcus stepped forward, gently resting his hand on her waist. He could feel the tension in her abdomen, the hardness of her bladder pressing out against the corset.

“You’re incredible,” he whispered. “I didn’t think it was possible for anyone to endure this much... let alone want more.”

Jennifer smiled through the pain, her eyes glassy with exhaustion. “I want to be perfect. For you. For her. For this.”

“You already are,” he said, kissing her forehead.

And then she turned toward the mirror, adjusting her waistband one last time, watching how the denim dug into her hips. The pressure was unbearable, but that no longer mattered.

Now, she had a year to prove she could be eternal.

*005*2025-08-07 17:20

{{On 8/5/2025 at 9:53 AM, gldnsnowflakes said:

This is one of my fav stories on here ♥️ really awesome, looking forward to the next part!

}}

Thank you very much, I am working on next part hope to have it out soon

*007*2025-08-07 18:33

{{5 minutes ago, gldnsnowflakes said:

Nice, I'm very excited! Will she ever get to pee? I'm just imagining the firehose she will unleash..

}}

Not sure yet, I do prefer holding and not peeing🙂

*008*2025-08-08 12:26

New part:

"Alright, I'll get on it," Jen murmured, scribbling down the order on her notepad. She wove through the diner, her high heels clicking against the tile floor. Her legs felt like they were on fire, her feet like raw meat.

She grabbed the tray and balanced it precariously on her palm, her knuckles white with the effort. She had to move fast; she could feel her bladder screaming for relief.

"Here you go," she said, placing the drinks before the customers with a practiced grace that belied her desperation.

As she turned away, her legs gave out. The tray crashed to the floor, spraying soda and ice everywhere. The customers gasped, and Marcus stormed over, his face red with fury.

"What the hell was that?" he roared. "You're gonna cost us a fortune in cleaning fees!"

Jen looked down at the spreading pool of liquid, and for a moment, she wished it was her own. "I-I'm sorry," she stuttered. "My legs they just... I need to sit for a second."

Marcus' expression softened, ever so slightly. "Okay, fine. But just for a minute," he relented. "And then you're back out there."

Jen nodded gratefully, collapsing into a chair in the corner. She leaned back, her hands clutching her stomach. The pressure was unbearable, but she'd endure it.

Her thoughts drifted to the Bladder Fairy's visit. The pain was a constant reminder of the deal she'd made. The promise of eternal endurance was tempting, but the price was steep.

The bell over the door jingled, and a new wave of customers flooded in. Jen took a deep breath and pushed herself to her feet, ignoring the protest of her body. The show must go on.

Marcus looked over from the grill, his eyes narrowed. "You okay?"

Jen nodded, her smile strained. "Yeah, just a little dizzy. I'll be right out."

In the bathroom, she leaned over the sink, her eyes closed tight. The taps gushed water, the sound taunting her. But she wasn't about to break now.

When she emerged, the diner was bustling. Orders flew back and forth, and Jen's legs ached with every step. But she moved with a new purpose. The Bladder Fairy had chosen her for this, and she wouldn't disappoint.

The weeks and months went, and Jen's endurance grew legendary. The diner's reputation grew with it. People came from all over to see the woman who could hold her pee longer than anyone else. They whispered about her in hushed tones, placing bets on when she would finally crack. But Jen remained steadfast.

The year dragged on, each day a battle against the ever-growing pressure in her lower belly. The jeans she once thought of as tight had stretched and molded to her body, a constant reminder of her commitment.

And then, one night, the Bladder Fairy returned. Jen was in the kitchen, her bladder so swollen she could barely stand. Marcus looked up, his eyes wide, as the fairy hovered over the counter.

"It's time," the fairy said simply. "Do you still wish to hold forever?"

Jen's hand hovered over her bladder, the pain so intense it was almost euphoric. She looked at her husband, her eyes shining with determination.

"Yes," she whispered.

The fairy nodded. "Then so be it. But remember, you only get no more chances to walk away."

And with that, the fairy disappeared in a puff of glittering dust. Jen felt the change immediately. Her bladder grew even larger, the pain more intense. But she felt something else, too: a strange, twisted joy.

*011*2025-08-20 19:08

{{On 8/19/2025 at 11:29 AM, Rexone_312 said:

Holy COW! Even I am stunned with the possibility of how you used Bladder Fairy in your story! This is so hottttttttt!

}}

Thank you so much for your comment, means so much🤩

*012*2025-08-21 20:27

New part:

Jen just smiled. " I will hold forever."

Marcus nodded, his eyes full of pride and something else—fear, perhaps. He knew what this meant. But he also knew that this was what she wanted – what they wanted.

Jen's bladder grew and so did the bladder pain. She took a strange pleasure in watching customers eyes widen when they saw her waddle in, her belly swollen, her movements jerky and forced.

One night, a new customer came in.

"What can I get you?" she asked, her voice hoarse from the effort of speaking.

He studied her for a moment before ordering. "I'll have a beer, and make sure it's extra cold."

As she turned to get his drink, she felt his gaze on her back. It was a strange sensation, one she hadn't felt in a year. Which made her bladder spasm. But she of course didn't leak.

Marcus noticed this and ast the businessman he was he thought out home to make more money on Jen

"You know, Jen," he said one night, "I think we should start a new promotion. The 'Bladder Burst Challenge.'"

Jen's heart sank. She knew what this meant—more pressure, more pain, more customers watching her, eager for a glimpse of her failure.

But she didn't argue. She just nodded and tightened her corset, bracing herself for what was to come.

“The Bladder Burst Challenge, is that customers will comepete with you to break your bladder, they will pay twice as much to have to drink with them to see whs bladder will break first, and of coure you will win every time” Marcus said with dollar signs in his eyes.

The first night of the promotion was a smash hit. The diner was packed with eager challengers, all eager to see if they could outlast Jen. She served drinks and took sips, her bladder growing more and more uncomfortable with each passing minute.

But she didn't break. Not even when one particularly obnoxious man tried to get under her skin, ordering drink after drink and laughing as she waddled by.

"You're going to burst, aren't you?" he leered. "It's gotta be painful."

Jen just smiled through gritted teeth and took his order. She had to keep going, for the diner, for Marcus, for the fairy.

Jen's body had changed. Her bladder had stretched to unthinkable sizes, and her legs had become muscular from supporting her weight in the high heels.

But she was still standing, still serving, still holding.

And then, the night of the anniversary, the Bladder Fairy returned. The diner went silent as she hovered before Jen, her expression unreadable.

"You've proven yourself. I will giv you a chance to walk away now, if you wish."

Jen looked at her husband, at the customers, at the life she had built. And she knew she couldn't leave.

"I want to keep holding," she whispered. "I'm not done yet."

The fairy's eyes gleamed with something that might have been admiration. "Very well," she said. "Your wish is granted. But know this: your bladder will never shrink. The pain will never diminish. Your life will be one of constant pressure and endurance. Are you sure this is what you want?"

Jen nodded, her eyes never leaving the fairy's. "I'm sure."

And with a snap of her fingers, the fairy vanished, leaving Jen to her fate.

The diner erupted into applause, and Marcus rushed over to embrace her.

Jen felt the warmth of his arms around her, the weight of his hand on her back. But all she could focus on was the pressure in her lower belly, the never-ending need to pee.

It was a heavy burden, but it was also a strange kind of power. And as she hobbled back to the kitchen, she knew that she would continue to bear it with pride.

Jen had become something of a celebrity in the world of bladder endurance. She had fans who came from miles around to see her in action, to watch her dance the delicate dance of serving drinks while her bladder begged for mercy.

They took photos with her, asked for her autograph. Some even whispered sweet nothings about how sexy she looked in her tight, stretched denim.

It was all so much, and yet it was everything she'd ever wanted. To be the best, to be desired, to be something other than just a woman with a full bladder.

And as she served drink after drink, her smile never wavered, her legs never buckled. She was a queen on her throne of bladder pain.

Her jeans had become a second skin by now, a symbol of her endurance. The once-light blue fabric had darkened from the constant pressure and sweat, and the seams had stretched to their breaking point. The zipper was a battle scar, a testament to the days she'd fought to keep it shut.

Her jeans now felt like a vice, squeezing her swollen bladder until she could feel her insides screaming. Each step was a battle, each breath a negotiation with the pressure that threatened to spill over.

Yet she held firm. The corset dug into her ribs, the heels into her swollen feet, but she didn't care. This was her challenge, her destiny.

Her bladder had swollen to the size of a watermelon, and still, she held. The pain was constant, a symphony playing in her lower abdomen.

But the tightness of her jeans was something else entirely. A second skin that never allowed her to forget the prison she and her husband had dressed herself in.

And as she moved through the diner, her hips rolling in a way that made every customer's head turn, she felt the fabric strain and groan with every step.

Her husband watched her with a mix of awe and greed, his hand on his cock, his eyes never leaving her swollen stomach. He knew that she was his golden ticket, his ticket to fame and fortune.

But Jen didn't care about that. She cared about the pain, the sweet, sweet agony that filled her up and made her feel alive. And she knew, deep down, that she'd never give it up. Not for anything.

The nights grew longer, the shifts more grueling. Her bladder felt like a boulder in her pelvis, a heavy, painful weight .She could feel it pulsing with every beat of her heart, a constant reminder of the deal she'd made.

And yet, she kept going. Through the pain, through the exhaustion, through the doubt. Because she was Jen, the girl who could hold forever.

The Bladder Fairy had given her a gift, a terrible, wonderful gift. And she would cherish it until the day she could no longer stand.

Which, if the swelling in her feet was any indication, might not be far off. But she didn't care.

And then, finally, the day came. The one day a week where she was allowed to rest, to recharge, to be a wife. Marcus took her to the office, his eyes gleaming with excitement.

He locked the door behind them, and she knew what was coming. She lay down on the couch, her legs sticking straight out, unable to bend them in the tight denim.

He undid the corset with trembling hands, and she took a deep, shuddering breath as the pressure lifted from her ribs. He peeled the jeans off her, revealing a swollen, bruised bladder that was a testament to her endurance. And then he fucked her, giving her biggest pleasure and worst pain at the same time

Afterwards, she showered, the warm water cascading over her sore muscles. She scrubbed herself clean, her hand lingering over the sensitive flesh of her distended abdomen.

It was a strange kind of intimacy, one that she'd never shared with anyone before. But it was also a necessary evil, a part of the routine that kept her going.

When she was clean, she dried off and Marcus helped her into a fresh pair of tight jeans and a new corset. They were always tighter than the last, a reminder of what was to come.

And then, the best part of the week: she got to sleep. For a whole six hours, she could close her eyes and forget about the pain, the pressure, the customers.

Marcus held her close, his hand resting on her stomach. They made love, a gentle, sweet release that made her feel almost human again.

It was a fleeting moment of peace in a world that was anything but peaceful.

When the alarm went off, she groaned and rolled over, her bladder already starting to protest. But she had a job to do, a reputation to uphold.

So she pushed herself to her feet, wincing as the fabric of her jeans bit into her swollen skin. She took a deep breath and opened the door, ready to face another week of agony and ecstasy.

The diner was waiting, her stage, her audience eager for the next act in the never-ending play of her life.

And so she danced, serving drinks with a grace that defied the pain, her bladder swelling with every passing minute.

The customers watched her with a mix of fascination and horror, their eyes glued to the bulging fabric of her jeans.

She was the woman who could hold forever.

