Vicious Traditions

Author: fullbladder

*000*2021-09-14 08:18

Jivan bounced in her limo seat, bursting with excitement. Her friend, Dewa, really knew how to throw a party. In fact, she was as excited for her bachelorette party tonight as her wedding tomorrow afternoon. The group of ten ladies were headed for a small cottage about an hour out of town. It was pricey to rent the limo for the entire night with significant mileage, but the girls still saved a fortune by opting for the cottage instead of a spacious place in the city. With all of them being a year or two out of college, it was important to save money wherever possible.

“Well, I need to pee,” Tatiana announced as the limo finally pulled into a rocky driveway. The girls hummed and nodded their agreement as they admired the little rustic cabin straight out of a fairy tale. They had all enjoyed multiple drinks on the drive over, gossiping and laughing the entire ride.

They got out of the limo, reminding Shauna, the driver, that the ride back wouldn’t be until midnight. Shauna nodded with a smile, replying she would be at a nearby coffee shop with her phone on to accommodate any changes in plans.

Excited, the girls hurriedly punched in the door code to reveal a clean and gorgeous interior, with a bar full of drinks. It was perfect for an epic night together- Jivan couldn’t wait to get wasted!

Hopping about, obviously concerned with a more urgent matter, Tatiana kicked off her shoes and dashed to open washroom door to the right. Jivan had noticed that she had the smallest bladder of the group, always being the first to ask for a bio break.

In her hurry, Tatiana hadn’t even bothered to fully close the door. The girls giggled at her audible stream and blissful sigh. However, their attention quickly shifted back to the bar and Jessie, a part-time bartender, got to work mixing drinks.

As Tatiana flushed and rinsed off her hands, Dewa prompted Jivan to go next. “No, I don’t have to go that bad- I’ll pee after you.”

“Come on, you’re the bride- it’s just good manners.” The comment drew a dirty look from Tatiana.

“Alright, fine then.” Jivan was slightly annoyed by being nudged into the spotlight, but appreciated the gesture nevertheless. She had a mild need for the toilet anyway- best to get nature’s call out of the way then it was all drunken fun from there. She entered the sparkling washroom, taking care to lock the door behind her. Lifting up her new lime-green form fitting dress, she pulled down her white bikini-cut cotton panties while lowering her butt onto the seat.

It took her a second to start peeing, conscious of friends outside. She realized then that she had peed in front of most of them anyway, typically while proper drunk. She could feel a slight buzz already- it was going to be a night to remember. She finished peeing, wiped, and pulled up her panties. As she flushed and washed up, she realized the excited chatter outside had suddenly died down. Curious, she unlocked the door and opened it.

*001*2021-09-15 13:31

Before Jivan could step out of the small washroom, she was grabbed by both arms and dragged forward towards a wooden chair placed in the middle of the room. Before she could come to her senses, she had been pushed into the chair and two of her friends were tying her wrists to the armrests while four of the ladies held her in place.

“W-what’s going on?” Jivan finally managed to blurt out. Her arms were now bound tightly to the chair.

Dewa, standing over her with a giant smile, produced a plastic bag and pulled out a matching pair of bra and panties.

Jivan recognized them immediately- it was her silk white set she planned to wear under her wedding gown tomorrow! “Where did you get those?” she asked in surprise.

“Your bedroom,” Dewa responded matter-of-factly as she put the bra back into the bag and dropped it on the floor. Jivan recalled that she had given her friend a spare key in case of emergency.

Nikki and Lena hiked up Jivan’s dress then pulled down her panties to her feet. Protesting, Jivan tried to kick her legs but Anna and Gladys had iron grips on her feet. Dewa took a moment to admire her friend’s clean-shaven pussy before slowly guiding the brand new underwear up her shapely feminine legs. Nikki and Lena lifted her up by the armpits so Dewa could carefully confirm the exquisite underwear was all the way up her butt cheeks, in proper place.

No sooner had she been reseated, Anna and Gladys bound Jivan’s legs to the chair, too. She looked up helplessly at Dewa, in confused shock. What was going on?

Dewa began pacing in front of her slowly, still smiling and obviously enjoying the moment. “This area was once occupied by the Glafialianki people.” She spoke carefully and purposefully, making sure Jivan caught every word.

“It is documented that the women of this tribe had very interesting wedding rituals. On the night before her wedding, the bride would be shed of her inhibitions so that she could be free to give her husband her very best on their special night together.”

Jivan tugged at the rope with both arms and legs, with no luck. “Enough! I hate you and this dumb joke!”

On cue, Nikki shoved a cloth into her mouth. Her yelling stifled into an unintelligible mumble.

Dewa smiled and continued. “The closest friends of the bride would entertain her through the night with dance, song, and drink. However, there was a catch. She was forced to don her wedding undergarments without being given an opportunity to relieve herself.”

Jivan started yelling again, trying desperately to spit out the gag. There was no way she was going to let her idiot friends do this stupid crap to her!

Dewa continued her calm monologue. “Eventually, the woman would soil herself and her bride maids would lead her to a cot, undressing her along the way. As the inebriated lady rested, her wet wedding panties would be dried by fire and placed with her bridal attire. When she awakened in the morning, her friends would help her bathe and prepare for the wedding. They ensured that the bride was not able to clean or change her underwear throughout the day. She was required to stand through the ceremony next to her groom in sullied knickers.”

Jivan had stopped trying to protest now and sat frozen in her chair. It was a total shock- was all this even real or some prank Dewa had imagined up?

“Naturally, this urged the bride to undress as quickly as possible that evening. She could leave her husband none the wiser by removing her panties hastily, which usually worked well with the man’s mind on the main course and not the appetizer. However, if the husband noticed the soiled panties during their night together, it was considered to be good luck for the marriage. The man was attentive enough to notice his wife’s dirty details. Legend has it that the young women often explained the stains on their undergarments as evidence of love and excitement to be with their men for the first ever time.”

Dewa stopped pacing and crouched down to meet her bound friend at eye level. “And now, we will continue that sacred tradition here tonight.”

*002*2021-09-19 04:59

After a few minutes of muffled protesting which the girls ignored as they began drinking, Jivan quietened down. It was pointless to continue protesting- they weren’t going to untie her. Jessie came over with a Long Island Iced Tea and removed the gag from Jivan’s mouth.

“Please Jessie, untie me… please.” Jivan pleaded. Jessie smiled and shook her head. She raised the glass and placed the straw on her friend’s lips.

Glad to replace the taste of the dry cloth with Jessie’s delicious drink, Jivan sipped the beverage for a few seconds before letting the straw slip from her lips. Jessie planted a quick kiss on her cheek before setting the drink down on the floor, beside her.

Over the next twenty minutes, all of the girls approached the bride-to-be and offered her a drink. Before long, the Long Island Iced Tea was in Jivan’s tummy and a Tequilla Sunrise sat on the floor next to her. She was aware of the impact the drinks would have on her bladder, but being drunk for this ordeal definitely beat sobriety.

With the music on and alcohol flowing, the party quickly picked up life. Several of the girls were dirty dancing with each other, taking full advantage of the private night away from their boyfriends. Despite being bound, Jivan was enjoying the scene. She felt naughty with her legs spread open and panties showing- the buzz definitely helped matters.

As they grew drunker, the girls got increasingly handsy. As they helped Jivan drink up, several ladies went ahead and copped a feel of her teardrop-shaped 36C breasts. Nikki even managed to get a hand under her friend’s dress, giving her some intimate rubs through her panties. The surprise had made Jivan jump in her seat and giggle. Nikki had winked at her and given her a wet kiss on the lips before walking back to the makeshift dance floor.

It wasn’t long before the drinks reached the women’s bladders. Jivan observed that the bathroom was nearly always occupied. In fact, Tatiana was going every twenty minutes. Jivan’s own bladder was nagging her. She wasn’t drinking as heavily as some of the other women, but the constant sips were certainly taking their toll. It felt strangely exciting- to be tied up in front of her closest friends with no ability to take care of her own bodily functions.

With Jessie now occupied with Dewa on the dance floor, Samantha poured a generous glass of red wine for Jivan and walked it over.

Jivan sipped politely then spit out the straw.

Samantha reacted visibly. “Come on, hon- drink up. We can’t have you tied up all evening!”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, the sooner you piss yourself, the sooner we can get you out of these ropes and out dancing!”

Jivan frowned. “Wait, you mean Dewa was 100% serious about that? It wasn’t all just a dumb party joke?”

“Yeah, she’s been totally planning it for weeks- she’s gonna see it through. It’ll all be much better if you’re hammered, trust me.” She placed the straw back in Jivan’s mouth and coaxed her to take several large gulps.

“Good girl.” She put the wine glass on the floor and walked behind the chair to massage Jivan’s shoulders. “Just relax, hon. Feel your bladder fill up slowly. Eventually, it will become over-burdened by your pee and it will release. Just imagine how good it will feel, babe- that nice, warm wetness, the beautiful relief.”

It was sheer torture. Jivan wriggled in her chair as her bladder’s fullness seemed to multiply. Her mind was on it now, all right- it was filling, filling, filling. Samantha was right- eventually it would void her body’s excess liquid right into her clean white wedding panties. She shook herself awake and redirected to a different line of thought- peeing herself in front of her friends wasn’t an option. Samantha was wrong. Tianna would just hold it until the ride home came- Dewa would have to untie her then.

Samantha had moved her massage up to Jivan’s head. She ran her fingers seductively through her friend’s long black hair, digging into her scalp. Jivan moaned with a blend of agony and pleasure. Nikki had noticed the hot scene and came running over to enhance Jivan’s drunkenness and horniness. As Nikki fingered her for the second time that night, Jivan absentmindedly closed her eyes and gulped down wine from the straw at her lips.

As the women stopped servicing her a minute later, Jivan came to the realization that she had downed the entire wine glass while experiencing threesome bliss. She was feeling very drunk now and her desperation was growing rapidly. Rather than dwelling on how much liquid was now in her body, she focused on her attractive friends moving sensually on the dance floor. She was in a beautiful cottage, with great friends, and awesome music on the eve of her wedding night. Why should a full bladder worry her?

*003*2021-10-10 11:40

Jivan’s desperation multiplied over the next fifteen minutes. She was feeling really buzzed and tried to enjoy the moment but her bladder’s fullness dominated her thoughts. She noticed her friends looked over at her constantly as they engaged in their drunk fun. They didn’t want to miss the inevitable moment when she would involuntarily soak her knickers. It was pointless to try to hide her desperation- her legs quivered involuntarily and she shifted uncomfortably in her chair.

For the first time since she kicked off the “event” ninety minutes ago, Dewa came over to converse with her best friend. “How are you feeling, dear?”

Jivan chewed her lip desperately. “I’ve really got to go! Can I PLEASE go pee?” She fought to keep herself from crying. Her need for the bathroom was severe, urgent. Sheer will to avoid the worst humiliation of her young life was all that kept her underwear dry. She clenched her feminine muscles as best as she could, through wave after wave of torture from her strained bladder.

Dewa smiled and gently shook her head. “No babe, but I’ll help you hold it.” Dewa yanked the bottom of her victim’s dress even higher, to point where almost her entire groin region was exposed to the room. Slowly, she reached into her friend’s restless crotch and pushed her cool fingers into the hot, sacred heaven encased by pristine white silk, so dangerously close to being stained yellow by a helpless drunk woman.

Jivan shivered involuntarily as her closest friend pressed gently on her most intimate area, almost losing control all over her hand. She sighed as the pressure on her pussy eased her desperation just a little.

“Better?” whispered Dewa into her ear?

“Yes!” Jivan gasped. She still suffered severe desperation, but her friend’s hand pushing on her pee hole was instant bliss.

“And how about now?” Dewa moved her hand up and down ever so slightly, massaging her clitoris through the delicate fabric.

“NO! STOP! PLEASE!” Jivan yelled helplessly, drawing the attention of all of her friends. They stopped dancing to admire the scene in the middle of the large cabin.

But Dewa didn’t stop and continued to pleasure her more aggressively. It was too much- a giant shiver ran through Jivan and her poor bladder pulsed heavily. In the moment of weakness, she squirted.

Dewa paused her massage of the trembling young lady to torture her verbally. “My fingers are all wet now, honey. You just squirted on them. Just let go, Jivan. You know you want to. You know you need to.”

With tears streaming down her face, Jivan just held on. She tried to ignore her friend’s words and block out the stares of her eager friends. Her sole focus was on preventing a complete soaking of her clothes.

Dewa started massaging again. The torture was that much worse with the silk fabric now wet. It felt as if Dewa’s moist fingers were directly rubbing her womanhood. Her bladder, which had now experienced a little freedom, bellowed for more relief. Pangs of pleasure and pain rippled through her exhausted body, and Jivan battled valiantly not to surrender to her natural urges. As the orgasmic sensation mounted, she felt herself leak again, just managing to regain control. She knew, beyond any doubt, the next lapse of control would be the last one.

Feeling the fresh warm wetness on her hand, Dewa suddenly let go of Jivan’s wet crotch and looked deep into her teary eyes. She stated plainly and simply, a fact everyone around knew to be true. “The dam has finally burst.”

Jivan closed her eyes and gasped. It was over- there was no way to stop the flood. A great waterfall emerged from her panties and flowed off the chair to the wooden floor. Jivan panted as great relief overcame her, her bladder finally emptying into her clothes. She sat there peeing for what felt like ages, finally daring to open her eyes and see her friends staring back at her. She slumped into her chair as she finished relieving herself, totally spent from the long, torturous ordeal. Her friends could see her pissed panties, but it didn’t matter- the hell had finally ended.

The ladies cheered and laughed as they rushed to release the bride and get her on the wet dance floor. The bottom of Jivan’s dress had gotten caught in the flood so they helped her out of it and left it on the wet chair. Jivan felt exposed as she danced in her underwear, especially since her panties were now obviously soiled, but a few drinks quickly changed that. Her friends escorted her to the toilet several times through the night, making sure she peed through her panties each time.

At the end of the night, at precisely midnight, the limo returned to the secluded driveway. The ladies quickly cleaned up, using towels to soak up as much of the wet mess as possible. As the ladies walked towards her limo, Shauna gazed questioningly at Jivan’s wet panties illuminated by the bright headlights. Dewa was happy to explain. “The bride has wet herself, but it’s okay. We will make sure her panties are dry before the wedding.” Shauna smiled and handed her a seat cover before rolling up the window- it was time to go home.

