The beanie bag

Author: Felix12

*000*2021-03-01 18:04

Morgan awoke aching all over. She had fallen asleep in her massive beanie bag while gaming the night before. Her back was killing her. 26 was too old to be sleeping anywhere other than a nice firm supportive mattress. Morgan tried to push herself up and out of the gentle cocoon the bag had swallowed her into, but the struggle made her bladder spasm painfully. That must have been what woke her up. She had consumed at least a liter of water and a cup or two of tea before passing out. Usually she was good about peeing before bed since she had a brief problem in high school with waking up wet.

Morgan slipped her hand down the front of her grey joggers. Yep. Her panties were damp. She must have leaked before waking up. At least it didn't make it to her sweats.

Another spasm hit her causing her to curl forward over her bulging bladder. How was she going to get up without completely soaking herself and her beanie bag? If it wasn't the beanie bag she might not have been too concerned, but Morgan didn't even know how to begin cleaning a beanie bag of urine. A wave of desperation hit her like a brick wall. She shoved her hands into her crotch, trying to hold back the tidal wave pushing at her urethra. A trickle of pee escapes, warming her cold clammy panties before the wave receded.

Maybe she could roll out of beanie bag without giving up her holding position. She rocked side to side, trying to build up momentum. She could feel another wave coming and knew this was likely the one that would break her. With one final rock, Morgan flung herself to the side. As she rolled her hold broke. First a small stuttering stream against her hands and then, as she got the the edge of the bag, it became a raging torrent. She thumped face down onto her carpet, pee gushing through her sweats into her cupped hands and soaking into the carpet around her. Morgan could hear the muffled hissing go on and on for a solid minute before she finally felt empty.

Morgan stayed where she was in mild shock for a few more moment, not wanting to accept the fact she had an accident at 26 years old, but finally, she pushed herself up and stood, assessing the damage. Her carpet was drenched and the pool of urine had spread out to soak the bottom edge of her beanie bag. Quickly, she pushed it away to save it as much as possible. The top part of the bag wasn't too bad. There was a bit of splatter from where she'd finally lost her battle, but otherwise was untouched.

Well, she'd best get started on clean up.

