A Meeting of Chance

Author: Foxlover

*000*2020-11-12 20:33

This was a commission I did! Hope you all enjoy!

“...Hmm...swear this used to be cheaper…” 26-year-old Ricky Foster grumbled to himself as he frowned down at the can of kidney beans in his hand. He had been standing in the canned vegetable aisle for the past 5 minutes, one hand on his cart and the other still clasped around the aluminum cylinder that he was sure had inexplicably gone up in price since he was last at the store. He supposed that’s what he’d signed up for, though, when he decided to do his Doctorate in California...come for the top notch oceanography programs, stay for the random upswings in price of non-perishables.

With a sigh, he tossed the can into his cart and moved on, pulling out his phone to check his list. All that was left was corn, canned tomatoes and this cobalt-blue eyes sweeping the shelves. He only had a few more items left, and they were all in this aisle; he’d been deliberate about that, marking the quickest pathway between himself and the checkout counter to retrieve his groceries. Ricky always liked having a solid plan when undertaking mundane expeditions such as these; conserving time was always a goal of his. It had to be, especially when balancing a dual major in biology and nature conservation for undergrad… impeccable time management was paramount to success.

He pushed his cart further down, eyes already on the corn… there was but a single can of his favorite brand left.

Perfect timing.

He reached for the can, not noticing another hand reaching for the same one. As the two hands touched, he blinked, looking down with slight irritation at who would be trying to muscle in on his corn… then suddenly, his eyes widened.

It was a woman, Latina, early thirties, clad in a pink t-shirt and lycra black leggings. Her dark haired tied in a ponytail underneath a ratty worn cap...but there was no mistaking those brilliant green eyes, nor the cute little dimple in her caramel cheeks… a dimple he’d been unable to look away from, all those years ago in 11th grade Anatomy… he suddenly felt very self-conscious about his choice of t-shirt, gym shorts and sandals.

“...Ms. Jiminez!?” He breathed, staring down at his former teacher.

The woman herself blinked, as if confused to hear her name as she turned to him. “...I’m sorry, do I know you?” She murmured in that sweet, slightly accented strain Ricky had always felt fond of.

The young man nodded, smiling widely. “Y-yeah, it’s me, Ricky Foster! We were...I was in your class, back at Westmond High in Nevada? Class of 2013?”

The woman blinked before realization slowly dawned on her face, her own eyes widening.

“...Ricky?” She breathed incredulously before shrieking in delight as she threw her arms around him in a hug. Her teakwood locks smelled just like he remembered...cacao and cinnamon, with a hint of orange. Ricky immediately reddened, but he returned the hug emphatically, trying his best not to let on how flustered he was.

The woman pulled back with a chuckle, her eyes sparkling as she grinned up at him. “Wow, I...I’m so sorry, I didn't even recognize you! You’re so tall, now! God, it’s been...what, seven years?” She exclaimed.

Ricky swallowed, but he nodded in assent. “Yeah, something like that, haha…” He chuckled in turn, smiling down at the woman. “Last time I saw you was graduation, back home…” He recounted, thinking back to walking across the stage to receive his high school diploma… seeing Ms. Jiminez’s disarming smile...nearly tripping over his gown…

The woman laughed again. “Wow, seems like just yesterday you were sliding into class early to work on homework before the bell rang… you were always the only student that did…”

Ricky remembered that, too...Sidling into 1st period Anatomy a half hour before class started to get work done. Ms. Jiminez was always early to school, and her classroom was open an hour before the first bell… Ricky would always love going in there, seeing all the diagrams and charts she kept around the room, and the skeleton in the corner that she would dress up for the holidays...a santa hat for christmas, a pilgrim hat for Thanksgiving, a sash saying “If I didn’t have you, I wouldn’t have any-body” for Valentines Day… he could always count on her for a bright smile and a warm greeting, which he began to rely on to start his day...and sometimes, in the winter, she’d bring a thermos of her abuela’s spiced hot chocolate, and share it with him...

Clearing his throat and sincerely hoping his face wasn’t red as it felt, he looked back up at her...and for the first time, he noticed that her left hand was bare...conspicuously absent the engagement ring he’d so often scowl at in his youth. “So...what brings you out here?” He asked, forcing his eyes up from her hand to her face.

The woman took a deep breath, letting it fill up her cheeks before blowing it back out. “Wow, um...well, a lot of things, really. I’m from here, actually, did you know? Well, not here here, but, San Diego... born and raised.” She uttered proudly, grinning again. “And, um...Obviously, I’m not teaching at Westmond anymore...family moved here a few years back, and Mom’s getting on in age... all my brothers are abroad, and both my sisters have husbands and kids, so they aren’t really around to look in on her… they suggested maybe I move back home…” She said with a dry chuckle, folding her arms. “And, well, after how I left things with Martin, I didn’t see anything tethering me to Nevada…” She murmured, her voice trailing off as a cloud came over her face.

Suddenly, she snapped out of it with a shake of her head. “Ahah, but you don’t want to hear about all that, I’m sure, haha…” She chuckled. “Anyway, a school in La Jolla offered me a pretty sweet gig with a position funded by their new science endowment, and I took it.” She said, shrugging.

Ricky’s eyes widened. Ms. Jiminez lived here now?

“That’s great!” He exclaimed, a little more excitedly than he meant to. “Like...A whole new crop of kids are gonna get the best Biology teacher around...”

The woman chuckled. “You’re too kind… and yeah...Seemed like the universe was pushing me back here, so...here I am!” She laughed. “Guess it pushed you here, too, huh?”

Ricky had been so caught up in processing the fact that she was no longer engaged that he nearly missed her question. “Huh? Oh, yeah, uh...I’m doing my Doctorate, over at UCSD...got a great oceanography program over there…”

The woman tapped her chin, still grinning. “Ooh, oceanography...sounds fancy…” She chuckled.

Ricky returned the smile, albeit a bit nervously...He cursed himself for being so awkward. So what if it was the teacher he used to crush on, whose beauty was only exceeded by her kindness? So what if it was her class that made him want to pursue biology, and later oceanography? So what if she was now single and living in the same city as he was?

….So what?

He chuckled to silence his inner dialogue. “Yeah, I guess you could say that...they’ve got all the best equipment for flora and fauna capture, water sampling, profilers...there’s even a grant proposal being written up to send a student probe to the Mariana, they’ll-”

He stopped himself as he realized he was rambling, his face reddening for what seemed like the umpteenth time. “Ah...sorry…” He chuckled.

The woman laughed again. “Not at all! I always loved seeing how your face lit up when you talked about this stuff in school...there’s hardly a better feeling for a teacher than seeing a student who’s passionate about learning…” She murmured, smiling gently up at him.

He smiled back, looking down into her eyes… those deep, hypnotic green eyes…

Shaking his head, he cleared his throat once more. “Ah, so, yeah, um...Did you...want this?” He murmured, looking back at the can of corn in his hand.

The woman’s eyes followed his to the can, and a sheepish smile spread on her face. “Ah, this is kind of embarrassing, but...that’s my favorite kind…” She chuckled. “My mother always used to use it when making empanadas...reminds me of my childhood…”

Ricky looked up, his eyes wide. “Really? This is my favorite kind, too! Cause my mom would make corn muffins with little bits of corn in it…”

Both of them stared at each other before bursting out laughing, sharing in the ridiculousness of having a favorite corn brand. They spent the next few moments heeing and hawing and having a grand old time before finally calming down enough to revel in the breaking of tension.

Wiping a tear from his eye, Ricky took a few gulpfuls of air to get himself back right. “Ha...haha here, you can have it, Ms. Jiminez…” He chortled, handing over the corn.

“Oh no, I think I’ll be fine, I’m sure Mom’s got cans of the stuff…” the woman murmured, still grinning as she held up her hands. “Besides...this chat is worth the corn…and please, call me Daniela...” She murmured, smiling up at him again.

Ricky swallowed. “Ah..okay...Daniela...I insist…” He murmured, holding the corn out to her.

The woman looked at him for a moment before smiling and taking the can. “Well, if you insist…” She chuckled.

“Well, um...that’s all I need…” He murmured, racking his brains to try and figure out a way to keep the conversation from ending.

The woman sighed gently, still slightly giggly. “Well, since I got the corn, guess I’m all set too…Ready for checkout?” She chuckled, moving towards the line… Clearly she didn’t want the conversation to end either. Ricky followed, his own smile lingering.

Just then, an announcement came over the intercom. “Attention, Ralph’s shoppers...due to a burst water main, the toilets will be out of commission for the next few hours...we apologize for this inconvenience…” The announcement cut off just as some muffled shouting could be heard.

Ricky frowned, his eyes flitting to the end of the aisle and towards the checkout lanes, where a middle-aged blonde woman in jeans and a blouse could be seen arguing vociferously with a frazzled looking store clerk. She appeared to be pointing and yelling in frustration, occasionally pointing back at the out-of-commission restrooms. She looked to be holding a dancing little girl by the hand, obviously in need of a toilet. And if the way the woman was bending at the hip and pressing her own thighs together was any indication, her daughter wasn’t the only one.

Ricky felt his heart skip a beat. Unbeknownst to anyone, he had a...fetish, one would call it. For as long he could remember, he’d had an obsession with watching women hold their pee… he’d spent many a night hour on various adult sites, scrolling through pages of videos detailing women in situations where they were forced to ignore the call of nature, stuck in places with overflowingly full bladders and unable to empty them… He’d take himself in hand, stroking along to the rhythm of their bouncing thighs, his own bladder near full to bursting as he worked himself up to a climax while watching the bulbous protrusions in each of the women’s abdomens.

“Huh…” Ricky muttered, trying to keep his voice steady. “That’s... inconvenient…” He murmured, his eyes shifting over to Ms. Jiminez as they made their way to the checkout.

The woman chuckled, looking at him. “Is it?”

Ricky blinked, now turning fully to look at her. “...Isn’t it?” He murmured, feeling his pulse quicken.

The woman merely shrugged. “I dunno...maybe for her...Personally, I don’t see what the big deal is, she can just wait till she gets home…That’s what I’d do, anyway...”

Ricky swallowed again, taking a deep breath. “Well, she might have other places to go...might be a long time to wait…”

The woman chuckled again. “She’s a grown woman, she’ll be fine…”

Ricky didn’t even know how to respond… how could he? He couldn’t very well tell her why he was so interested…

Luckily, it seemed Ms. Jiminez had moved on already, sighing as she looked around. “You know...this store wasn’t even here when I was a kid...the whole city’s changed so much, though I guess 15 years away will do that, heh…”

Ricky could hear the blood thundering in his ears as he pulled out his debit card to complete the transaction.

“Well, I mean...I’ve been out here for some time, and I know it can be... kinda tricky, to navigate...So, uh... If you’re looking for a re-introduction, I could show you some of my favorite spots… like, there’s a cafe near here that’s got great muffins…you know, if you like that...sort of thing...” He ramblingly offered, trying to keep his voice light despite the trembling in his chest.

The woman blinked, slowly turning to look up at him. She seemed to be carefully considering his words, and the silence seemed to stretch on forever...Ricky hardly dared to breathe, feeling wholly present in his body and yet floating above, omniscient, at the same time.

“Sure, that sounds nice…” She said finally, a small smile gracing her lips as she pulled out her phone. “I’ve got some time Saturday morning...”

Ricky blinked, nodding, his whole body numb. “Yeah, sure, sounds good...Uh, lemme just, uh… Send you the address…” He murmured, pulling out his own phone. He typed in the address, pulled up the address and then screenshotted the map.

“...Is your Airdrop on, or…oh here, I see it...” He murmured, chuckling as he clicked on the icon that popped up.

A moment later, the woman’s phone buzzed as it received the photo. “Okay, got it.” She confirmed, smiling.

Ricky nodded, putting the last of his items into his bag. “Cool...so, Saturday...let’s say, 11?” He said, looking up.

Daniela hoisted her own bag, smiling up at him. “Sounds like a plan. See you then…and thanks for the corn...” She murmured, giving him a little wave before turning and sauntering out of the store.

Ricky felt like he was walking on air all the way back to his car. He’d come to the store for some groceries and left with plans for a date with his vivacious and gorgeous former high school biology teacher. Life sure was funny.

~~

The rest of the week passed relatively painlessly...Ricky managed to busy himself with school and other distractions as he awaited Saturday and the coffee meet, though the anticipation continued to buzz in his mind, shocking him with little jolts of excitement every time he thought about it.

Finally, the morning came, and Ricky was up at 9 AM with crippling anxiety. What if he was making a mistake? He’d often fantasized about spending time with Ms. Jiminez in school, but that was just a silly little boyhood crush...now that it was actually happening, Ricky wasn’t excited. He was terrified.

Still, that didn’t stop him from taking a quick shower and throwing on a pair of dark jeans and a light sweater...perfect for cooler San Diego weather and coffee not-quite-dates with your former teacher. He checked himself in the mirror...he looked nicely dressed, but not too nicely dressed...Luckily for him, he’d gotten taller and filled out since high school, and though he still wouldn’t consider himself “muscular”, he definitely had some definition that wasn’t there in his teenage years.

He left his building at 10:30, anticipating traffic for the weekend, arriving at the shop promptly at 10:47. He pushed open the doors, invigorated by the scent of mocha and chai.

He took a seat near the window, taking a deep breath and settling himself in for the wait.

Hardly 10 minutes passed before he began checking his phone for the time; had he gotten here too early? Was he gonna look silly already sitting here?

15 more minutes passed, and he was beginning to get slightly anxious. What if she had had second thoughts? He was one of her former students, after all… perhaps the fact that she knew him as a teenager bothered her more than she realized.

Ricky swallowed, looking at the table. Maybe he really was deluding himself...maybe he should-

Suddenly, a little gray Prius pulled up in the parking lot in front of the shop. The door opened, and out stepped a dark-shaded Daniela, decked out in her own pair of dark jeans that hugged her hips and thighs quite nicely, a cream camisole top, a pumpkin colored scarf and a light brown jacket. Strands of her hair blew in the wind as she came up to the door, opening it and stepping inside. She removed her sunglasses, peering anxiously around the small shop as if looking for something.

“Daniela! Over here!” Ricky called, waving her down. The woman turned to him, a smile splitting her features as she came over and took a seat across from him. “Hey! Sorry I’m late...I was up late last night grading tests…Midterms are brutal...” She explained as she removed her purse from her shoulder.

Just then, a young woman came to the table, smiling at the both of them. “Hello, and welcome to Duponte...what’ll you have?”

Daniela’s eyes flitted to Ricky, who motioned for her to go first.

“Could I just get an iced coffee? Biggest you have, and with oat milk?” She turned to Ricky with another sheepish grin.

The server scribbled on her pad. “Sure thing… and for you?” She murmured, turning to Ricky.

“Some rum raisin spice cake, and some water, please…” He said.

“Oooh, make that two…” Daniela cut in, biting her lip as she smiled up at the server.

The server scribbled some more before closing her pad. “Perfect, coming right up!” She murmured, turning and leaving the two to chat.

Daniela sighed gently, turning back to the young man with an apologetic grin. “Again, sorry I’m late… I set my alarm clock for 8, but I was up till nearly three grading those damn tests...Oh!” She squeaked, covering her mouth for a moment before visibly relaxing. “Ah, sorry about that… Brain still in school mode, can’t be swearing in front of the kids…” She chuckled.

Ricky found himself smiling, his anxiety melting away.

“Anyway, where was I? Oh, right… I went to bed around 4, slept right through the damn alarm...woke up at 10:45…” She sighed, leaning her elbows on the table and sliding her fingers through her hair. “I bolted out of bed, did the QUICKEST teeth brushing ever, threw on my clothes, and hopped in the car...and I was still late…”

Ricky hadn’t wanted to fixate on the fact that the woman had conspicuously omitted any mention of a morning pee, nor the fact that she was about to chug a grande-sized iced coffee. Things were weird enough as it was, no need to push it…

They chatted idly for the next several minutes… about how Daniela was adjusting to being home, Ricky’s work, and his focuses during undergrad and graduate programs.

The server brought out their items soon after, and within moments Daniela had drained nearly a third of her latte.

“Sorry…” She murmured, pulling back from the straw and smacking her lips. “Like I said, late night...plus, kind of an addict, heh…”

They continued to talk more, with Ricky going into some of his knowledge about the places in the neighborhood he frequented and Daniela recounting what used to be there. They were finding themselves to have quite a bit in common despite their age difference...and while it was weird for Ricky to talk so casually like this with someone who used to grade his homework, he found that the juxtaposition made the conversation even more engaging.

Before they knew it, two hours had passed, and Ricky was definitely feeling that water go through him… but he didn’t dare move, not when his mind had been slowly tallying how many glasses of water Daniela had had… 2 with her spice cake, and 2 more besides...plus the large latte...and all of that was sitting on top of her morning piss, she had to be desperate...yet she merely continued to go on chatting idly as if nothing was wrong. It just didn’t add up.

After a few more minutes, Ricky decided to try an experiment. “Be right back, I’m gonna go to the bathroom…” He murmured, getting to his feet.

Daniela nodded, still smiling. “Okay, I’ll wait here…” She murmured, taking a sip from her recently refilled glass.

Ricky felt his heart leap again. She was just going to wait? She wasn’t going to follow, try to get some relief of her own?

He swallowed as he went up to the counter to get the bathroom code from the barista before striding towards it, tucking his hands in his pocket to adjust his pants around his rising member.

Ok, Rick, just be cool...she probably peed before she came, don’t get worked up…

Still, as he pushed open the doors to the bathroom, he couldn’t shake the thought. Especially after what happened when they met at the store, how she said she wouldn’t pee there even if she could...what had that meant?

He stared at himself in the mirror...his reflection stared back, just as anxious as he felt… He steeled his nerves. No sense worrying over hypotheticals...and if she wasn’t going to pee, neither was he.

And so, Ricky left the bathroom unrelieved, heading back towards the table where Daniela had taken to glancing at her phone.

He sat back down, noticing that her water was empty once again as the waiter came to refill it.

He didn’t know how to broach the subject, and he was racking his brains trying to figure out a solution.

“Well, I gotta say, Ricky…” The woman said as she finished what she was typing. “Part of me had reservations about today...you know, with you being a former student of mine, but...we’re both adults, and it really has been nice talking to you…”

Ricky forced himself to move his mind away from the contents of his former teacher’s bladder, smiling in turn. “Yeah...yeah, it has… Sorry about making you rush, like that…”

The woman waved the apology away. “It’s my own fault...Should’ve just gone to bed at 11, like I’d planned...but then 11 became 12, 12 became one… and so on and so forth, until I was waking up and rushing out with only enough time to brush my teeth…” She sighed.

Ricky swallowed. He was so close. “Wow…” He murmured. “Brush your teeth? That’s it?”

Daniela blinked. “Well, yeah...I mean, we said 11, and I didn’t get your number so I couldn’t exactly tell you I was running late...I just had to get out and hope you were still here when I arrived…” She laughed.

Ricky tried to keep himself calm. “So, then...I guess you’ll probably be wanting the bathroom code, huh?” He asked, keeping his voice steady as he could. He murmured, kicking himself over the inelegant insertion...but he had no other option. Though if Daniela was put out by the strange comment, she didn’t show it.

“Oh, thanks, but I’m good.” She said, adjusting in her seat.

There it was. Not only had Daniela skipped her morning pee to meet him, but she’d consumed 6 glasses of water and an entire latte on top of that without even breaking a sweat.

“...Wow...Really?” The young man croaked, clearing his throat. “That’s...surprising…”

Just then, the woman’s phone buzzed. She frowned, picking it up before huffing. “Shit...I’m sorry, Ricky, I gotta go… I totally lost track of time, I have to proctor make-up exams at the school today…” She murmured, getting to her feet and shouldering her purse before digging out some money for her food.

Ricky nodded, swallowing down his disappointment as he rose with her, pulling out his own phone for digital payment on the little pad next to their plates. “Ah, okay...well, it was great to see you…”

Daniela smiled. “Yeah, you too… we should do this again, sometime…” She murmured, smiling genially up at him.

“Next weekend?” Ricky blurted before he could stop himself.

Daniela looked slightly surprised, but her smile quickly returned. “Yeah, okay...same place, same time? And…”

The woman took Ricky’s phone from his hand, opening an app and tapping for a moment before handing it back to him. He took the phone and looked down, seeing that the woman had entered her contact info.

“So I can tell you if I’m running late again…” She chuckled, opening her arms for a hug that Ricky quickly reciprocated.

“Alright, see you next week!” She called merrily as she strode away and out the door towards her car.

Ricky watched her go, his heart beating in his chest as he thought about the woman holding in a night’s worth of pee inside her, about to go proctor a test in which you couldn’t leave till all students were finished…

Swallowing again, he looked down at the contact information in his phone. Next Saturday could not come soon enough.

~~~~

The next weekend, Ricky and Daniela met up again, talking again for hours. They set a plan to meet the next Saturday, and the next and over the couple months it became a regular thing. Coffee turned into lunch, and lunch into dinner. Each time, Daniela would polish off large amounts of water or soda (gotta stay hydrated, she’d say), and never once would she ever make use of the facilities. This went on until… on the anniversary of their first date, Ricky did the unthinkable, and asked his former teacher if she would like to go out with him right in the middle of her 5th refill of water. She’d finished the glass before graciously accepting, reaching up to kiss his mouth to seal the deal.

Tonight, Ricky stood in front of his mirror, dressed in a tailored navy suit and baby blue button up. This was what he’d been wearing when he’d first kissed Daniela goodnight, and he’s since considered it his lucky suit.

Winter, or at least whatever passed for winter in southern California, was quickly approaching, so he found himself donning a peacoat as well to stave off the chill in the evening air. A quick text to Daniela to let him know he was on his way, and he left the house.

A quick drive over to Daniela’s apartment, a heart-stopping sight when she walked out of the front door in a tight black dress that hugged her generous curves, chocolate tresses gently curled and falling down over his shoulder.

“...Wow…” He’d breathed as he’d walked her back to the car.”

Daniela giggled. “Haha you’re too sweet… and you don’t look too bad yourself, babe...” She teased, reaching up to peck his cheek.

They got in the car, heading to a rustic Italian bistro for dinner. Daniela’s eyes widened upon seeing the restaurant. “Cucina Vine?” She murmured. “Pretty swanky…”

Ricky grinned. “Yeah...one of my fellows at the university’s uncle knows the owner...got him to get us a reservation...wanted to do something special…”

The woman reddened gently, though her smile didn’t dissipate.

They pulled in, got out and strode into the restaurant, hand in hand towards the table reserved for Foster, party of two.

Fifteen minutes later, they were seated and sipping on a currant Red and chatting idly.

“So…” Daniela murmured, setting down her wine next to the two glasses of water she’d already finished. “With the holidays coming up, I was wondering if you...had any plans?” She murmured, her eyes looking everywhere but into his.

He blinked, frowning. “Um...not particularly, why?” He murmured. She swallowed, reddening again. “Well, erm...My school is sending teachers abroad to an education conference in Guatemala...and I was one of the ones they picked…”

Ricky’s eyes widened, as did his smile. “Really? That’s amazing!” He exclaimed.

Daniela smiled shyly at his enthusiasm, taking a deep breath as if his excitement bolstered her courage. “And...we can bring a plus one...I was wondering if you wanted to come with me… it’ll be right after Christmas, and it’ll go till the 10th…”

Ricky’s eyes widened before he slumped back in his chair, staring at the table. “Guatemala…” He breathed.

Daniela frowned, suddenly looking nervous. “...I know it’s a long time, and we’ve only been dating a couple months, but….” She watched him on tenterhooks.

Ricky’s head snapped up. “Are you crazy? I’ve always wanted to go to Guatemala, the Basin is one of the most information rich quadrants for aquatic current patterns in the hemisphere, I-”

He stopped, noting the smirk on the woman’s face. Ricky swallowed, reddening as he ran a hand through his hair. “Ah...sorry, um...Yeah, yeah I’d love to go…”

Daniela’s face brightened, and she looked 10 times more radiant. “Amazing! I’ll call the agency on Monday and have them confirm! Hmmm...New Year’s in the South Americas…” She mused, taking another sip.

Just then, the waiter came by to take their orders. Ricky got chicken marsala, and Daniela ordered the pappardelle bolognese... and another glass of water.

Ricky noticed this request, and he continued to peer at the woman as she looked over the menu to decide dessert in advance.

He swallowed, pushing back from the table. “Be right back, gonna hit the gents…” He murmured, keeping his eyes on her.

“Alright…” The woman murmured, tracing a finger down the tiramisu list.

Ricky continued to stare. “...You...aren’t gonna come?”

Daniela looked up, frowning. “To the men’s room?”

Ricky reddened, gently clearing his throat. “I meant to the bathroom...half a bottle of wine and 3 glasses of water, and you don’t need to go?”

The woman shook her head. “No, I’m alright…”

Ricky looked at her for a few more minutes before sitting back down with a huff. “Alright…” he muttered, causing Daniela to look up. “Every time we go out somewhere, you drink your weight in water, wine or coffee but you never visit the ladies…that or you’re just really good at being inconspicuous...”

The woman was silent, looking pensive about something before turning to him. “Can I...tell you something sorta crazy?” She murmured, smiling a bit sheepishly.

Ricky felt his heart quicken, and he nodded, not trusting himself to speak.

The woman brushed a bit of hair behind her ear, chuckling quietly. “It’s...sort of silly, but… I never use the bathroom in public. After teaching for so long, you get paranoid about the things that go on in publicly accessible bathrooms, ych…” She shuddered gently. “I never have a problem waiting till I get home, so...I do.” She murmured, shrugging again.

Ricky felt his heart thudding so fast he was almost sure she could hear it. He swallowed, thinking back to high school. Come to think of it, he couldn’t remember her ever visiting the bathroom before or after his class with her… nor after the next two, once he became her T.A…

“...You...never go in public? Ever?” He murmured.

The woman looked up at him with a sort of grinning wince. “Yyyeah...is that weird?”

Ricky quickly shook his head. “No, not at all...it’s, uh...sanitary…but...always till you get home? That can’t be true...”

At this, Daniela’s smile melted into somewhat of a smirk. “Hmm...Alright…” She said, leaning forward. “You remember when we first met for coffee? The day I was running late? Well...I would’ve arrived at the same time anyway, because I never pee in the morning. And after I left, straight to the exam, I was there for 4 hours, supervising two separate tests. Didn’t pee there either. Left there and swung home to grab my stuff for the gym, got in a run and some weight training. Then dinner and drinks with a friend, then home...then my first pee of the day.”

She leaned back, arms crossed, smirking widely.

Ricky was beside himself. He could feel his length straining through his suit pants as the woman recounted her story.

“...Wow…” He croaked again. “You...must’ve been bursting...”

The woman chuckled, shrugging. “I’ll admit, I had a fair urge down there, but I was wayyyy below bursting.” She told him. “Benefits of growing up in a house with 9 people and one bathroom...you get good at holding it in.”

Ricky was practically shaking now, perspiration beading on his forehead. His heart was beating so violently in his chest he feared it’d burst out.

Daniela’s face shifted from smug grin to concern. “Ricky, honey, are you alright? You look like you’re about to be sick…”

The man shook his head, swallowing. “Oh, n-no...Sorry, I, uh...well, I-” He tried to figure out how to explain his reaction without incriminating himself. He adjusted himself in the seat, and Daniela’s eyes narrowed as she caught a glimpse of his crotch under the table...and the tightness within.

Slowly, her eyes traveled back up. She looked around to see that no one was paying them any mind before leaning forward.

“Are you...turned on, right now?” She whispered.

Ricky felt his blood turn to ice as his beautiful girlfriend pieced together the depths of his depravity. “P-please, Daniela, let me explain, I-”

“You’re turned on listening to me talk about holding my pee, aren’t you…” She murmured, leaning back and crossing her arms, still staring at him open-mouthed.

He swallowed again, fear blossoming in his chest. “N-no, you don’t understand…”

She tilted her head. “Then what’s got you cocked and ready, huh?”

Ricky racked his brains, but in his flustered state he couldn’t come up with a deflective answer.

He slowly hung his head...years of crushing on this woman, and then 2 wonderful months of dating...gone. All because he’d had to pry, to ask too much…

“Richard…” she murmured softly.

Ricky looked up, surprised to find not disgust or anger on Daniela’s face, but concern. “Why are you embarrassed?” She asked

The young man swallowed again, trying to bring moisture back into his mouth. “I…I don’t want you to think...think I’m a creep, o-or a perv, or anything, I just...I don’t why I like it, I just do, and...yeah, women who are desperate to pee turn me on…” He finished with a defeated slump of his shoulders.

The woman was silent for a moment at his admission. Ricky waited for her to blow up, to yell, to storm out.

But she didn’t. Instead, she leaned forward, touching his arm. “Hey…” She murmured. “Hey, look at me.”

Slowly, the man raised his head again.

Daniela pursed her lips. “You’re not a creep, or a perv. Everyone has weird stuff they're into, it doesn’t make you bad...just unique…”

Every word she spoke was a modicum of calm on his frazzled nerves, and slowly began to relax.

Seeing this, Daniela smiled, nodding. “Besides...I should be the one who’s sorry...I bet I’m a total dud to you, huh…”

Confusion replaced relief and embarrassment on Ricky’s features. “I...what?”

The woman chuckled. “You like it when women are desperate to pee, and you happen to be dating the one woman who never is…

Ricky’s eyes widened, and he felt himself stiffen again. “N-not quite…” He forced himself to speak. “In reality...the fact that you’re never desperate is even hotter…” He breathed. “You always drink so much when we’re together, it drives me crazy thinking about where it all goes...and yet, you never seem to need to release it... I don’t know what your limits are, and...that makes the fact that you have them even sexier…”

The woman leaned back, folding her arms again. “So...you like when girls have to pee, but then you like when they don’t?”

“I like when they should, but don’t…” He corrected, breathing easier and easier with each passing moment.

Slowly, Daniela’s smirk returned. “I suppose I get it… By all logic I should’ve been pissing myself that day, but I wasn’t...Gotta say, I never really thought about it like that...I’ve always been able to hold it, so I held it...and now I can turn you on with that? Guess I struck the jackpot…” She chuckled, biting her lip as she peered at him.

Just then, the waitress came by with their food, offering a slight pause in the heady conversation.

“So, if you really like it when I don’t pee…” The woman murmured, digging into her pasta. “And I really like being the strong iron tank I am...I guess you’re wanting to see how far I can go, huh?”

Ricky nearly choked on his water, causing Daniela to giggle. “Hnnhnn, thought so…” She murmured. “I’m kinda curious myself… We’ll have to look into that…” She murmured, winking as she downed the rest of her wine.

The rest of dinner passed pleasantly, with Ricky feeling ten times lighter having unburdened himself of that secret. When he took Daniela home and gave her a good night kiss, her lips lingered on his for a moment longer than normal...and before he knew it, she was pulling him inside her apartment to kiss him again...and again, and again….alllll over.

~~~~~~

The pair continued going out regularly over the next few weeks as the semester ended and winter break began...though their dates took on a slightly...taboo component. Daniela would casually mention how she skipped her morning pee every time they met, and, and throughout the day she would throw back liters of water without so much as flinching. Every time Ricky thought she wouldn’t be able to hold any more, she would add another glass, another stein, another cup... and still she wouldn’t visit the bathroom, even when at the end of the day she’d have a slight but noticeable bulge in her abdomen. Ricky had since told her about his desire to hold his own pee, and while he was much less graceful than Daniela, kept up fairly well with her...though she would always manage to be almost completely relaxed while he was pouring forth strong jets of pee from his quivering cock.

Christmas came and went, with no small amount of spiced eggnog, and finally, on December 26th, Ricky and Daniela were stood at their gate at San Diego International Airport, waiting for their 6 AM flight to Guatemala City.

Ricky had both their compact rolling luggage and a small duffle bag on his shoulder as Daniela checked the status of their flight. She always liked to dress comfy to travel, and he tried his best not to ogle her sculpted ass in her tight leggings.

She actually caught him staring once, and with a teasing smirk, subtly wiggled her posterior at him before walking back over. “Seems everything’s in order…” She murmured. “Should be boarding soon...I’ll be right back, I’m gonna get some coffee...”

Ricky nodded, releasing the handles and setting the duffle bag down as she walked towards the Starbucks kiosk nearby. He’d already taken a precautionary pee right after coming through TSA, but of course his proud, hot-blooded girlfriend had elected to forgo them, citing her rule about never peeing in public...though the smirk on her face said something different.

A few moments later, she returned with a latte, sipping it happily. “Hmm...you really are addicted…” Ricky chuckled, causing Daniela to stick her tongue out at him before continuing to slurp.

There was a crackle from overhead as the desk attendant for their gate began to speak. “Good morning, passengers, and welcome to flight AA5975 bound for Guatemala City. We are set to begin boarding in ten minutes. This will be a full flight, so if we have any volunteers who would like to check a carryon…”

Ricky tuned out the rehearsed speech. The Education Board had been kind enough to spring for Business Class for the both of them...He wasn’t worried about having space to put their personal items. He was more concerned with where his girlfriend was putting that latte, but he knew better than to ask.

A few moments later, both of them were stood in the line, waiting to board. Behind them, there was a slight commotion as a middle-aged couple hurried through the terminal, obviously late for a flight.

“George, George wait!” The woman called, dressed in a blouse and capris.

“I told you, Margaret, the doors close in five minutes!” The man said, continuing to run.

“George, wait, I have to pee! I still have to pee so bad, George!”

“It’s the toilet or the plane, Maggie, and I didn’t pay $800 dollars roundtrip for the toilet!”

Daniela shook her head as their voices got more faint. “Sad, when regular women don’t plan to accommodate their bodies’ needs…” She murmured to Ricky, who only swallowed in response. “They’re probably gonna miss their flight…too bad ‘Margaret’ doesn’t have a supertanker like me...” She whispered, smirking up at him. Ricky swallowed, well-aware of how much the woman was enjoying teasing him as he gently reached down to adjust the crotch of his sweatpants.

Finally, they got to the front of the line, scanning their boarding passes and boarding the plane, shuffling down the aisle to seats 3A and 3B. Ricky stowed their luggage in the overhead bin while Daniela slid into the row, taking the window seat and leaving the aisle for the taller Ricky. The two settled in with a sigh, smiling at each other and exchanging a kiss as the flight attendant continued to oversee people getting on the plane.

Once the doors had been closed and the attendant finished their mandatory safety briefing, Ricky settled back in his seat, yawning gently as he closed his eyes, preparing to take a nap.

~

He felt as though he’d hardly closed his eyes when he felt himself shaken awake.

“Ricky, baby, wake up...w-wake *oooh* ooohh, please wake up…” Daniela moaned from beside him. Ricky opened his eyes blearily, looking over at his girlfriend...and he was shocked by what he saw.

Daniela’s eyes were crinkled, her face tight with pain. She peered at him anxiously, one hand on his arm and the other buried between her lycra-clad thighs.

Ricky blinked slowly. “What’s going on?” He murmured sleepily.

“I-I messed up, Ricky…” Daniela muttered, hissing as her thigh began bouncing up again. “I-I thought I could handle it but I can’t, I have to pee so bad...p-please let me out, I can’t hold it…” She whimpered, beginning to bounce up and down in her seat, biting her lip. “P-please, Ricky, I’m bursting, let me...let...wake up...Ricky, wake up!”

The man’s eyes shot open as he sat up, still disoriented from the dream. He looked round at Daniela, who looked just as relaxed as always, and then up at the attendant taking drink orders.

“Uh…” He murmured, swallowing. “Just...a vodka cranberry, for me…” He murmured, rubbing at his eyes.

He looked over at Daniela. “Nng...How long was I asleep?”

The woman chuckled as the attendant began pouring their drinks. “About an hour...but we’ve only been in the air about 10 minutes, we got stalled on the runway…”

Ricky took the proffered beverages, handing one to Daniela before sipping at his own. “Really? How come?”

Daniela shrugged as she took her own beverage - a lime seltzer - from his hand. “Some sort of maintenance issue with the landing gear…” She murmured. “A couple people deplaned to pee, but, other than that…”

Ricky frowned, slumping back against the seat. “Mmn...I’m going back to my nap, now…” He murmured sleepily, to which Daniela only giggled and kissed his cheek.

Ricky awoke again a few hours later, looking over to see that Daniela was asleep. She had an empty can of seltzer water on the tray table before her, and her water bottle looked to be about empty. He gently shook his head; his girlfriend was no stranger to confidence, that’s for sure...

As the captain turned off the seatbelt lights, people immediately began getting up and shuffling towards the lavatories in the back of the plane. Daniela slumbered on, seemingly unconcerned with the fact that a half dozen people shuffled about anxiously in place, eager to drain their full bladders of amounts that wouldn’t even tickle Daniela’s capacity. The line was replaced with two people ever so often, throughout the next hour, until only Daniela and Ricky had gone unrelieved. Ricky himself felt the barest sensations of filling, but years of enjoying the feeling of holding his pee had made it so it took far longer for him to reach that state than anyone else, save for the woman sleeping next to him

For the remainder of the flight, Ricky worked on research for his thesis… the observations on protozoic life forms at the bottom of the Mariana that could be clues to how to search for life on Mars. All the reading about the ocean should’ve exacerbated his need...and true, it did bring his mind back to it ever so often, but it still wasn’t enough to be called an urge.

As they touched down in Guatemala City, Ricky gently shook Daniela awake. “Hey...wake up, hon, we’re here…” He murmured. Daniela blinked the sleep out of her eyes, yawning. “Nng...I knew that latte tasted like decaf…” She muttered sleepily, prompting a chuckle from Ricky.

They deplaned and grabbed their luggage before heading to the pick up area for taxis and other transportation. Ricky couldn’t help but notice as Daniela strode right by the women’s restrooms and the lines extending out of them and down the hallway without so much as a second glance. He had to admire her fortitude...Not a single pee since last night and here she was a 3 PM, acting as though she’d only peed moments ago.

They followed the path towards a shuttle that would take them towards the hotel. As they got on, the driver tipped his hat to Daniela with a smile. “Ah, buenas tardes señora, bienvenida a Guatemala…”

Daniela smiled back. “Gracias señor, es muy lindo estar aquí...” She murmured back. Ricky was completely out of the loop, but he smiled nonetheless.

They both sat down on the hard leather seats as the doors closed and the shuttle took off down the port way and towards the highway. The drive was lovely...hills of houses on one side, distant mountains on the other...Ricky could hardly tear his gaze away from the natural beauty of the South American countryside.

Soon enough, they arrived at the hotel, and upon debusing, Daniela turned to her boyfriend. “Come on, let’s get settled and then see about getting something to eat, I’m starved…”

They checked in and took their bags to their spacious room on the 6th floor, prompting a whistle from Ricky. “Wow, this is nice…” He murmured.

The woman smiled, striding in after him. “It’s a sizable grant…” She chuckled as she took their bags, depositing them in a corner as Ricky availed himself of the bathroom.

When he came out, he found Daniela waiting, smiling as she sauntered in past him.

He turned to watch her enter the bathroom. “You’re going pee?”

She turned to look at him with a pout. “Really? Still think I’m peeing? It’s been barely a day...”

He blinked. “But...so what are you doing…?”

The woman smirked. “...Showering? We’ve been flying all day…”

Ricky swallowed at the prospect of his curvy girlfriend naked in the shower, warm water running all down her body whilst the warm water within her body stayed clamped up like it had been all day. The thought made him stiffen.

~~
