The White Forest

Author: FoxFire

*000*2016-07-12 21:41

So I rifle through this board all the time, and I thought to myself "I want to do that!". So I sat down did that!

This is part one in a part whatever series. That means that if people think this is shite, I'll scrap this and write something better.

Spell checking provided by Google Docs and several cursory checks by me! If you find any errors, please let me know, I'll angrily type at them until they go away.

It was a generic but idyllic morning in the village of Dove. The dew coated grass had been caught by the dawn’s light at a fantastic angle, making every lawn near and far seem like prisms full of colors. Swathes of young green wheat swayed in the gentle breeze, watchful crows perched on the timber roofs cawed and croaked at passersby, and without a single thundercloud in sight, a gigantic crimson lightning bolt arced across the sky, striking a young blacksmith’s apprentice right in the forehead.

In that very instant, the whole town stopped what they were doing, and looked on in abject horror. The farmers milling about in their fields threw down their seeds, and ran indoors. The beekeeper lost his concentration, dropped a hive’s section, and screamed in horror as swarms of extremely pissed off bees reminded the beekeeper with a blinding flurry of stings that they weren’t kept inside hives all this time for the bees safety. The Blacksmith was the most distraught of them all, as in an instant, he lost both his personal cook and his professional gopher. He buried his face into his blackened palms and wept.

The smoke from the crater that used to be the apprentice cleared and revealed- wait, the apprentice?! Yes! The young redhead hadn’t been reduced to finely ground powder! In fact, she seemed to be absolutely radiating with health! Literally! An unearthly red glow illuminated her entire body. She blinked, and looked at her hands. “Unlimited power…” she whispered under her breath. Suddenly, she began to levitate! Just a centimeter or two at the start, but then to a meter, then two meters! Her eyes now crackled with a sinister energy, and with an audible pop, they exploded to reveal two motes of pure electrical energy.

“Yes! ARISING THUNDER!” the girl cried out as she imagined a sick guitar riff blaring in the background. She didn’t know what a “guitar” or a “riff” was, but they probably sounded cool as hell.

Her voice echoed through the village, past the hills, and in through the valleys, insuring that all mortals nearby could hear her call. She then began to experiment with her newfound powers. This began with simple science experiments, such as lightning plus cottage roofs equals “oh goddamnit, you set fire to me ma”. She then repeated this sick “experiment” with all the cottages, then the sheds and barns, and finally all of the crops. She laughed with childlike glee as she rained down pain and suffering in electrical form to all those who once laughed at her. Cries of horror could be heard all throughout the village, ranging from “You set fire to my-- everything!” to “OH FUCK, FLAMING BEES”.

“Bow, to your god-emperor, Yvonne!” she belted out, punctuating the pauses with her incredibly sinister laugh. Eventually, she had managed to level the entire village, farms and all, giggling as she watched all its denizens flee for the hills. She was tempted to chase after them and start tiny fires in their hair, but then she realized that she simply could not be bothered. After committing dozens of acts of arson, Yvonne finally felt content.

Except… Something wasn’t quite right.

Besides the whole “Yvonne scorched the world”, something wasn’t quite right here. Then from the ashes the village pavilion sprouted a tall white tree. At that instant, Yvonne lost whatever dark power that had manifested within her, and fell back to the earth like a sack of lead bricks. She hit the dirt face first with a satisfying thwack! This knocked the wind out of her, and when she came to, she frantically searched her limbs for any sign of that sickly-sweet red glow from before, but the only bit of red on her now was the thin trickle of blood running down from her probably broken nose. She beat the ash-laden ground next to her in a childlike fit of rage before hitting a hidden stone, and recoiling back “Ow! Goddamnit! None of this is fair! Why can’t they let me enjoy this?!” She moaned, fighting back tears of bitter defeat.

While Yvonne was mourning the loss of her power and the subsequent abuse thereof, the white tree called out to her.

“Child.”

Yvonne wiped the blood and vengeful tears from her face, and slowly looked up to the tree.

“Oh, it’s you.” she said, feeling her face contort to an involuntary scowl.

“Seek out the-”

“-The petrified birch at the city of Kestrel. Yeah, that’s what you say every single time this happens.” Yvonne interrupted. She’d heard this arboreal speech enough times to remember it by heart.

“Have you ever considered that maybe I don’t want to?” One she realized what she had just said, she immediately covered her mouth in an attempt to take back what she said, but the damage had already been done.

The tree said nothing at first, y’know, like a normal tree. What had appeared to be a simple knot in the base of the tree suddenly parted, revealing a single squid-like eye, bulbous and terrible. The eye seemed to stare not at Yvonne, but through her. She felt her stomach drop about ten-thousand leagues under the sea as a strange primal fear began to grip at her very being. She couldn’t explain why, but something about this tree unsettled her. She tried to break the gaze by looking away and shutting her eyes as tight as they could go, but even as she broke eye contact, she could still feel the tree’s presence in her mind.

Without warning, strange macabre visions began to flash throughout her mind. Her limp body hanging limply by a chain noose affixed to a white tree. Being bound to a white tree as archers atop a hill pincushion her body. Having a white sapling burst from her stomach in her sleep. White, blood red, white, red, the visions all followed a terrible pattern. Absolutely terrible things happening to her while the tree watched, ubiquitous to every scene.

She flung herself to the ground, covering her ears, shutting her eyes, and resorted simply screaming to get these dark visions out of her head. She wanted to ball up and cry, but the tree would not relent. Enough images to fill a children’s picture book series when finally, a hollow voice echoed through her mind.

“Child, can’t you see? There is no other option.”

Yvonne could only respond with screams.

“AaaaaaAAAAAA!” Yvonne cried out as she bolted awake. Bleary eyed and terrified, she drew several heavy breaths and frantically searched the room for any signs of that white spindly bastard. Finding nothing, she fell backwards and collapsed back into bed with a soft thump.

“Just another dream, nothing to be afraid of.” Yvonne mumbled as she rolled over and buried her entire head into her soft down-feather pillow. It was at moment that she realized how incredibly uncomfortable she was right about now. Her heart beating like a tone-deaf drummer, and she felt absolutely clammy all over.

“Eugh, gross.” she mumbled into her pillow as she blindly felt around for the source of the dampness. To her relief, it was mostly just nervous sweat, but she always had to check. Lately the dreams have been getting pretty bad. Not just inconspicuous wet spot bad, but rather “wake up yelling while sitting in a pond” bad. Many of these dreams had left Yvonne running through the village, red faced and smelling of terrified wee, off to do her secret laundry in the creek nearby. The worst part was, she couldn’t explain herself to anyone if she ever got caught. What was she supposed to say? “A demon tree in my dreams is making me wet the bed, sorry!”

Yvonne tried closing her eyes and going back to sleep, but once you’ve seen that, there’s no going back. She shut her eyes tight, and tried counting gnomes in her head, but even the gnomes seemed like they were scarred for life.

There’s simply no helping it, I’m not going to get any sleep like this. She thought, letting the pessimistic side of her brain reign free. With no hope for sleep, she let herself drift over to the edge of the bed and let gravity do its thing. With a thunderous thump she fell to the wooden floor, dragging the sheets, the blanket, and a single pillow off the bed and down to the abyss with her. Like a butterfly in a net, the sheets encased her and left her squirming uncomfortably on the bedroom floor. Taking after the mighty salmon, she then mustered up all the strength in her limbs to blindly flail around and free herself from the rat’s nest of bedding that had become her prison. After several seconds of blind fury, she freed herself from her fluffy prison!

“I really need to do more cardio.” she reminded herself as she shakily rose to her feet. Feeling a bit wobbly after her skirmish with the bed, she laid a hand against the bedroom wall to steady herself.

“Yeah, I’m gonna just… stay here awhile.”

~+~

After a minute of deep contemplative thoughts that only a good lean against the wall can give, Yvonne finally felt that she might be ready to actually get something done. She walked over to her closet, and began rifling through nearly identical articles of clothing.

The dark gray coat, or the light black tunic? So much to choose from these days…

The only thing that ever set her apart from a moving shadow was a mauve scarf that she absolutely had to wear, even in the summer. Everyone is still surprised that she hasn’t succumbed to heatstroke yet. After deciding on the “slightly darker than black coat and slate gray trousers”, she lazily put them on over her pajamas. As she walked over to the door out of her bedroom, she noticed her worn leather boots tucked away in the far corner of the room next to the door. She narrowed her eyes as she stared the blighted things down.

“Not today!” she hissed as she kicked them across the room. She completed the act of a raving madwoman by throwing open the door, and running down the hall barefoot and totally prepared to take on the challenges of today. Despite her extreme confidence, she couldn’t help but feel like she forgot something incredibly important.

Her 100 meter dash down the hall took an abrupt halt as she expertly turned on her heel right at the end only to be met with a precarious wooden staircase, to which she only scoffed at. She gripped the staircase balustrade, and with a mighty laugh, thrust herself over the edge as elegantly as possible. Yes, soared like a great red heron, and fell harder than a dodo as she crashed down the second set of stairs below the balustrade. Each single step greeted her with a nice whack on the side as she took her tumultuous voyage down the staircase. As she lay at the foot of the staircase, she felt herself all over in search of any mortal wounds.

Everything hurts… she thought, hoping that her final thoughts might end up in a fantastic opera one day. One she figured out that she wasn’t actually dying, she took stock of her newly gained bruises.

One on my knee, one on my- hey wait a second, why is my abdomen kinda feelin’ like-- OH WAIT! she yelled in the safety of her own mind. I never went to the bathroom, did I?!

So used to the demon tree literally scaring the piss out of her nigh on every night, she never went to the bathroom at all this morning. Just then, she heard a door open somewhere in the house. Heavy footsteps made the floorboards creak like the house was about to come down. Suddenly, the footsteps stopped, and Yvonne heard a sigh from somewhere to her right. She quickly got up and looked around, but could only see a short silhouette leaning against the balustrade right above her, thanks to the dim light of the morning.

“Let me guess, demon trees again?” The figure said with barely veiled irritation in his voice.

“Shhh! Don’t say it out loud! It makes me sound crazy when you say it out loud!” Yvonne whined from the bottom of the stairs. Not liking being overshadowed, she bounded up the staircase, three steps at a time until she was once again at the top and face to face with the figure, only to find that it was her master, Mr. Goff.

“No, Yvonne, it makes you sound insane. Do you have any idea what time it is?” The figure said, making his point with a slightly stifled yawn at the end of his sentence.

“Too bloody early for this?”

“Too bloody early for this.” Goff repeated with a scowl and a nod.

“Too bloody early for this.” Yvonne parroted back, wrinkling her face into a frown to try and complete the effect. She’d gotten the harsh Northern Gull accent perfectly, but the face could really use some work.

“Hilarious, now knock it off, we’ve got stuff to do.” He said, rolling his eyes all the while.

“Hilarious, now- wait, what?” Yvonne gasped theatrically “Wasn’t today supposed to be our day off?”

“Hah, not likely. Where’d you get that notion from?” Goff said, looking up to Yvonne with inquisitive eyes. Yvonne may dwarf Goff, but no matter what, Goff always won when it came to a piercing visage.

“But- You- Remember that thing you said last week? About how you, quote, “Were getting too tired for this shite” Yvonne said, perfecting his accent and lisping the s’s like he always does.

“Ah. Yvonne, you’ve got much to learn. The life of a smith is dangerous, and fraught with peril and sarcasm. It’s a li-err, what are you doing?” Goff stopped mid ramble, and eyed Yvonne’s legs curiously. Only then did she notice that she was pressing her legs together and fidgeting periodically. She immediately straightened out and tried to act like she was absolutely fine.

“Err, nothing!” She offered a nervous but reassuring smile to seal the deal, but she could feel her bladder taking the rest of her body hostage, and she was not having it.

“What, did the ol’ demon tree put ants in your bed too?” Goff muttered just barely audibly causing Yvonne to scowl heavily.

“Careful, frowning like that gives you will prolly’ give you wrinkles!” Yvonne tried to pretend that she didn’t care, but the thought of having her face resemble an old leather wallet scared her almost as much as the demon tree did. At that moment, she felt the muscles around her bladder spasm, and visions of her having to mop liquid embarrassment off of the hardwood floors suddenly flashed through her mind, causing her to wince.

“Probably just kidding!” Goff blurted out, taking note of the obvious look of discomfort on her face. “I’unno much about faces. Anyway, remember that madman at the edge of town, next to Miller’s warehouse?”

“Y-yeah!” Yvonne stammered, trying and failing to mask her discomfort. This really wouldn’t be nearly as bad if I could move around.

“The one that wanted to, what was it? ‘Revolutionize the countryside with electricity!’ Well, he burned down his workstation when he poured some caustic crap over something he shouldn’t have and caused a catastrophic fire like the genius he was.”

“G-great!” Yvonne realized that at this point, she should probably just stop trying to talk.

“Yeah, and the best part is, he wants to start the whole bloody thing over again? Crazy right? Right?” Goff said this as he stared at Yvonne, waiting for a “right!”. When the response never came, he sighed and continued his spiel.

“Okay, I’ll make this short. He requested 200 meters of copper wire, he’s already paid, and all you have to do is run there give it to ‘im, and run back. The parcel’s in the shop where I usually keep deliveries, simple enough?”

“Can I j-just-”

“No, you can’t just go back to bed, off you go! Scatter! Flee!” Goff quickly interjected. When Yvonne still looked unsure, he spun her around and launched her forward towards the stairs.

Yvonne kept running after being tossed. At this point, to stop was to die. Because face it, wetting yourself in your master’s house and trying to blame the puddle on a spilled glass of whatever is basically the social equivalent of death. She treated the house like a labyrinthian dungeon, and tried to work her way through methodically and efficiently as possible. In her second mad dash around the house today, she came upon a closed door! Thankfully, Yvonne was a certified door expert and made the well researched decision to open it by throwing her weight at it at full force rather than turn the handle, because that’s just how she rolls.

She leaped and angled herself so that she’d body-check the door with her side. However mid-flight, she realized that she probably weighed less than a burlap sack of feathers. This realization came far too late, however, and time itself seemed to fracture as the door rapidly approached. Yvonne shut her eyes tight, and yelled out “Not like this!” as imminent doom came forth. She hit the door at mach five which left her stunned and reeling. Suddenly, she felt something warm run down her leg, and she immediately froze.

“No! Not after all of that! This isn’t how this should end!” she shouted out as her hand immediately shot down to her crotch and inspected the damage. It was just.. A beat of sweat?!

“Victory!” She shouted as she threw her arms back -- and drew them back in after a particularly bad spasm made her double over to regain her composure. The urgency seemed to subside for a time, allowing her to concentrate on not screwing absolutely everything up today.

“What in the seven hells are you going on about down there?!” The voice of Goff echoed from above.

“Sorry! Just got a little excited!” She yelled back. Okay, the workshop is behind this door, let’s try this again.

After surviving a near-fatal crash, she swung open the door to the workshop, and took a good look around, and surveyed for the package.

“Anvil? No, not quite. Countertop? Nah, too heavy. Brown paper package on the countertop? Let’s hope so!” she said aloud, just quiet enough not to attract the ire of Goff. She nabbed the package, stowed it underarm, and threw open the other door in the workshop that lead the the glorious outdoors. She took in the the fresh scent of the early morning, bathed in the dim glow of the morning sun, then remembered that she was supposed to be rather urgent at the moment. Leaving thin wisps of dust as she ran down the unpaved roads, she sprinted through town like a madman was chasing her. It didn’t take long for the lungs to pretend they were on fire, causing her to have to slow down, and catch her breath. Left bent over and wheezing, Yvonne realized that this was going to take a lot longer than she thought, and the heavy package of copper really wasn’t helping.

“I really shouldn’t have worn two layers of clothing for this.” She noted as she picked at the shirt under her coat. “I feel absolutely gross, maybe I should go back to the house and peel off first?” Then she remembered “Guardsman Goff” standing at the door, eagerly awaiting her return, so she kept trudging on. She felt thin beads of sweat run down her legs again, but didn’t bother checking after all those false alarms, so she continued shuffling on down the road. The sweat persisted, and also seemed to be followed by a quiet hiss.

Wait a second… Sweat doesn’t hiss!

Yvonne looked down, hoping for a different outcome --any other outcome other than what she was about to see. She looked down at the exact moment her bladder decided to usurp total control, and release its entire contents. She felt a dreaded warmth run down her legs, and with a startled yelp, she cast the package aside, and let her hands once again dive for her crotch in a half hearted attempt to stem the flow, but it just ran through her fingers and cascaded down her legs, darkening both her pajama shorts, meticulously chosen pants, and reddening her face.

The puddling urine lapped against Yvonne’s bare feet as she stood there, absolutely petrified. She remained standing in an awkward stance until her accident finally drew to a close. At first she said nothing, the silence only punctuated by droplets of urine falling from the hem of her pants and into the the puddle below. She felt her fists start to clench as a rage she’d never felt before took hold of her. She looked skywards, and bellowed forth.

“THAT FUCKING TREE!”

And somewhere in an abandoned courtyard in Kestrel, a lone birch cackled.

*001*2016-09-21 22:21

Not sure what the policy on COMMITTING THE DARK ART OF NECROMANCY on your own posts is, but I'm gonna risk it. I think I total of four people including myself saw this, and I don't really want to repost this just to get some visibility.

