Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 5

Author: Fuchsa9073

*109*2022-03-22 07:01

The conversation between mother and daughter at breakfast was strictly related to the agonizing predicament the women faced.

"Who will you bring in to watch my next punishment?" inquired Grace.

"I'll just ask Aunt Julie to bring your cousins over" replied Erica. "I won't ask any of your friends from school." After a noticeable pause Erica continued "You sound like you are expecting another accident."

"I still have two more days with after school detention. I nearly pee my pants by lunch everyday; I know better than to expect dry pants by the end of detention."

Grace asked her mom "Did you watch the recording from Mrs Blanc's hearing? I assume she's being sanctioned?"

"Oh yes!" her mother smirked. "I wish I could have been there in person. She was mortified when the PTA chair-woman made her testify about past accidents in their household. It seems Jenny and her sister have been accident free since childhood; but their mother hasn't! Heather confessed to being sent home from work several years ago after a small accident during the work day. The Conduct Committee didn't give her any extra sanctions, but it sure made me feel better about myself to hear that Heather peed her pants at work one time!"

"Did she give any indication what she's going to do to Jenny?" Grace asked.

"Not really. Heather assured the Conduct Committee that she would 'take action', she didn't specify how. I suspect she will be harsh, Heather didn't seem at all empathetic toward Jenny."

Erica scrolled through her phone as she and Grace ate breakfast. "Oh my god! One of Heather Blanc's old co-workers just posted about the accident she had at work years ago, it sounds like it wasn't as small as Heather told the PTA committee." Erica gasped in delight and turned the screen toward her daughter "There is even a photo!"

"According to her former co-worker, Heather was at a meeting that was scheduled to last two hours, it ran long and Heather was squirming in her seat by the two hour mark and there was still three items left on the agenda. Heather stood up to present her information to the firm and she was bouncing and squeezing her legs together. About five minutes into her presentation Heather stopped mid-sentence her face turned red, and a wet spot appeared between her legs. The wet spot spread down the legs of her gray slacks. Heather began to walk to the door of the conference room and her boss told her to stay and finish the presentation! How embarassing!"

"Maybe I should have more sympathy for her" Erica muttered. "But she just bothers me so much! I can't help but feel she deserves what she has coming."

"Oh mom, you have become obsessed with her. Try finding something else to focus on."

"As usual, you are right Grace. I suppose I should focus on my own dilema. I have two days left of service to the school, I should spend my energy trying to keep my pants dry for two more days!"

Grace hugged her mom "I'll have the same goals for the next two days too!"

*112*2022-04-15 07:30

Erica's mind was a sea of emotions as she mopped the second floor girls room. She dreaded the inevitable loss of bladder control that she would surely suffer before she got home. It was only 1 p.m. however she was already debating whether she should keep trying to hold her urine, or if she should just let it flow into her leggings. The thought of Julie punishing her in front of male and female witnesses was strong motivation to squeeze her thighs together and keep trying! As she thought back to her spanking in front of her friends, Erica felt guilty that the students were now having more witnesses than Erica would have as a grown woman.

As another wave of pressure rippled through her abdomen Erica found herself somewhat jealous of the 10 students who had to wear diapers. Erica was not likely to stay in control for 6 more hours; if she was going the wet herself Erica longed for the absorbent material that would spare her the humiliating stain that would soon be running down both of her legs.

The mop sloshing in the bucket full of water was agony! Unconsciously Erica began to bounce up and down as she crossed her legs. As she dwelled on her predicament, Erica began to regret her choice of clothing. "I should have chosen the shiny black yoga pants" she thought to herself, "they wouldn't have completely hidden a full accident but they might have concealed a leak. If I lose even a few drops it is sure to be obvious with these light gray leggings!"

The bell rang to signal the start of the passing time between 5th and 6th period. Erica took up her familiar place in the corner so she would be out of the way as girls swarmed into the restroom. "Can you believe it happened again?"..."Mrs. Toole looked like she was going to have a stroke!"..."Is this her second or third?"..."How humiliating!"...."More like disgusting! She deserves to be in diapers, just like the rest of them."

Erica's own bladder needs were quickly forgotten as her mind went in to a panic. Was it Grace? ...Would her daughter be diapered? ...What will the PTA Conduct Committee do to her? ...Why had she voted for the Maternal Responsibility Act? ...Why was a simple accident considered to be such a serious offense? ...Was she really a bad mother for not spanking Grace after her laughing accident? ...Was she really a bad mother because she wasn't punished in front of Grace when she wet her pants on the way home from work years ago? ...How many mothers would need to be paddled during Saturday MRA sanction sessions before students stopped having accidents?

Erica silently prayed "Please don't be Grace! Let it be Jenny, her mom deserves sanctions more than the rest of us. If it can't be Jenny, then let it be Maria; anyone but Grace!"

The girls room emptied leaving Erica with a heavy mind as she went back to scrubbing toilets. Soon the heavy feeling in her lower abdomen reminded Erica of her over filled bladder. She pushed her hand between her legs as she let out a short squeal. The agony of a full bladder, combined with not knowing which student was about to be center-stage at an all-school assembly, was wearing down Erica's resolve. She wanted nothing more than to relax her bladder and relieve one of her stresses. Erica took a deep breath then looked at her crotch, waiting for the golden liquid to make an appearance.

"Come with me."

The command startled Erica, she hadn't heard the nurse enter the restroom. The realization that another person was standing next to her, caused Erica to abort her stream at the last second. Erica did a short potty dance to regain control before following the nurse to the crowded Auditorium.

The nurse watched Erica hobble down the hallway. "My goodness" the nurse said "You've only been here a few hours and you already look like you are about piss yourself. It's a good thing you aren't a student or you would be up on that stage!"

As they entered the auditorium Erica let out an audible sigh of relief, followed quickly by a short yelp. She was briefly elated to see that Grace was not the unfortunate student standing in the middle of the stage; her elation was short lived when she felt a warm spurt saturate her panties. A quick glance downward re-assured Erica that her leak was a secret...for now.

