2- The Swimming Paradise- The rescue

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-09-22 01:43

We left early this morning from Schiphol to Split. It had been a great flight and we landed right on time. When we entered Tatiana's parents' property, they immediately came out to greet us. Ivan shook my hand and hugged me. I still think he's a great guy. Her mother Nadia also gave me a hug and we sat down to dinner. Tatiana a present has come for you, Ivan said it is in the barn. Her mother winked at me. Tatiana hurried to the shed where her new car was. She was jumping like a happy child. Look daddy everything is on it and on it, he is beautiful Rob, thank you. I liked to be hugged by her and I got 3 kisses from her. This is part of your development Tatiana enjoys it so you know what you are working for. Tatiana sat in her car to start it.

Her parents came and stood next to me and her mother spoke to me. Thank you Rob for giving our daughter what we couldn't give her. Seeing her develop like this is very important to us. I looked at her mother, you have given her much more than I can ever give, I said. Love and self-respect and much more you have poured into it from your childhood. She has become a wonderful woman who is caring, smart and has great respect for herself and others.

Her parents were very proud of their daughter. Her father put his arm on my shoulder and said, I understand you want to build a big swimming paradise in Split. Yes that's right, we're going to build it on the property of Monica's restaurant. I spoke to my old employer and he is certainly interested in joining as an investor. But there is another big company around here that would like to become an investor. Oh yes, I asked interested. Yes it is a company that builds large aquariums worldwide.

This is not yet known here in Europe, but many have been built in America. That's interesting Ivan do you know people there? Not directly, but my old employer knows the board well. Note it is a very rich company and want to have a lot of influence. That can be detrimental to you. Thank you for your information Ivan, we will definitely start a conversation with that company. How much money do you think you need Rob. I'm assuming 10 million euros to open and then maybe another 5 million for further development.

Tatiana drove her car out of the shed. She felt really proud of her new car.

Rob I would like to try it out, let's go for a drive. I looked at her parents who nodded approvingly. I got in and Tatiana drove off. It was quiet on the road so Tatiana had plenty of room to get used to her new car. He drives fantastic Rob.

Suddenly we heard loud honking and screeching tires behind us. Then brake you idiot, Tatiana shouted. He's going to ram us Rob, Tatiana said with sweat on her forehead. With tires screeching, the driver steered his car around us. He lost control of the car, which started to swing across the road like a projectile. This is going wrong, said Tatiana who started the chase. I recognized the car but couldn't bring it home. The car lurched from side to side until it came out of the corner and shot through the guardrail. Oh no, cried Tatiana who flies into the sea, it is at least 15 meters deep there. Without hesitation, she slammed on the brakes and jumped out of the car. She took off her pants and T-shirt.

Call 911 Rob and then come to me and she dove into the water. I called 911 and reported what had happened. After I had passed on the correct coordinates, I also dived into the water. 2 minutes had already passed. The pressure on my ears was great so I sometimes had to wait.

In the meantime I saw where the car was and I saw Tatiana try to smash the window with a stone. That didn't work, meanwhile I felt my lungs. It wouldn't be long before I had to go upstairs for air. I took the stone from her hand and smashed the window. I motioned for her to surface. Take it easy, she gestured as she had to breathe herself. She let go of her breath calmly and from experience I knew she was okay.

I swam up and took a breath. There were now also two older people on the side. Tatiana came up with a spluttering child in her arms. Rob it's Zoran, I went stone cold when she said that. Take the child to those people and have them watch it until the ambulance arrives. She yelled something to the people who yelled back okay. Then come back down because Zoran is too heavy for me alone. But I can't hold my breath until Tatiana, I felt so powerless. That's okay, you help me as long as you can and then you go upstairs to breathe and then you come and help me again. Yes, I said, without listening to me, she dived underwater again.

I brought the child to the side and dived to Tatiana. I saw that she had already taken Zoran out of the car and was on her way up. I saw that Zoran was clearly too heavy for her and grabbed him. Together we raised it but at about 5 meters depth I had to let go to start breathing. Tatiana signaled to me to stay calm, not to worry about her. I swam up and took an extra deep breath. When I dove down, I saw Tatiana fighting to stay at depth. Her lungs were burning completely and the power was disappearing from her body. Without hesitation, I grabbed her and motioned for her to let go of her air. She did so immediately and I blew fresh breath into her lungs.

She immediately felt the powers coming back into her and we brought Zoran up together. Gasping for air, we reached the surface and saw the fire brigade divers come to our rescue. They quickly grabbed Zoran from our hands and immediately started mouth-to-mouth resuscitation while they were swimming. Are you okay I asked Tatiana, yes and with you, I answered well too.

Zoran's CPR had started on the beach. The police had meanwhile made room for the ambulance helicopter. Will he make it, Tatiana asked one of the nurses. It is not yet possible to say because first his heart has to start beating again. Tatiana came and stood next to me and stood shivering from the cold despite the warm sun. If he doesn't make it then I've failed Rob, she said. I grabbed her and said don't talk nonsense you almost gave your life to save him.

Tatiana looked at me crying, I saw her eyes turn away and she collapsed. Help, help, I cried. An ambulance brother came immediately. He looked at her eyes and felt her pulse. He shouted something in Croatian and his colleague arrived with blankets. I was devastated with fear, what happened to her I asked. She is completely exhausted. The rescue must have cost her a lot of strength.

I told the brother what had happened underwater and the brother was amazed. So this woman with a body weight of 70kg took that 100kg man from 15 meters deep out of the car and started bringing him to the surface. Do I understand that correctly, he asked. Yes, I said she had already gone a long way when I dove back down because I had to breathe.

That has been a superhuman effort for her. It makes sense that she is completely exhausted. But don't worry, she's in great physical shape and will recover quickly.

The doctor who sat with Zoran began to speak with relief. What is it, I asked the brother. The man has a heartbeat again and is breathing on his own. I saw Zoran spit out a lot of water and get color in his face again. He was placed in the helicopter along with Tatiana and flown to the hospital.

After I asked the nurse to notify Tatiana's parents, I ran to the car to drive to the hospital. A motorcycle cop came up to me and congratulated me on the rescue.

It is Tatiana who saved him, I told him, all credit is due. I was only able to help her, but now I want to go to the hospital. We'll escort you, the officer said, calling through his walkie-talkie. Six motorcycle cops gathered around the car and I drove away. Escorted by 4 police motorbikes in front of me and 2 behind it went fast. Because of the sirens, everyone immediately moved to the side.

Tatiana and Zoran lay side by side in the hospital ward. Tatiana had regained some strength by now. Zoran was awake but still weak and the mouth mask he was wearing prevented him from speaking. Tatiana's parents walked in and immediately hugged their daughter. You are also just as heroic as your father, her mother said. They spoke Croatian to each other and I withdrew a bit. Luckily I saw Tatiana eating fruit and drinking water. She was also given fluids and medicines to regain her strength. The doctor entered the room and everyone asked how Zoran was doing. 

This gentleman had an angel on his shoulders, he had a mild heart attack while driving and lost control of the wheel as a result. If these 2 people hadn't reacted so quickly, he and his son would certainly have drowned. Zoran's family walked in with their son. Zoran's wife was heavily pregnant and shook my hand and thanked me. It is especially Tatiana who saved your son and your husband, that is not true Tatiana spoke clearly and loudly enough. Without you I would never have made it to the surface with Zoran. It was fantastic teamwork what we did down there.

I notice you are feeling quite strong again and I gave her a big hug. Meanwhile, Zoran's wife was talking to her husband. He nodded his head and the woman walked over to Tatiana and asked her. I'm pregnant with a girl and my husband and I would love it if we could name her after you. I feel very honoured, said Tatiana and of course that is allowed. The woman gave Tatiana a big hug and thanked her for everything she has done for her family. The doctor spoke. I would like everyone to leave the room so my patients can rest. We will keep Tatiana here for another night for observation and if everything goes well she can leave the hospital tomorrow morning.

The next day I drove to the hospital to pick up Tatiana. She stood there in the hall as if nothing had happened. She felt well and fully recovered. The doctor who treated her was amazed at this speedy recovery. You have a body as strong as a horse, he sees. Tatiana laughed a horse, I look like a horse. The young doctor blushed, I didn't say that. Never mind, I told him. she's just teasing you. We walked past Zoran's bed for a while. He took Tatiana's hand and tried to ask something. That's good, Tatiana said. Zoran grabbed Tatiana and hugged her tightly. Only then did I see the contrast of physique. She disappeared completely in his arms how could she get him out of the car and bring him up a lot. She must have tremendous willpower to do that.

We got in the car and Tatiana hugged me, thank you for saving me because I would have drowned if you didn't get back in time.

How could you tell me to keep calm when yourself almost drowned I asked her. That was the only way Rob. I knew you would make the right decision and bring me extra air. But then you had to go upstairs quietly and not panic. You are a special person Tatiana and I am very proud of you. That is completely mutual Rob.

Let me tell you something else, I have to pee like a horse. I have received so much fluid through that IV that I have already been to the toilet 3 times this morning. And now my bladder is full again. We can drive past my new boat if you want, I said. Then I first call my parents to say that everything is going well. She pressed her car kit and spoke to her mother.

In the meantime I drove to the Beach Shop where my new boat is, you should not stretch too much time Rob because my bladder is really full. Your bladder has to laugh at those few drops in her, I said and we walked into the Beach Shop.

The salesman immediately came up to us and shook our hands. What a great rescue from you yesterday, he said. Yes luckily everything ended well thanks to Tatiana, where is my new addition George. By now I knew the seller's name because I had spoken to him many times over the phone. Come along, she's at the place where we agreed. We walked to the boat, she is beautiful, Tatiana shouted. Yes, everything is there and on it. You can reach all coastguards of Croatia and Italy with this strong transmitter. There is also a satellite telephone on board. A beautiful stereo set with a great TV. You can see underwater through a large part of the floor of the cabin.

What is behind this door Tatiana asked. Look, I said and she opened the door. There was a small room where a woman could have privacy. There was a dressing table with perfumes, lipsticks and everything she needs. There was also a wardrobe closet full of clothes and swimwear. How beautiful, Tatiana said, clearly impressed. Tatiana stood with her legs crossed, her bladder so full she's afraid to pee her pants. I saw that and asked George, do you have anything to drink in the shop? Yes of course Rob, let's walk there. Tatiana gave me an angry look, you can see that I'm about to pee my pants, she thought. I didn't understand her and looked at her questioningly.

Tatiana got up and walked towards the toilets. Typical women who always have to go to the toilet, said George. That's a shame because women get a lot prettier when they have to pee, he continued. Do you think so too, I asked him. Yes, and most men think so. I told George about my plans to open a bar where the waitresses serve in swimwear and only go to the bathroom once a day. That will be a winner Rob I would like to invest in your project. That's great, I replied.

In the meantime Tatiana came back to sit at the table. Sorry for the interruption, she said. No problem Tatiana I was planning to leave anyway. We said goodbye to George and I said he would hear more from me when I know a little more. I'm curious how this will develop further, he said, shaking our hand. I told George about the project I want to start, I explained to Tatiana, who was looking at me questioningly.

Tatiana started the engine of her Mini and drove off. Gosh, I don't know what they gave me in the hospital but my bladder has never been full this fast. The first drops were already coming to the exit. Then there must be diuretics in it to remove the toxic substances from your body as quickly as possible, I said. I almost have to, Tatiana said, because I can feel my bladder filling again. We are going to eat with my parents tonight Rob my mother invited us this morning. I thought it was fine because her mother is a great cook. I saw Tatiana cross her legs and quickly squeeze her crotch. I already have to empty my bladder again, and turned into a parking lot. No one was parked and the trees provided a good shelter for peeing.

Tatiana wanted to get out, wait a minute, I said and got out. I helped Tatiana out of the car and walked to the trees. I started to undress her and she willingly let me. I also undressed myself and grabbed her. With great agility she jumped on my hips and my cock disappeared into her pussy. Due to the great tension of the past few days, everything animal in us was released. Tatiana came for the 2nd time, now it's my turn, I thought. I let her go and she tensed her abs. Now that I had both hands free, I was able to grab her breasts tightly and it didn't take long before I came too. We started kissing deeply and Tatiana couldn't resist coming a 3rd time. 

Panting, she let go of her grip around my waist. I really need to pee now Rob, look at my bladder. She's really full, I said and stood behind her and grabbed both her labia and started rubbing her pee hole, Tatiana released her pee and it spurted out of her pussy. It was so raunchy that we both enjoyed it. Finally her bladder was empty and I could see her strong abs again. What a wonderful body you have, I said I would like to abuse it all day long. She laughed and gave me a kiss, let's go to my parents because they are waiting for us.

