Celestia Ludenberg's Worst Gambling Crisis

Author: FoldN

*000*2017-10-17 00:33

This is my first story, so it's probably gonna be pretty bad, but oh well. I appreciate constructive criticism, and suggestions of what to do next, although I can't guarantee I will do them right away, if at all.

Celestia woke up earlier than normal because she had to participate in, most likely, the most important Gambling Tournament of her life. Where the most precious thing that everyone has would be at stake, for Celestia it was her cat Grand Bois Chéri Ludenberg, he was spoiled and pampered a lot because Celestia loved him deeply. She had her morning tea and breakfast, and after she brushed her teeth. However, she forgot to use the bathroom because she was too focused on what was at stake.

When she was nearing the mansion that the Gambling Tournament would be held in she started to feel the urge to pee, but it wasn't urgent. "Your stop is here madam." her butler announced, "Thank you, I will be back shortly." said Celeste. Celeste got out of the limousine, and proceeded to head into the mansion. She knocked and the door, and a few seconds later a tall man with graying hair opened the door, "Welcome, the tournament is down the stairs, and to the right." he said. Celestia nodded and followed his directions.

When she arrived many people stared at her, probably because she dressed differently from most people, and she was one of the very few females there. When everyone quieted down, the announcer explained the rules of the tournament, "The rules are simple this is a shogi tournament, there will be 5 matches, if you win you advance, if you lose, then your most precious thing is lost. Now everyone look at the screen in the front of the room to see who your opponent is, and sit next to them at one of the tables."

Celestia's opponent was a short old man wearing a top hat and monocle, and he was walking with a cane. As soon as Celestia sat down, she felt her urge to pee become even stronger, but she thought that she could handle it. She easily eliminated her first two opponents, but she started to become desperate. Then the third opponent sat down, he was a tall young looking man, and teased her because she was shaking, "Oi, are you so scared of me that you can't sit still?" While he was right about her shaking, she wasn't doing it because she was scared, she was doing it because she needed to pee. "Hmph, you are too cocky for your own good" she said, and proceeded to beat him. "WHAT!!! How could I lose?" he yelled "She has to be cheating."

"No she clearly won" said the announcer. She also easily beat the fourth opponent, who ran off crying afterwards.

Then her final opponent sat down, she was a short, young looking woman, with silver hair. As soon as she sat down Celestia grabbed her crotch in desperation, a tiny stream escaped into her panties, around the size of two grapes put together. She needed to finish this match urgently, so she could use the restroom, but her opponent was skilled she would prove a challenge even for the Ultimate Gambler. The match started looking good, but later in she made a mistake, she took her opponents knight with her silver general, but the silver general was left in the path of the rook.

When her silver general was taken a bigger spurt released into her panties, immediately shoving her hand into her crotch, she managed to stop it, but the stain was about the size of an orange now. The match continued, and Celestia regained her lead. Her opponent grit her teeth in frustration, she then moved her king to take Celestia's gold general. This was her opponent's downfall, her King was now surrounded, or in check. As soon as Celestia picked up her rook to take her opponents king, piss gushed into her panties, Celestia let out a loud gasp as she tried to stop it, but it kept coming out, a warm feeling went down Celestia's legs onto the floor making a dripping noise, and causing a large yellow puddle to form under her. When she was done peeing she let out a tiny moan, but realizing what she had done her face turned bright red in embarrassment. People around her were saying thing like "Oh my god she pissed herself"

"Looks like the Gambling Queen needs Potty Training" and other mean insults, but her opponent stayed silent. After Celestia regained her composure, she took her opponents king and won the tournament.

"We have a winner." said the announcer "Go upstairs to reclaim your possession". Her opponent stuck out her hand, and Celestia reluctantly shook it. After that Celestia hurried back upstairs grabbed her cat and left.

Again that was probably bad since it was my first story but I tried, and I would appreciate constructive criticism, and suggestions of what to do next.

Thank you for reading :D

*006*2017-10-17 21:46

Thank you for the reviews, I will keep them in mind next time I make a story :D

