The Beach Party

Author: FullBladder85

*008*2017-12-10 04:49

Thanks for all the feedback guys. Wedgeantilles & Yellow Rain, it's fine if you feel differently about which ending was better. That's part of why I decided to write two endings, I figured not everyone would be satisfied with either.

I was pondering if I should start a new thread for this or not, but I guess I'll post it here.

I don't think I mentioned it in my earlier posts here, but there's actually a bit of content I removed from this story. In between Part 4 and 5 I was originally going to include two short stories, of dreams that Zora & Kelly have overnight, fueled by their full bladders. I ended up cutting both the dreams out because 1) the story was already getting rather long, and 2) at the time the dreams still needed a lot of work in my opinion, I didn't want to hold up posting part #5 over them.

Below is the finished short story of Zora's dream, I haven't finished Kelly's dream yet so I can't post that one. Maybe I will someday.

===

The Desperate Dream Intermission - Zora's Dream

Zora didn't wake up during the night, but she did dream. Most people with a full bladder have dreams where they need to pee really badly, and Zora was no exception.

Zora was sitting in the back of the college classroom, Matt was with her, but so was Kelly. Zora was desperate for a piss, she had been holding it in for several days now in her dream. She recalled how she had tried to use the toilet this morning, but another girl had beaten her to it. Zora could have just waited for the other girl to come out, but she didn't feel like waiting, and she needed to get to class soon. So Zora had decided to skip her morning piss and continue to hold it. Kelly and Matt were both much more relaxed. Zora knew that unlike her they had both taken a morning piss. Zora knew she should be paying attention to the teacher, but besides her bladder, she was distracted by her rivalry with Kelly.

Zora had met Kelly along her way to class, helping herself to a large 1 liter bottle of soda from a vending machine. "You ought to grab one of these yourself Zora" Kelly had suggested. "It's a 3 hour long class, and I know I always get thirsty during it". Kelly knew full well that Zora hadn't peed in several days and was quite desperate to pee by now, her 'suggestion' was practically a dare. Zora found herself wishing she had used the toilet this morning as she took Kelly's advice and grabbed a large bottle for herself.

Matt had smiled upon seeing Zora and Kelly both enter class, each drinking from a large 1 liter bottle of soda. Matt to knew full well that Zora was already desperate from not peeing in several days, but that didn't stop him from wanting her and Kelly to put on a show for him. "Hey ladies" whispered Matt, "I bet Zora can drink more of those 1 liter soda bottles than you can Kelly". Despite how much she already longed for a piss in her dream, Zora had agreed to the bet.

She and Kelly were soon chugging down bottle after bottle of soda in her dream, Matt seemed to have an endless supply of cold bottles in his backpack.

Zora knew she was going to rush off to the ladies room the second the class ended, she really needed it now. Whatever the reason Zora had put off visiting the toilet for several days, it couldn't be put off much longer. But class seemed to be stretching on and on endlessly, it felt like Zora had been sitting there for over 6 hours already, yet the end of class still seemed to be nowhere in sight.

All the many large bottles of soda Zora was drinking were making her already urgent need for a piss so much worse. "Looks like a certain someone really needs to take a potty break after several days of holding it in" Matt observed with a big grin as he watched Zora fidgeting around desperately in her seat.

"I'm sure this contest is a lot harder when you haven't been able to pee for several days" added Kelly. "Too bad you didn't get to take a piss this morning". Zora could have easily just stopped drinking and conceded the contest to Kelly, but even in her dreams that was unthinkable.

Zora was beginning to doubt if she could possibly hold her heavy load of pent up piss back a moment longer just as class finally ended. As Zora hurried out of her seat and ran towards the door she heard Matt and Kelly both urging her to come back. "Where do you think you're going Zora? The drinking contest isn't over yet" she heard them saying, but Zora ignored them both. Instead Zora made a beeline straight for the ladies room that she urgently needed.

But as Zora ran towards the ladies room in her dream, things weren't as they should be in real life. The doors to both the men's and ladies room led to the same unisex restroom. On one side of the restroom was a half dozen urinals that Zora couldn't possibly use. On the other side were a few sinks, and 3 separate bathroom stalls. Zora didn't care about the obvious differences from this bathroom versus the one she had been expecting as she hurried inside the nearest stall.

Upon entering the stall however Zora discovered there was a padlock on the toilet which prevented the lid from opening! Frantic now, and feeling on the verge of pissing herself, Zora tried to lift the lid and seat together so that she could hover over the toilet to pee, but both refused to budge! Even more frantic now, Zora hurried to the other two stalls, only to find they all had the same problem with the padlock preventing anyone from using them. Who would do such a nasty thing to all the ladies on campus Zora wondered!

"Looking for this are we?" asked the familiar voice of Kelly. Zora turned around and saw Kelly holding a key, Matt was with her to. "Since you haven't peed in several days I thought you might try to run off for a pee break during our drinking contest. So I locked all the non-urinals on campus just in case".

"Please give me the key!" Zora whined.

"Zora you know the rules to a drinking contest, pee breaks aren't allowed" Matt replied in a tone implying he was strongly disappointed in her. "Besides, you can handle a little bit of soda, you don't really need to pee yet".

"But I do!" Zora whined as she potty danced shamelessly before them. "I have to pee so bad you guys, I haven't been able to pee in several days! I need that key now!".

"Well that's a real shame then Zora" Kelly replied with an evil grin that contained no hint of mercy for Zora. "Because there needs to be a punishment for trying to break the rules and pee when you aren't allowed to. Me and Matt both agreed on that punishment. Since you tried to break the rules and pee, I get to have my own nice little piss in this urinal". Matt nodded in agreement.

With that Kelly began to unzip her jeans as she approached a urinal. "I'm sure it'll be more interesting for Matt if one of us girls can pee during the contest, and the other girl hasn't peed in several days. This will feel SO good after all that soda I had during class" Kelly said playfully.

"Please don't do that in front of me!" Zora whined. But then she heard another person urinating, and looked to her right, to see Matt pissing in a second urinal. The sound of water hitting the urinal soon doubled as Kelly joined him with her own piss.

The onslaught of two people pissing right next to her was too much for Zora. She felt herself starting to leak as she desperately tried to lift the locked toilet lid. This time it somehow opened without the key. Zora hurried to rip her jeans down to her knees and plop herself down on the toilet seat. It would feel so good to let loose her boiling load of pent up piss! But Zora's jeans refused to budge, her zipper was stuck! Zora frantically tried to get her zipper to open, then frantically tried to just rip her jeans down, but it was no use, they refused to budge. Piss was beginning to run down Zora's legs, Zora's boiling load of pent up piss refused to be held back any longer!

And then Zora mercifully woke up, squirming desperately, but still dry.

*011*2017-12-17 05:41

Thanks for the comments guys. Melifcentfan & wedgentilles you two are the reason I decided I really ought to take a break on the story I was currently working on to finish Kelly's dream short story. I think I'm finally satisfied with it enough to post it, so here it is.

===

The Desperate Dreams Intermission

Kelly's Dream:

Kelly meanwhile slept as soundly as a girl with a bladder as burstingly full as her's could manage. She didn't wake up during the night, but she also had a dream about needing to pee really badly brought on by her full bladder.

Kelly was in a large indoors gymnasium back at college, and the bleachers were packed with what looked like nearly everyone in the college. But the crowd wasn't there to watch a sports game, they were there to watch a beer drinking marathon contest between Kelly and her arch-rival Zora. Each round a large pile of bottles & cans of beer were placed before both women. The more rounds each woman had won, the more extra bottles of beer they had in their pile to drink in future rounds. Whenever Zora or Kelly won the round by drinking all their beer before their opponent they would win $100.

Unlike real life where her and Zora gotten a several hour break between the drinking contests, there was barely any break at all in between the beer contests in Kelly's dream. There were also no bathroom breaks whatsoever during the beer drinking marathon, unless the referee said otherwise. Kelly was getting very desperate for a bathroom break, the contest had been going on for three days already in her dream, and the referee hadn't given her or Zora a single bathroom break. Members of the audience were surely making bets on when Kelly and Zora would pee themselves from all the beer they had been drinking.

But the lack of a bathroom break and her desperate need to pee weren't what made the dream a nightmare for Kelly. It was that Zora had consistently been humiliating her by winning all the rounds of the beer drinking contests. Each time she won Zora would arrogantly ask to be given more extra beer to drink in all future rounds then the rules called for, "to keep things interesting", and "to really earn my $100 winnings". Zora looked at Kelly like a predator looks at its pray, and announced "I may have to drink triple beer you do in the next round Kelly, but I'm confident it won't hinder my ability to beat you yet again".

Her blood boiling now, Kelly told Zora "you'll regret that arrogance when I crush you woman".

"Oh maybe I'll regret it later" replied Zora in a mock boredom voice, "but only when all that extra beer I've volunteered to drink hits my iron bladder and makes me have to pee a lot worse. I won't lose to you in this beer drinking contest".

The referee soon brought out 4 massive jugs of beer, 1 for Kelly, and 3 for Zora, and told Zora and Kelly to start drinking. Kelly felt her bursting bladder getting more and more desperate as she drank. Kelly had worn loose fitting jeans, and comfortable sneakers to try to make things a bit easier on herself, even if she knew it wasn't the hottest outfit she had. But right now Kelly's outfit didn't seem to be helping her. Kelly's bladder was so bulged out with several days of drinking that even her loose jeans were squeezing down ruthlessly hard on her rock hard bladder bulge. Kelly couldn't help but squirm around desperately with one hand jammed into her pussy as she tried to drink the beer as quickly as possible.

But Zora's bladder must surely be in a much worse state from all the extra beer she's had the last few days Kelly found herself hoping as she drank. Unlike Kelly, Zora's outfit went for looking hot and sexy over being practical for the several day long holding contest they were having. Zora had tight skinny jeans on, which no doubt were getting even tighter as Zora's bladder filled up with loads of boiling hot piss. They had to be squeezing Zora's rock hard bladder bulge even more ruthlessly than Kelly's jeans were. Worse yet, Zora had gone for a pair of sexy 6 inch high heels for her footwear, with her bladder so full each step had to be torture on Zora in those things, what had she been thinking to wear them Kelly wondered.

Kelly glanced at Zora, and saw her squirming around in desperation, a fist jammed into her pussy, urgently needing to expel her bladder's heavy load of hot pent up piss. Kelly smiled for a brief moment at her arch rival suffering from her own arrogance catching up to her from all the extra beer she had drank the last few days. But Kelly knew she was also in trouble soon if she didn't get a bathroom break. She began squirming around even more urgently than Zora was. Kelly prayed she could release her boiling load of pent up piss soon.

Kelly finally finished drinking from her massive jug of beer, only to be shocked to realize that Zora had finished drinking from all 3 of her massive jugs of beer already. Kelly was pissed off yet again at losing, but she didn't have time to be angry when the referee started talking.

"Alright ladies listen up" said the referee. "This beer drinking marathon has been going on for several days now without either of you being offered a chance for a pee break. This is going to be your first chance to visit the ladies room and take a pee break in several days. Take it if you want, it's up to you. But be warned this is going to be your first and only chance for a pee break for at least the next week. So think long and hard if you really want to break the seal or not".

Kelly didn't need to be told twice, without even looking at Zora she bolted from the room and towards the ladies room. Regardless of the risks of breaking the seal coming back to haunt her later, Kelly simply had to pee now! For a moment Kelly thought sweet relief was in sight as she ran inside the ladies room, until she saw the state of the ladies room. There were only two stalls, both had urine all over their toilet seat and the floor from the last person, as if she had missed the toilet bowl entirely. Both stalls were also out of toilet paper. Disgusted, Kelly went to grab some paper towels, only to realize that there weren't any, there was only a hand dryer.

Before Kelly could decide what to do in her dream Zora joined her in the ladies room, while drinking from a modestly sized bottle of beer. Kelly felt an extra added pang of desperation at the sight of Zora's unnecessary drinking, and the thought of how much worse off Zora's bursting bladder must be with all the extra beer she had consumed. "Zora, someone made a disgusting mess peeing all over the place, and she used up all the toilet paper!" Kelly informed her as she fidgeted around like mad, desperately gripping her pussy for dear life.

Zora rolled her eyes as if that news were only a slight inconvenience to her. "Oh well then, I guess we won't be peeing during this break" shrugged Zora calmly, barely even squirming despite the much heavier load of pent up boiling piss sitting in her bladder. "It's no big deal for me, I was debating with myself not taking a pee break when they offered it anyway. I can wait for another pee break like a proper lady would when there's no sanitary toilets to use, even if it's going to be another long hard wait with a lot of drinking until we get a chance to pee again".

Kelly felt unnerved by her rival's sudden calm demeanor and confidence, Zora had been squirming around madly in desperation just like Kelly a minute ago. Surely this was a bluff Kelly thought, as her own bladder begged for relief that she had no way to give it, short of shamefully peeing on the floor. Zora had to be under a tremendous strain keeping her bursting bladder's dam shut, no matter how calmly she acted outwardly, just thinking about it made Kelly even more desperate. Maybe deep down Zora knew she couldn't beat Kelly's iron bladder, so she wanted to give herself a credible excuse for losing the battle of the iron bladders to Kelly that would make Zora look like the real winner. What better excuse for that then for Zora to not pee while Kelly did? That had to be it, of course Kelly desperately thought!. "Oh, well if you aren't going to take a pee break either I'll be fine with waiting to" Kelly said, calling Zora's bluff.

Kelly's arch rival practically laughed right in her face. "I see right through you Kelly, you can't hold it much longer. You're bursting to release several days worth of pent up boiling piss, just like me, but thanks to the filthy state of the ladies room you can't. Worse yet, you know that even though I've had a lot more beer then you I can still hold it for a while longer, unlike you" she said.

Kelly felt herself getting more desperate by the second as she watched Zora take a long gulp from her beer bottle. It was like the more Zora tortured herself and filled her bladder the more desperate Kelly got in this dream.

"Go ahead, drop your jeans and piss on the floor like a dog would, rather than a bladder queen" Zora laughed. "That's the only way it looks like you're getting a pee break in here Kelly. I'll even watch while continuing to hold my own boiling flood of pent up piss back, which is bursting to come out of my pussy right now. Is that enough of a handicap on me for you to make this competition interesting?".

That taunting got Kelly's blood boiling. She would make Zora pay dearly for her arrogance. Kelly tried to make her way out of the ladies room, but each step was agony on her unrelieved bladder, increasing her desperate need tenfold. Zora moved rapidly in her 6 inch high heels to block the door.

"Are you sure you really want to make that mistake?" Zora asked as she waved her half empty bottle of beer in front of her, the beer sloshing around just like the urine in Kelly's bursting bladder. The reminder of all the beer she had drank sent renewed jolts of desperation through her whole body. "A pee would feel really good right now, with all that beer sloshing around in both our poor bladders, wouldn't it Kelly? It's not easy to hold it in these tight skinny jeans and uncomfortable 6 inch high heels. I really have to pee bad right now, I don't know if I'd be able to resist the urge and hold it any longer if you started to pee in front of me Kelly".

Kelly wanted to bravely turn the sink's faucet on full force to watch Zora piss her arrogant self from the sight of running water, just so that she could retort "I guess you couldn't resist the urge any longer, even without me peeing a drop". It would be such a satisfying way to show the arrogant woman who the real bladder queen was. But she couldn't. The agony of Kelly's bursting bladder finally became too much for her just as Zora predicted. Kelly began to piss her jeans in the ladies room, right in front of Zora.

"Well that'll sure be embarrassing" laughed dream Zora, "I told you to pee on the floor, not in your jeans. Just wait until the crowd sees you pissed yourself during the break". Kelly tried to regain control, but it was no use, the pee began to gush out of her even faster. Zora had to step back to avoid standing in Kelly's growing puddle of urine. "By the way, you heard the referee, this is my only chance to pee for at least another week. I'm already dying to pee right now, but unlike you I'm still going to keep holding it and skip my pee break, just to prove how weak your pathetic bladder is" Zora added with snark.

Before Kelly's nightmare could continue any longer, Kelly woke up frantically desperate, but somehow still dry.

