The Internship

Author: fullbladder

*000*2016-11-05 08:02

Fernanda had never expected this. Here she was, an international MBA student, completing the final requirement of her degree somehow bound in a maze of restraints and electronic gadgets. She wasn’t really complaining- she had always been a very sexual person and getting a chance to spend 4 months at S3X Enterprises instead of some boring office job had been a real treat. However, it didn’t change the fact that she was now in her underwear trying out a sex machine in front of her co-workers.

She knew she shouldn’t be feeling so exposed. It really was a great working environment. She had seen most of the researchers watching her already try out various machines in the past ten weeks. It was the only way to develop new technology- they weren’t supposed to be testing anything on humans until the machines were approved by regulators. However, those crash test dummies couldn’t emulate human behavior near well enough so the researchers just took turns testing the new technology in secret. It was actually good fun- they all had their share of orgasms in front of each other and drinks plus giggles afterwards.

Fernanda had never had sex in public so she had been quite nervous about being put “on display”. She could also sense that all her male co-workers had been eagerly awaiting her turn. She was very pretty- 26 years old with a curvy Brazilian body. She stood 5’ 8 with 38C breasts, light brown skin and dark hair. She had felt all eyes on her as she had shyly stripped down to her bra and panties and climbed up to the giant machine. Even a few people who usually weren’t involved with product testing had turned up to enjoy the show.

S3X Enterprises was the global leader in sexual technology. There was the usual mainstream stuff like dildos, vibrators, sybians, and restraints. However, they also developed less common, fetish-specialty technology which Fernanda couldn’t even dream up. Many times, she had Googled fetishes after work to confirm they were actually a thing. Some of the stuff grossed her out but a lot of it was intriguing. She wondered if her boyfriend back home would be interested in trying a few new things when she got back…

Unfortunately for Fernanda, an “out-there” machine was being tested today. It was a project she had not been involved with at all so it was her first time hearing about it. She was to be restrained in a machine that could torture its victim in a variety of ways. There was a hair-pulling arm, a slapping hand in front of her face, a spanking hand beneath her ass, pinching and tickling fingers all around her body. There was also huge bottle attached to the mechanism with a straw leading to her mouth. The bottle was filled with wine. She was instructed that the only way to stop a torture was to drink wine until the specific gadget stopped moving. The longer she endured a torture, the less wine would have to be consumed.

Fernanda suspected she would be completely drunk by the time her hour in the horrible machine was up. It was probably a whole other fetish around getting a girl wasted out of her mind. She had no interested in looking like a fool in front of her coworkers, either by saying dumb things or puking her guts out all over her own boobs and the machine. She would try to drink as little as possible.

As per usual procedure, the machine was mounted on a five-foot platform so everyone could observe the testing clearly. It took almost thirty minutes to get her restrained in place and the machine set up just right. In addition to the torture devices, there were physiological sensors set up to monitor her heartbeat, sweat rate, blood pressure, even vaginal wetness which was an indicator of sexual excitement. As the computer operator entered a time of 60 minutes on the large clock in front of her, Fernanda realized she had a mild need for the toilet. Her morning coffee was working its way down to her bladder- she should have peed before starting, especially considering she was going to be tickled. Oh well, it was too late now- she could wait one hour. If things got risqué with the tickling, she would just gulp fast to end the torture.

The testing started and nothing happened for the first few minutes. Fernanda realized that now knowing what was going to happen when was an added torture in itself. She stared anxiously at the hand in front of her wondering if it would slap her. What about the spanking hand beneath her, poised to embarrass her in front of dozens of people?

Suddenly, she felt pinching. The fingers around her rapidly attacked her everywhere- her sides, her legs, her arms, her breasts, her butt. It really hurt and the intensity seemed to increase to an unbearable level in mere seconds. Fernanda yelped and eagerly drank from the straw, trying to end the pinching as quickly as possible. The wine tasted great despite the fact she couldn’t really enjoy it. At least they had given her the courtesy of a fine wine. A handful of gulps later, the pinching abruptly stopped and Fernanda gulped down the liquid in her mouth to gasp and catch her breath. She could see red pinch marks all over her body. They still stung fiercely, though there wasn’t any bleeding.

Fernanda cautiously glanced at the audience watching her. Some of the women seemed sympathetic to her ordeal, but all the men seemed overtly eager to see more. She felt a growing anxiety in the pit of her stomach. Damn them all, enjoying the show. It took a while for Fernanda to realize the next torture had already started. Her ponytail was slowly being yanked back and twisted in a counter-clockwise direction. The pinching had started so suddenly that she had not expected the next event to be so gradual! She closed her lips on the straw again before remembering her promise to herself about not getting too drunk. She could certainly handle a little more hair-pulling!

Fernanda tilted her head back as far as she could as the hand continued pulling on her hair. She kept the straw between her teeth so that she could start drinking at any time. Hopefully she wouldn’t have to drink as much as last time. Maybe it was just her imagination, but she could feel a light buzz already.

The clock in front of her said only seven minutes had passed. She clenched her jaw tight as the pain increased. Her scalp was really starting to hurt. Stubbornly she refused to drink and shut her eyes trying to survive another few seconds. Finally, when it seemed like her hair was going to be pulled right out of her skull, she sucked on the straw hard. To her surprise, the hand let go right away. She must have been close to outlasting the torture without any drinking! She felt confidence swell up inside her as she vowed to perform even better in the upcoming episode.

A couple long minutes passed before the hand in front of her swung suddenly and violently to hit the right side of her face. Tears immediately swelled up in Fernanda’s eyes as she struggled to recover from the shocking attack. She blinked rapidly, trying to clear her watery vision so she could locate the hand as well as the straw before it was too late. As she desperately closed her lips on the straw, the hand struck her again from the left, knocking away the straw once more. Both sides of face stung now- she knew she could not risk another blow where she was already severely hurting. She ignored the tears streaming down her face to close her lips around the straw again and gulped like no tomorrow. She prayed internally that she would be able stop the torture before another slap came and knocked the straw away once more. At long last, the hand reset to the center position in front of Fernanda’s face and she released the straw in relief.

Her face was burning and she knew the redness and her tears were visible .She tried to stop weeping as she lowered her face to avoid facing her audience. She had seen men and women alike cry during their testing turns and she had never thought too much of it. However, crying seemed so much more shameful with her as the centre of attention. She had to keep a strong face in front of her coworkers.

A few minutes passed and Fernanda’s pain subsided. She had stopped crying- the alcohol was helping numb her senses. She was feeling tipsy and realized her plan to limit wine intake was failing horribly. Forty minutes still remained and she reckoned she would be punch-drunk in another twenty. What did it matter anyway- her coworkers had seen her getting sexually abused in her underwear. What could drunk Fernanda possibly do to make things worse?

Fernanda half-dozed from the effect of the wine, but was rapidly awakened by a stark spanking on her bottom. She gasped audibly but quickly clenched her glutes to brace for the next impact. She felt embarrassed at being spanked in public, but reminded herself that it was just a machine not a man. She stuck the straw in her mouth again but refused to drink yet- she could handle at least another spank.

The hand struck her large round ass again with a very audible SPLAT! This one stung more than the last but Fernanda stubbornly held on. She could see excitement on some of her coworkers’ faces; spanking was obviously one of the more common turn-ons out there. She ignored them as another smack struck her, seemingly even harder than the last. Still, she didn’t drink, fighting the powerful urge to surrender. She could survive one more. She was tough enough- her angry maniac of a father had spanked her many times as a child. She would drink after the next one. This was personal.

The next spank made Fernanda cry out in pain. The straw fell from her mouth and tears ran down her face once again. Pain ran through her body, from her butt down to her feet and up to her shoulders. Before she could even think about recovering the straw and stopping the torture, a final smack nailed her. The sharpest wave of pain yet shackled through her poor body as Fernanda howled again, no longer caring how she appeared to her coworkers. She finally regained some sense after a few minutes and scrambled to relocate the straw before realizing the massive hand behind her had locked into its original position a while ago. She would not have to drink this time- a mild consolation to her physical pain.

The spanking had seemed to kick-start her bladder. Fernanda felt an urge to pee again, although not too severe. All the torture had taken her mind off her bladder since the beginning of the testing, but now all the wine drinking was making her bladder’s urges tough to ignore. Soon, she would really need the toilet. She was somehow starting to feel a growing a growing sexual excitement as she observed men all around her obviously turned on by her show. Several of them had their hands in their pockets and appeared to be battling erections in their pants. Fernanda wondered if her excitement could be diagnosed on the sensors.

Fernanda was fully expecting the tickling to be next, since it was the only torture left. However, she was startled by a quick yank to her pony tail- the type she had received in middle school from her crushes. Before she could make sense of the surprise, the hand in front of her slapped her face. She felt stinging pain on her right cheek again and closed her mouth on the straw. Before she could drink, her hair was yanked back again and she inadvertently released the straw again. She knew another slap was coming- she had to drink fast. She got a couple of gulps in before the slap came from the left side. This time she hung on to the straw and kept drinking. She didn’t stop until the hand in front of her centred itself again.

She felt really drunk now, not to mentioned rattled- the world in front of her looked hazy. She wondered how much more she would have to drink. She couldn’t see the large bottle beside her head but she suspected she had drunk a lot of it already. To make matters worse, Fernanda’s need to pee was intensifying rapidly. The alcohol was having a diuretic effect and her bladder was filling faster than she drank. She shifted her butt and she looked up at the clock anxiously. There were still twenty-five minutes to go! Her filling bladder was yet another form of torture piled on to her misery.

Finally, the tickling came. Fernanda roared with laughter as the fingers attacked her again. They tickled her armpits, her feet, her limbs. She squirmed in place and squeezed her thighs together as tightly as she could. She could feel her bladder struggling to retain her urine as the violent fit of laughter rippled through her entire body. She urgently sucked at the straw, laughing helplessly as she drank. Wine spilled from her nose and ran down her young voluptuous body. Finally, the tickling stopped.

Fernanda kept her legs pressed together as she recovered from the tickling. That had been close- she had almost wet her panties. She really had to go now. She shifted her hips, trying to ease the discomfort. It was hard enough enduring all this torture but worrying about not peeing herself was too much! Fernanda realized that she was in serious danger of having an accident before this was over. Another tickling session would surely end her. Even a spanking might be enough to make her pee. With twenty minutes to go, those things could easily happen again!

Fernanda uneasily scanned the crowd around her. She was too drunk to even recite most of their names but she still couldn’t announce her need. She almost yelled out to Sarah, the testing supervisor, that she needed a bathroom break but couldn’t get herself to do it in front of so many people. So, she bit her lower lip and nervously awaited the next abuse.

Surprisingly, it was nothing she expected. A pleasant and familiar sensation arose in her crotch. She looked down to see a set of fingers masturbating her pussy through the cotton cloth of her panties. She sighed in both relief and pleasure- finally something nice from this damned machine! The large hand which had spanked her a few minutes ago rose up to “hold” her ass as she got finger-fucked. Two more sets of fingers cupped and massaged her breasts through the silk bra.

Fernanda moaned with pleasure in her drunken haze. It had been so long since she had sex- much too long. She got lost in the magical moment as her breathing intensified- she was approaching climax. A sudden and sharp pang from her full bladder immediately shifted her back to reality. She clenched her urethra and clamped her legs shut, fighting off the natural urge to orgasm. She was about to lose control! If she came, she would surely wet herself in front of everyone. Peeing her panties, in addition to climaxing! She could not let that happen!

“Stop!” She gasped, no longer caring who heard her. “I need to PEE!”

Sarah made no move to end the testing and the computer operator continued to let the machine run. The rubbing against her vagina intensified- the fingers were now vibrating as they massaged her most intimate region. Fernanda felt another wave of desperation shiver through her body. She just barely stopped her pee from escaping her pee-hole into her panties.

“PLEASE!” she yelled. “I’M GOING TO PEE MYSELF!”

Once again, nobody moved. There were clear erections in the pants of every man watching, as the extremely attractive South American woman helplessly struggled not to orgasm in public. Fernanda finally remembered what she had to do. She stuck the straw in her mouth yet again and drank heavily. The rubbing stopped just in time- she was seconds from orgasm. Her body screamed at being denied an earth-shattering orgasm and she involuntarily thrust her wet crotch in the direction of the fingers, craving further touching. She would have to finish herself off later in the privacy of the women’s room.

The thought snapped her mind right back to her bladder. She was dangerously close to having an accident! She could barely make out the clock with her blurry vision- ten minutes still remained! There was no way she could wait that long! She wiggled in place, helplessly bound as waves of pee desperation ran through her. She could see her bladder bulging as the feelings of intense pleasure in her pussy made way to feelings of intense pain.

“I NEED TO PEEEEEEE!” she screamed. “Please let me GOOOOOOOOO!” She was far too drunk to care about how she looked now to her coworkers. The only thing that mattered was getting to a toilet before she pissed herself. Still, no one responded to her wails. It shouldn’t have surprised her- she had seen many tests before. They were never stopped unless the tester was in real danger. Nearly all women begged to be let go before they succumbed to orgasm in front of their associates.

Five minutes ticked by like five years and somehow Fernanda held on. Her panties were wet already- was it from her sexual excitement or her pee? She didn’t know. She was certain the damp spot was visible on the thin violet cloth, but couldn’t see past her engorged bladder to verify for herself. She prayed there was no more torture. Only five minutes to go- she might make it... might.

Suddenly, she felt pressure on her stomach. The machine’s fingers were now pushing on bladder, making it nearly impossible to control her pee. “NOOOOOOOOOO!” She screamed to no avail, “Make it STOOOOOOP!”

She was crying now, struggling valiantly to prevent a wetting accident. The incredible urge to surrender to her bladder’s demands pulsated through her but she somehow pushed her legs together and held on. Then, a hard surprise spank on her bottom. It was too much. She felt herself leak and felt a damp spot on the crotch of her panties. She felt a couple of warm drops splash at her bound feet as she struggled to regain control, only barely succeeding. The clock showed three minutes to go now- another spank was coming. She had to drink NOW!

The wine seemed to flow right through her tense body straight into her bladder. She cried as she drank, knowing she had no choice. Another spank came as the fingers continued to exert incredible pressure on her tummy. Naturally, she lost control again. A longer squirt escaped her pussy this time, her hot pee running down her legs for everyone to see. She wondered what the point of struggling any longer was- she had already wet herself. Everyone was seeing her wet her panties. Yet, she somehow soldiered on trying to save the little dignity she had left by not having a full-blown accident.

There was one last spank on her wet butt before she had finally drunk enough to halt this final gruesome torture. She almost lost complete control this time, just barely clenching the flow after three seconds of peeing down her legs. Her pee was flowing off the machine now, dripping to the floor. The fingers released her stomach, but the struggle to contain her pee seemed just as torturous. The final minute finally ticked off the clock and a few researchers walked over to undo Fernanda’s binds.

The machine powered down as Sarah worked to unbuckle Fernanda’s feet. Fernanda knew she couldn’t hold on a moment longer- she was going to empty her bladder where she stood, plain and simple. “Please… I’m going to -” Her voice broke off into crying as her piss flooded her panties and drenched her boss below her. Sarah calmly continued to unbuckle her feet as the warm liquid ran down her hair and face to soak her thin white blouse, making it transparent. Fernanda looked on in shock as the attractive blonde’s breasts became unveiled to everyone there.

Sarah waited until Fernanda’s binds were finally undone before helping her down from the machine. “Well, that went rather well don’t you think?” she remarked with a warm smile, as men around them looked on in utter shock. “Let’s go get cleaned up.”

She led a very drunk and wet Fernanda to her personal restroom. Later that day, Fernanda accepted a permanent offer of employment with S3X Enterprises.

