How to Become an Adult Bed Wetter in Two Weeks

Author: fullbladder

*000*2017-08-01 16:59

“Do you wish to achieve fully clothed bed wetting, just panties, or nude?”

“Well… I usually sleep in panties so let’s try for that if we can.” Kimberly couldn’t believe her own words. Wetting the bed would have been a deeply humiliating experience for her just a few weeks ago. Yet here she was trying to train herself to wet her husband’s bed as he slept by her side.

“Not a problem, ma’am. Just sign here indicating that you fully permit us to detrain your bladder in the next two weeks.” The curvy brunette named Sue tapped her pen on the dotted line. Kimberly blushed and quickly signed her name.

This was her anniversary gift to her husband, Brad. They had a wonderful sex life. At least, it had been wonderful until she had discovered omorashi porn on her husband’s laptop a month ago. She hadn’t even known that word, much less her husband’s fetish until that point. They had dated for nearly three years before getting married and he had never uttered a word, not even after she had wet herself once on a roller coaster ride. Thinking back, she suspected he had totally planned that accident. She had drunk three beers and he had persisted the lineup for the port-a-potty was too long and her pee break could wait until after the ride.

After she had asked him about the porn, they had not had sex for nearly two weeks. She began experimenting with wetting her panties on her own in secret. She had realized that she quite enjoyed getting desperate to the point of loss of control. One day, she decided it was about time to get husband pounding her on a nightly basis again. She mischievously gulped down several glasses of water throughout the day and inadvertently squirted in her skin-tight jeans a few times as she prepared dinner. When her husband came home, she blissfully released her flood through her pants onto the kitchen floor. She had just enough time to shut off the gas stove as her helplessly horny husband lifted his still-peeing wife from her feet and took her into the bedroom to fuck her.

Since then, they had a ton of fun with pee-play. She absolutely loved it when he drank to bursting point and relieved himself all over her sexy body. However, there was one thing still on her mind. Her husband had deleted the porn from his laptop, but she still remembered there had been some bedwetting videos amongst the hundreds of clips with women soaking their pants. Kimberly had tried to pee in bed in the middle of the night but had been unable to let go, despite the fact that she had now laid a mattress protector beneath their bedsheets.

Kimberly felt a slight need to pee as she cautiously made her way through the stained-glass door behind the young receptionist’s desk. She was pleased to see two women inside already- at least she wasn’t the only “freak” into this stuff. An older blonde lady had her legs crossed as she absentmindedly played with her phone. The other woman, a young redhead, looked over at Kimberly anxiously as she waited for the lesson to begin. Another blonde scrambled through the door a few seconds before the instructor, a curvy redhead called for attention.

“OK ladies, I’m Marla- let’s get started! Janice, you’re good to go- here, take your sleeping pill and grab a bed. The rest of you, come over to the water cooler so you can fill up!” Janice immediately retrieved the pill from Marla and made her way to an air mattress on the far side of the room. There were no blankets on the mattresses- Kimberley wondered if she would get to see Janice pee soon. To her surprise, Janice slipped out of her dress on her way to the far mattress and lied down stark naked. The other women began drinking water as instructed while making small talk. It turned out Janice had taken the course several times to keep her bedwetting accidents as frequent and wet as possible.

“I think you’re ready for your pill.” Marla said to Kimberly after a few cups of water. Kimberly was finding it hard to stand still and fighting the urge to grab her crotch in front of her company. Kimberly obediently downed the sleeping pill with a final gulp of water and left the group to pick out her own mattress. She shyly stripped off her jeans, feeling increasingly excited about waking up soaked. Now in her bra and panties, she lied down and gazed ahead at Janice’s naked bum as she attempted to ignore her protesting bladder and fall asleep. Suddenly, a pool of urine began growing around the attractive blonde’s ass. Kimberly desperately tried to stay awake to fully observe her classmate’s accident, but her eyes grew heavy and everything went black.

*004*2017-08-04 15:21

Kimberly’s hand was in its usual morning spot as she enjoyed a sexy dream- between her legs. Brad been drinking beers on the couch and he had to pee badly. She wasn’t letting him get into the bathroom, blocking the way and teasing as he struggled to elbow her out of the way without letting go of his crotch. Finally, he could wait no longer- he pulled out his penis and directed a hot torrent at his wife. Brad’s member grew excited as Kimberly’s white tank top became transparent with warm yellow wetness and his stream arched higher, all over her face. Without opening her eyes, Kimberly rubbed her clitoris hard through her panties. Her hubby had caught her rubbing and moaning away a few times just like this. He loved seeing his babe getting herself off on a dirty fantasy.

Wait- her panties felt unusually warm… and wet. Kimberly’s eyes flew open in mid-masturbation and she remembered where she was. She looked down at her legs to discover a soaked bed. She flipped over to find Marla and Janice looking down at her with amused smiles. Janice was still nude, with wetness glistening all the way down her legs. Embarrassed, Kimberly yanked her hand away from her crotch and attempted to sit up on the bed. She realized that she needed to pee quite badly and quickly grabbed her crotch again to prevent another accident.

“Relax and let it go, honey,” Marla instructed, “You need to get used to wetting the bed.” Kimberly realized there was no point in disagreeing with her teacher. The ultimate goal of all this was to become a bed wetter and her bed was already drenched anyway. She released the grip on her pussy and attempted to relax her clenched vaginal muscles. To her pleasant surprise, she began re-wetting her panties immediately and a pleasantly warm lake of pee formed around her ass. She sighed deeply and collapsed back onto the bed, looking up at her eager audience.

“Feeling better?” Janice asked rhetorically. Kimberly closed her eyes and smiled in reply. “Come on, let’s watch the other two wake up in their own pee,” Janice joked as Kimberley finally finished peeing. She immediately got up to join the two ladies, not needing a second invitation. This was going to be an interesting couple of weeks.

*006*2017-08-06 17:22

Kimberly waited nervously as she took another careful sip of water. What a week it had been. She had wet herself countless times under different conditions. Marla had gradually reduced the sleeping pill dosage given to the girls so they would eventually be able to pee during their natural sleep. Tabitha had quit the class after the first day- she was too humiliated about waking up in a soaked bed in front of strangers. Nancy had not been able to wet her bed, accidently or purposefully, since the first day- she simply had too many inhibitions to go ahead with her boyfriend’s watersports fantasies. Still, Marla encouraged the twenty-year-old to keep practicing, even if it was just peeing through her panties into the toilet. Janice was wetting herself at least twice each nap. Kimberly assumed she was a natural bed wetter, but Janice assured her that this was the reward of many years of diligent practice.

Kimberly was having mixed success- sometimes she peed involuntarily as she slept but sometimes she had to willingly she had to forcefully void her bladder after she woke. No matter, she was happy with her progress, especially since she was getting closer to soaking her own bed. Last night, she had woken up from a desperate dream on the verge of wetting the bed. In a panic, she had scrambled out of the bed and into the washroom. She had started leaking before getting to the toilet, just managing to get her butt on the seat before the dam completely burst. She decided against looking for a fresh pair of panties in the dark and had just crawled into bed in her soiled pair. Fortunately, Brad had been in a rush to get to work the next morning so he failed to notice his wife’s nighttime accident. Kimberley really wanted to save this surprise for their anniversary night, but it seemed as if a real accident was bound to happen soon completely against her will.

Today, Kimberly was waiting for Marla to arrive at her house. Marla was going to coach her into wetting her own bed! Marla had promised that this was an important step is achieving total night-time incontinence at home. To Kimberly’s surprise, Marla stepped out of the car in a sexy white nightgown with frilly red lingerie underneath. As she made her way to the front porch where Kimberly stood, her desperation was obvious. Kimberly stood speechless as fierce pangs from her own bladder sent warning signs of fullness.

“Well, are you going to invite me in or just stand there gawking until I soak my knickers in front of your neighbours?”

Kimberly came to her senses and quickly stepped aside so Marla could enter the house. Watching those thick hips sway and show off the bikini-cut lace panties tempted her to reach out for a squeeze, but she resisted her primal urges. Marla guessed correctly where the bedroom was and hopped into bed. Excited, Kimberly followed her in, stripping off Brad’s worn dress shirt to reveal silk violet lingerie underneath. Marla extended her arm out to caress her perky breast as she leaned in for a kiss. Kimberly took the liberty of reaching down to squeeze her instructor’s busty ass, which had intrigued her since the first lesson.

As the kiss finally ended, Marla reached into Kimberly’s panties and began gently messaging her vaginal region. Kimberly’s thighs clamped together as an overwhelming urge to urinate overcame her. Then, Marla got even more aggressive. She climbed on top of her bedmate and sat directly on her bladder. “Let it go, Kim,” she whispered as she intensified her rubbing. “You know you want to. You know you have to.”

Kimberly resisted valiantly as her bladder pulsed hard. The growing sexual excitement from Marla’s stroking was not helping matters. Her desperation mounted as Marla started rocking back and forth on top of her, grinding her wet pussy on her bladder. Oh how good it would feel to just let it all go.

Marla moaned with a quick shudder. Then Kimberly felt a wet warmth spreading on her swollen belly- Marla was peeing her panties. It was too much. Kimberly shrieked as she came, soaking her own panties and the bed underneath.

She relaxed as the strain of her full bladder was finally lifted from her tortured body. Marla’s powerful waterfall continued to flow down Kimberly's youthful body as the two pee streams combined to form a massive lake on the bed. Kimberly had done it- she had finally wet her bed.

*008*2017-08-08 04:54

The two-week course had finally come to an end with Marla teaching the class self-hypnosis. It was the final step to achieving nighttime urinary incontinence. Kimberly doubted she needed it. She had experienced several near floods over the last few days. It was a minor miracle that she had somehow avoided a full-blown wetting with all the erotic peeing dreams she had been having.

Last night, she had awoken from a vivid dream where she was having a holding contest with Marla. Marla had lost and soaked her tight green dress but Kimberly’s own wetting wasn’t far behind. She squirted as she struggled to get to the toilet before disgracing herself. It was only a few feet away and yet it seemed to be drifting further and further away as she dashed towards it…

That’s when she woke up. Her hand was gripping her wet crotch and there was a damp spot on the bed beneath her. She scrambled out of bed, nearly losing complete control. She squirted hard as she moved to the washroom and her pee dripped down on the carpet below. Again, there was no point in pulling down her panties since they were already drenched. She peed forcefully through her underwear into the toilet, absentmindedly pushing a towel across the bathroom floor with her foot to clean up some of the accident.

She wondered if waking up in a peed bed was something Brad even wanted. Perhaps bed wetting was something he enjoyed seeing in porn but would find gross in real life. Should she even bother continuing on with this idea?

“Why is the carpet wet, honey?” Brad asked the next morning.

“Oh, I refilled my glass last night and a bit must have spilled while I walked back to bed.” Kimberly lied, inventing on the fly.

“The wet trail is coming from the bathroom though.”

“Yeah, I figured it would be easier to just refill my glass there rather than go into the cold kitchen.” Kimberly purposefully grabbed the glass of water on the bedside table next to her and took a long sip. She could still feel her moist panties clinging to her labia under the bedsheets.

Brad shrugged and turned away to get ready for work.

16 hours later, Kimberly looked at herself in the bathroom mirror. Like every night, she reached into the bathroom cabinet to reach for a 500ml water bottle. Tomorrow was their anniversary. She would have a bed wetting accident tonight.

*012*2017-08-09 22:28

Thanks for the kind comments! Words of encouragement really help a writer along! This is the end of my short story- hope to write another one soon! Until next time, stay wet everyone!

“It is time for bed now. I will go to sleep and not wake up until morning. I have drunk a lot of water and will need to pee during the night. I will not wake up to use the toilet. No, I will wet my bed as I sleep. This is okay. This is what I want. I want to be an adult bed wetter.”

Kimberly grew excited as she spoke the special words to herself in the mirror. Marla had given this final instruction to her students earlier that day. Kimberly exited the washroom and slowly made her way to bed, giving her husband some time to admire her barely clothed body. She stripped off her bra and let him pull down her panties as she got into bed to join him.

As always, he rolled over immediately after sex which gave her the opportunity to hit the play button on her music player. This was Marla’s parting gift to her- a CD full of water flowing sounds which were scientifically proven to help people pee. Kimberly made sure to keep the volume low enough so that only she could hear the CD. Despite her anxiety and excitement, she soon drifted off to sleep.

“Wake up, honey- you’ve wet the bed.” Brad was shaking her awake. Kimberly immediately pushed the covers off her body to reveal a massive accident covering the entire bed. The glistening wetness covered her feet, legs, crotch, and tummy.

She quietly looked over at her husband who was now hungrily eying her drenched panties with a massive hard-on poking a tent in his wet briefs, which had also not escaped his wife’s accident.

“Oops, I’m sorry, babe. I’ve been a naughty girl.” Kimberly said seductively. He immediately locked his lips into hers and furiously rubbed her vulva through the soiled panties. She worked on his penis, making it harder still. He sighed as she freed his organ from the tight wet briefs. He ripped off her soiled panties and entered her. She moaned as he pumped roughly into her. She reached down to apply pressure on her clit and screamed as her husband’s systemic rocking moved her hand up and down her most sensitive body part. They came together and she blissfully emptied her bladder onto the bed again.

He finally rolled off her and lay down on the warm, wet bed next to her. “Kim, that was just… amazing.” He panted, out of breath.

“Happy first anniversary, love.” She replied. Kimberly was now officially an adult bed wetter.

