How to entertain yourself in the apocalypse

Author: Felix12

*000*2020-03-28 15:46

Lacey loved the apocalypse. Sure, it got tough sometimes. Often she found herself running for her life or doing things she never thought herself previously capable of and yeah, like everyone else she lost many loved ones, but you learn to cope and find the little joys in life. Now she was free to do whatever she wanted including indulging in her favorite fetish. Peeing, and sometimes even pooping, her pants whenever she fucking wanted.

Lacey now called a little fortress in West Virginia home, but most of her days were spent scavenging for supplies in surrounding towns and cities. Most of the scavenger parties were groups of 5 who were able to watch each others backs and protect from any of the infected in the area, but Lacey was the exception. She was invisible to the infected and in fact was infected herself. She was one of the few people who were simply carriers of the virus and never actually showed any symptoms. Most like that were killed in the initial outbreak when people were panicking. Now Lacey was probably the only one known to be left.

She wandered through a town called Bear's Creek. Calling it a town was a bit of a stretch, though. More like a village. The scavengers have all overlooked it for the most part thinking it wouldn't bring in a good enough haul to warrant the risk. Lacey was bored though and had been nearby in Fairmont on a bust run. All she got was a few tubes of antibiotic cream and a new pair of pants for herself. She went through a lot in summers. She spent most of her trips indulging.

There was a handful of infected standing around on the main street, if you could even call it a main street, and a few abandoned cars. The town looked to be untouched. Everyone probably fled to a nearby quarantine zone leaving few behind to loot or get infected.

The drugstore looked promising. The window was unbroken and when she tried the handle it was still locked.

Sure enough, after fixing the window problem, Lacey found the little pharmacy to be rich in antibiotics, heart medication, insulin, painkillers and a handful of other little things the fortress might want. One other little thing she found was a pack of adult diapers. She didn't often like using them, preferring to simply go in her pants, but sometimes they were a nice change of pace. All packed up, Lacey set out to explore the rest of this sad little town.

As she was walking down the street, Lacey felt her bladder remind her of the two canteens of water she had already consumed that morning. She opened her gait and let loose as she strolled through town. Her jean's were soaked and a trail of urine was left in her wake. Following the release, she downed the rest of her canteen. More fun for later.

Places of note were a little theater, a bar and a big fancy white house she assumed was the former mayor's where she was definitely going to crash for the night. The bar would be her first stop. Maybe some booze to jack up her need to piss.

The door was wide open, but that didn't mean it was completely cleaned out. An infected was gnawing on a raccoon in the middle of the floor. Lacey pulled a giant machete from a sheath she had custom made on her bag. In one smooth stroke, the zombie's head was cleanly removed from the rest of its body. The search was a little less clean. Apparently this town's main concern in the impending apocalypse was liquor and not medical supplies. There was nothing behind the bar except a few bottles of water of which she chugged one and stored the rest.

There wasn't anything in the basement except some canned food which went into her bag with the rest of the haul.

The last place she thought might have any promise was the manager's office. In Lacey's experience, every bar manager had a secret bottle of something.

"Aha!" A bottle of top shelf gin mostly full was hidden away in a locked drawer of the desk. "Score!" Lacey did a little happy dance shaking the bottle in the air. Gin was her favorite.

She took a swig on the spot. A little party tonight would go well with her last packet of ramen, maybe a can of those beans she found in the basement.

Before all that, though, there was still a little more fun in town to be had. The theater was next. Her bladder reminded her of the canteen she had finished an hour ago and she was in the mood for a little role play.

Ten years ago, before the infection, when Lacey was 13, she was at a scary movie with her friend and her friend's mother. They had been running late to the theater and Lacey hadn't had any time to pee before the opening credits started to roll. She tried to hold it through the entire film, nervous about getting up and disturbing the scary looking man sitting at one end of the row or the old couple at the other end. She had started to leak a little towards the middle of the movie, but thought maybe she would make it.

A simple jump scare at the climax was all it took. Everything came rushing out. Her jeans and the seat made a valiant effort to soak up as much pee as they could, but her torrent was too much. Pee was streaming off the seat and pattering on the ground. Luckily, the eerie music was building as the main antagonist was getting ready to kill the protagonist's boyfriend and the sound of Lacey's pee was almost inaudible. The relief was almost orgasmic before Lacey even knew what sexuality was. It was the birth of her fetish and a thrill she chased to this day.

Lacey meant to relive a bit of that evening in this little theater with some imagination. She found a seat in the middle row and chugged one of the other waters in her bag. There were still three more she would have to go through. Her need had increased, but she wasn't desperate. Maybe she could explore behind the scenes of the theater while she waited.

There wasn't a whole lot to see. Just moldy popcorn and some bags of candy that she was uninterested in, she wasn't a sweets fan. There were a few more bottles of water, however. Lacey decided to drink another, just sipping though. No more chugging.

The theater only had one screen. Lacey wanted to find the control room. Maybe find a film or 2 for the kids back at the fortress if she had enough room in her pack.

She found 101 Dalmatians. Unfortunately it was on a film reel and the fortress's projector was missing a part she didn't know enough about to look for. Maybe next time. Lacey liked this quaint little town.

Lacey felt a twinge below her belt. Her need for release was getting stronger. Maybe it was time to move back to the theater before she accidentally jumped the gun in a hallway. Most times her bladder went from 0 to 60 in only a few minutes.

Lacey settled back into her chosen seat, a little squirt trickling out at the compression of her bladder. She could feel the delicious dampness in her grey boyshorts style panties. They had mostly dried off in the heat. The wetness hadn't made it out to her jean's, but it was only a matter of minutes.

In her mind's eyes, she imagined some kind of suspenseful movie scene playing, the music building up. Maybe a superhero movie. Those were usually long.

Pressure was building. Finally, she relaxed. Nothing came out right away. Sinking back into the cushion, Lacey opened her legs a little. First, a small trickle started. The wetness made it to her jeans. She gave a little push. That was all it took to get it going. A hissing sound filled the theater as the only sound within miles. A smile played on her lips as she felt the warmth of her piss filling the cushion, running down to the floor. The sound of it hitting the ground was music to her ears. Far too soon, it was over. The seat was saturated as well as her jeans. Even the back tail of her tshirt was damp.

Lacey slipped her hand down her pants. She rubbed herself through her underwear until coming to a quick orgasm.

Leaving the theater, Lacey decided to just let go whenever the need came upon her for the rest of the afternoon and evening.

Finishing the bottle water from earlier, Lacey meandered down the street to the mayor's house. She would have dinner and sleep there for the night before heading out for the day long walk back to the fortress.

The house was definitely classy. There was a entertainment room, a billiards room, and, best of all, a library. Lacey loved to read. Really, the house everything she could have hoped for.

Lacey took a particular joy in defiling nice houses with as much piss as possible. There was a mansion in Richmond she spent a whole week in that was left completely uninhabitable. It was her pride and joy.

The need to pee again crept up as Lacey was doing her sweep of the premise. All that water was quickly making it's way through her.

Luckily there weren't any infected on the premise, though, she could hear them in the house next door. For precaution, Lacey barricaded the doors and windows. It made for easier sleeping.

Picking a book off the shelf, she settled into the plush red loveseat in the library. It was a scifi novel by Alistair Reynolds. He had been on her read list before the outbreak, but she had never gotten around to him.

Maybe 20 minutes into reading, the need to pee twinged through her system. Without pausing in the book, Lacey, with her legs folded up under her, relaxed her bladder. It started as a big spurt. Her panties, which were still a little damp from before, were immediately soaked. Her body was reluctant at first, but now that it got the idea this was okay it just released. It wasn't torrential. Just an easy stream over her legs and soaking into the cushion. It absorb all of the pee. Lacey was a little disappointed actually. She was hoping to get the carpet a bit wet. Maybe the next one.

Another bottle of water was consumed along with some jerky, but the need to pee didn't come back for at least another hour or so. This time she stood, looking through the bookshelves for anything to take back. She could only fit maybe one or two books in her bag. As she looked, Lacey relaxed. It wasn't much this time, but a small puddle started to form at her feet. Her jeans took most of it. Afterwards she took her pants off. They were done anyways. The panties too.

This time Lacey sat on the leather couch. The leather chilled her wet ass in a way that turned her on even more. She couldn't wait to see how her pee would puddle under her.

Lacey kept herself relaxed as she read, hoping that as soon as her fluids ran through her they would come out unprompted.

It was maybe another hour before it happened. Without even realizing it, a small trickle was leaking out. If it wasn't for the sound of liquid hitting the leather, Lacey probably wouldn't have even noticed. Unfortunately it didn't last long. Only 5 seconds or so. A little push was called for. This prompted a a stronger stream to rush out, pooling in the v of her crossed legs and dripping down onto the leather. Slowly, a warm puddle began to form below her. Lacey put her book aside to slip two fingers into herself. It was a quick orgasm.

Hunger was creeping up. Lacey decided it was time for dinner. She cooked up a bowl of ramen on her camp stove and heated up a can of beans, a healthy pour of gin to wash it all down. Lacey was a bit of a light weight due to her small size, so by the time she finished her first pour she was a little tipsy. One more shot and it was bedtime.

Grabbing a bottle of water, she set out to find the comfiest bed in the house. There was what looked to be a pre adolescent boy's room with a race car theme that she couldn't help giggling at. Pass. Across the hall was obviously a teenager with a big 'Tina's Room Keep Out' sign on the door. Rock band posters and pin up girls covered the walls. The bed looked like it was never made and smelled like it was rarely washed. Hard pass. Next was the guest room with what felt like a cardboard bed made to look nice and generic landscape paintings on the walls. Boring. Pass.

The room at the end of the hall looked to be the master suit. Mama and papa's room. Score. A king sized canopy bed with red drapes around it and silky smooth sheets. Perfect against her naked skin. The light grey duvet was stuffed with goose down and unfortunately too hot for Lacey to truly enjoy. There was plush carpet surrounding the bed to protect against the rude awakening of feet on a cold floor.

Yeah, this was the bed for her. She could wait to ruin it. But first she was going to sleep in it.

Lacey drank half the water to avoid the hangover in the morning and then tucked herself in and fell soundly asleep.

She woke up in the middle of the night to her bladder aching for release. Without even moving out of her curled up position on her side, the silk sheets bunch up between her legs, Lacey relaxed. Pee gushed out of her soaking first the sheet between her legs and then pooling around her hip. Soon she could feeling by her toes and it crept up to her ribs. It was almost too warm in the summer heat. She must have peed for a solid minute and a half. The bed was soaked around her. Lacey sighed and snuggled back against the pillow, promptly fall back into sleep.

Morning came and Lacey slowly woke up to the feeling of cool wetness against her skin and her morning pee already gently trickling out of her. She turned onto her back, opened her legs and gave a little push. The trickle became a hissing stream. She put her hand between her legs to feel the flow of it. There was a giant wet stain that was almost the entire length of her body. Her hand slipped between her legs for a nice slow morning orgasm.

A pressure in her bowels reminded Lacey of the beans she ate the night before. She turned onto her side and gave a push. A knobby little turd poked its head out. Another good push was all it took and the full thing out. It made a little plop as it hot the wet sheets. One more push and a little friend joined it in the sheets along with a small trickle of pee. Two more smaller shits followed and then she was done.

Lacey used a dry corner of the sheet to wipe her ass and then rolled out of bed to start her day. She had a full day's hike back to the fortress to drop off all of the goodies she'd collected.

(To be continued, probably)

