A Christian Punishment

Author: fullbladder 

*000*2019-09-23 19:28

Brianne felt a growing excitement in the pit of her stomach as she pulled on the chastity belt over her cotton bikini-cut panties. As instructed, she fastened the device snugly around her waist by closing a combination lock she didn’t know the code for. She gasped sharply as the cold combination of metal and leather grasped her most intimate area. Tonight was meant to be punishment for the young lady who had been caught with her boyfriend in the middle of the night. Her parents had kicked him out of her bed and into the street, stark naked. She, sitting up in bed holding up the covers to veil her 36C breasts, had been yelled at for the better part of an hour. 

The next morning, Brianne had been enrolled in a disciplinary program with the local church. She had met with Sister Janice earlier this week and been given the chastity belt and strict instructions to show up at a party tonight wearing it. Brianne could still recite Sister Janice’s exact words, which had been “It’s about time you learned how a young lady should act around boys.” 

Brianne gazed longingly at her black miniskirt then decided against it. While she enjoyed flashing her panties on occasion, an ugly mix of leather and metal was a different story. She picked out a navy-blue plaid skirt that didn’t quite reach her knees. Maybe the goody Christian fellows would appreciate a more innocent look. 

Glancing at the clock radio, she realized she only had twenty minutes to get to the church. She quickly threw on a sky-blue blouse over her white bra and ran a comb through her red hair. She hurriedly waved goodbye to her mother working in the garden as she started the car. As she pulled out of the paved driveway, Brianne wondered if her mom knew what she was wearing under her skirt. Maybe Sister Janice had told her- Brianne felt herself blush at the thought. 

She got to the church three minutes early and took the opportunity to touch up her makeup. As she got out of the car, she ran her hand down the back of her skirt feeling the bumpy hardness instead of the usual curvy softness of her ass. She heard a car door close behind her and noticed a handsome well-dressed man looking at her. Blushing again, she realized that he had seen her smoothing out her skirt. Was he able to make out the shape of the device under her skirt? 

As Brianne walked briskly through the entrance, she felt his gaze on her. She smiled to herself as she followed the “Ladies this way” sign. Perhaps it was for the best that things had gone south with Rod. He had a crude and arrogant demeanor which had been agitating her more and more. Maybe it was time to date a nice Christian boy who would be a perfect gentleman around her. 

Sister Janice checked her watch as Brianne presented herself. “Just in time.” She commented coldly. “Well, let’s get on with it then- lift up your skirt.” Mildly surprised, Brianne gathered her skirt and lifted it up. She felt the middle-aged woman pull at the leather in several places, testing for looseness. With a grunt of approval, she patted Brianne’s butt and told her to continue walking to the basketball court. Brianne nodded, released her skirt, and continued her careful walk. 

She heard soft music as she pushed open the swing door. It was a breath-taking sight. The gym had been transformed into a beautiful party scene, with carpeted areas, strobe lights, and a bar. Brianne walked forward towards a group of young ladies also dressed for the occasion. She recognized one of them- a girl of African ethnicity, Georgia. They went to the same high school, but Georgia was a year younger. She wasted no time in greeting Brianne and introducing her to the other ladies. Brianne felt grateful for knowing someone there, especially a girl as welcoming as Georgia. 

Having met the girls, Brianne turned her attention towards the young men at the other end of the gym. She immediately noticed the boy from the parking lot eying her. He was wearing black pants, a white dress shirt and bow-tie. He was on the skinny side but fit in a long-distance runner sort of way. He had well-groomed black hair and a clean-shaven face. Brianne hoped he would make his way over to her soon. 

The males collectively decided to get drinks and made their way over to the bar. Ashley, a tall attractive blonde, eagerly urged the female group to go over to the bar too. After some initial resistance, they started slowly walking over. Brianne felt that it would have been so much easier if the guys had approached first. She quickly realized Ashley’s eagerness to mingle with the guys, as she had wandered over a seemingly older brown-haired hunk after getting a beer from the bartender. To Brianne’s dismay, Georgia had followed Ashley’s lead and was in deep conversation with her interest. Not wanting to be left alone, Brianne walked her long island iced tea over to an apparently shy, chubby teenager. 

Pete was an ok guy, but not exactly Brianne’s type. He seemed surprised to be approached by such an attractive girl and was nervously stuttering about video games and his custom-built PC. Meanwhile, her attention was elsewhere. She constantly glanced over his shoulder at Georgia and her handsome companion. He returned her gaze a few times, but always politely refocused his attention to Georgia, who was happily chatting away. 

Not ten minutes later, Brianne was surprised to discover that her drink was finished- she had been sipping constantly with Pete babbling on. Not wanting to excuse herself suddenly, she took a moment to scan her surroundings. About half the crowd had paired up with members of the opposite sex, but there were also two large crowds of mixed genders. One group was near the bar, in close proximity to drinks, while the other group was near the DJ, making song requests while conversing with each other. 

Brianne also noticed Sister Janice and a younger nun seated in the bleachers, observing intently. About a third of the people at the party were underage, so there were already varying stages of drunkenness evident at the party. The girls near the bar had already accepted a number of drinks from their overly generous companions and their glowing red faces openly revealed their intoxication. Meanwhile, Georgia and three other girls were sipping soft drinks. Brianne could feel a light buzz, but Pete was showing no signs of stopping and he was literally being a buzz kill. 

She finally interrupted him by raising her empty glass and explaining she needed another drink. He stammered an offer about getting the drink for her, but she raised her hand, promising to be right back. Brianne ordered a screwdriver and took a moment to chat with the bartender- she needed a break from Pete. It was a good thing she did, because Georgia and her new friend made their way to the bar a moment later. As she had done earlier, Georgia made the introduction. His name was Jake and he was a volunteer with the church. 

Forgetting her promise to Pete, Brianne joined the duo. Jake eagerly shared details about his life while asking the girls about theirs. He tried to include Georgia in the conversation, but his eyes were constantly locking into Brianne’s. Finally, Georgia noticed Pete awkwardly staring into their group and excused herself to talk to him. Brianne felt instant guilt as she realized that she had ditched Pete, but also gratitude for the opportunity to talk to Jake one-on-one. 

As Jake wandered over to the bar to get them new drinks, Brianne scanned the crowd again. Elle, a petite blonde, near the bar was dancing on the spot, but not in sync with the music. It took a moment for Brianne to realize that she was desperate to pee. She tugged at her friend Jackie’s arm, but she just shook her head and gestured to her own midsection. Elle wriggled helplessly before rushing off towards the gym door alone. It was then that Brianne realized that all the girls were wearing chastity belts! None of them could pee until Sister Janice unlocked them! 

As Jake returned with her drink, Brianne evaluated the fullness of her own bladder. She could definitely use a pee. The alcohol and conversation with Jake had kept her mind off her predicament, but there was no denying that her bladder was filling quickly. Jake raised his cup and Brianne raised her own to meet his, making sure she took only a small sip afterwards. As Jake continued talking, Brianne noticed that Elle hadn’t left the gym. Instead, she was near the door pleading with a female guard to let her out. There was a male guard at the other door, so there was no way out. 

Suddenly, the full gravity of the punishment hit her. The girls would have to hold their pee until the end of the party or wet their panties in front of everyone around! As Elle pleaded desperately, a boy from the same group near the bar approached the door. The guard stepped aside to let him through while continuing to block Elle’s path. She doubled over and clutched her crotch through her red dress, on the verge of wetting herself. 

“You are very quiet. Is everything ok?” Jake’s question snapped Brianne back to attention. “Oh.. yes, I’m fine. Just enjoying your story, that’s all.” 

“Are you sure? Is your drink okay? I can get you a different one if you like.” Brianne realized how rude she must look ignoring the conversation and not finishing the drink he had gotten for her. She immediately took a couple of gulps from her cup. 

“No, the drink’s great- thank you.” The last thing she needed was another full cup. She forced herself to engage in conversation and regularly sip from her cup. Elle had given up trying to convince the guard to let her out- she was now helplessly standing with her back up against the wall, with her dress hiked all the way up and her hands gripping her crotch for dear life. Her red panties and chastity belt were in full view. Brianne noticed girls and guys looking over at her. It was obviously a one-of-a-kind sight for horny young men, who struggled to tear their eyes away from the beautiful blonde girl struggling to not to piss herself. Most of the girls were alternating nervous glances between Elle and the large clock above her. Just over an hour remained- could they hang on? 

Jake was amongst the last to notice the scene at the other end of the gym. He looked over just as Elle lost control. She gasped audibly as pee poured through her fingers onto the rug below. Her wet legs glistened in the bright lights as a growing wet spot formed at her feet. Nobody could look away as the poor girl peed for seemingly ages, finally experiencing the relief she had been denied for too long. She collapsed to the floor and covered her face in utter humiliation. Unfortunately for her, Sister Janice came down from the bleachers and ordered her to return to the party. With a beet-red face and drenched legs, Elle returned to the group by the bar. Everyone comforted Elle, but there was no getting over the fact that she now smelled like pee and her dress sported obvious wet streaks. 

“Yes, I’m wearing one too.” Brianne admitted, knowing Jake was wondering but too polite to ask. “Oh.. do you need to...” His voice trailed off as he realized he was asking a pretty lady a very personal question. 

“Yes, a bit.” Brianne blushed. It was the understatement of the year. Her bladder was pressing up against the band of the chastity device. She was actively fighting the natural desire to cross her legs in front of him. She glanced up at the clock yet again- there were still 50 minutes left! 

Several pairs of legs were scissoring now- witnessing an accident didn't help matters. Gina and Belle rushed over to the other door, hoping to get better luck with the male guard. Despite the ladies tearfully showing him their bladder bulges and chastity belts, he didn’t budge from the door. Several guys were feeling an urge for the men’s room and they guiltily excused themselves for a much-needed pee. 

Brianne couldn’t help but notice that Jake was shuffling uncomfortably too. He had drunk quite a bit more than her and they had both grown quieter. Finally, he interrupted her in mid-sentence with a quick apology and turned away. She felt a pang of envy as he subtly grabbed himself through his pants and urgently strode through the gym door. 

Unable to wait a moment longer, Gina and Belle hiked up their skirts, squatted, and peed through their underwear next to the guard. Sister Janice reached them just as they finished peeing, loudly scolding them and ordering them to return to the party. As an added punishment, she ordered the younger nun to give them each a water bottle. The nun forced them to drink the entire half-litre before returning to her seat next to Sister Janice. 

Brianne’s gaze fell on Georgia and Pete, still talking to each other. Despite her drunk and desperate state, she wanted to do the right thing. She hobbled over, struggling not to shove a clenched fist into her pussy. She was surprised to see Georgia holding herself… and drinking orange juice. 

“Hey Pete and Georgia- sorry about earlier. I just…” They both giggled and looked each other. “Oh, it’s no problem at all,” said Pete. “We’re having a blast together,” exclaimed Georgia. 

Brianne noticed that Pete was squirming along with Georgia. She looked at the couple questioningly. They giggled again. “Pete has decided to hold it with me. Cheers baby!” Georgia raised her cup and they both took a large swig. Brianne cautiously made her way back to her spot near the basketball hoop. How odd- Pete was probably going to wet his pants because he had decided to goof around with Georgia. Who in their right mind would want to go through this hell? Brianne wanted nothing more than to sit on a toilet and PEE! She crossed her legs and danced on the spot- it was pointless to pretend like she didn’t need to pee. 

Jake returned from the toilet, obviously relieved. However, he was drunk and his line of questioning was getting more daring. “So how did you ladies end up all locked up like this?” 

Brianne hesitated, then decided it hardly mattered- her dignity was shot anyway. “I got caught screwing my boyfriend then my parents put me in this church program.” 

“Wow! Is that everyone’s story?” Jake was visibly surprised by her response. 

“I don’t know, but I bet it’s something to do with sex. Otherwise why…” She gestured to her crotch. 

Jake reddened. “I don’t….” 

Suddenly things clicked for Brianne. “You’re a virgin, aren’t you?” 

“I.. uh..” Jake stared down at the floor as he fumbled for words. 

Brianne realized she had struck a nerve. “No… sorry. I didn’t mean to…” 

“No, it’s ok. I’ve asked you personal stuff too.” 

Suddenly an excited shriek from Georgia drew attention to the center of the gym. Pete was peeing his khaki pants. A growing wetness spread down the front of his legs as he sighed with relief. Georgia was fixated on his accident as she struggled not to pee her own dress. Sister Janice was there in an instant. She had Pete pull down his pants and bend over to touch his toes. She spanked him repeatedly, her bare hand smacking his wet bottom. 

Watching Pete get spanked in his wet underwear was too much for Georgia- she had reached the limits of her bodily control. She lifted up her skirt and spread her legs to let her long-held waters flow to the carpet below. She sighed heavily, causing Pete to look over as he was being spanked. He was finally allowed to straighten up as Georgia finished peeing- a massive erection poked out from his wet, transparent underwear. He quickly pulled up his soiled pants before Sister Janice noticed his sexual excitement and sentenced further punishment. 

Amidst all the commotion, Brianne felt herself leak into her panties. She quickly grabbed crotch and squeezed hard. She felt her face burn red with embarrassment as Jake turned around to see her holding her crotch. However, she was well beyond the point of appearing ladylike. If she released her grip on her pussy, she would wet her panties, pure and simple. 

“Wow you look like you’re about to… “ 

“Yeah, it’s gonna happen. Any minute now.” She spoke through her clenched teeth. Every ounce of strength in her teenage body was needed to prevent an imminent wetting accident. The twenty minutes which remained may as well be twenty years- she would never make it. 

Beside them, Ashley squirted despite her iron grasp on her womanhood. Thinking quickly, Brent shoved his quarter-full cup into her crotch and instructed her to relax. She just managed to stem the flow as the cup filled through her panties, grasping her soaked crotch again. To her surprise, Brent brought the cup to his lips and continued drinking from it. 

Elle had stopped drinking since her accident, but her weakened bladder had quickly filled up again. She was so humiliated about wetting herself that she couldn’t even announce that she was bursting again. She silently and rapidly progressed from shuffling helplessly, overtly holding herself, to rewetting her panties in the presence of the group. Fortunately for her, no one gave her show more than a few seconds- the women had their own bladders to worry about and the men’s attention was quite divided throughout the room. 

Brianne squirted. She felt warm wetness on her fingers and then saw the droplets of pee hitting the rug below her. She danced desperately in place, struggling to regain control. She did- just barely. She knew the next leak would be the last one. She was just too close to having a full on accident. 

Ashley squirted again and Brent generously put his cup between her legs again, but there was no stopping the flood this time. A powerful torrent flowed out from the gusset of her silk purple panties and she couldn't close the dam this time. The cup overflowed and Brent pulled it away. Ashley closed her eyes in sheer relief and sighed as she straightened up. Clear pee flowed down her long slender legs and a giant wet spot grew at her feet. Brent looked on in excitement as he continued drinking her sacred feminine waters from his cup. 

Hearing Ashley’s pee splatter to the ground was too much for Brianne. She was the only girl who hadn’t lost wet herself yet and that, in itself, was an achievement. There were several girls close to peeing themselves a second time, not to mention Elle who had already had a second accident. Brianne’s bladder spasmed hard and she could not fight it this time. She soaked her panties as a waterfall flowed out from her most private area. 

All heads turned to observe the biggest accident of the evening as Brianne violently drenched the carpet beneath her. She exhaled deeply as sweet relief washed over her body- she hadn’t peed since her lunch break at work. The gruesome burden of holding in her urine had finally been lifted from her shoulders. She was peeing herself in front of Jake and a dozen other people, but it didn’t matter. All she cared about at that moment was the unbelievable relief that had engulfed her tortured body. She shuddered involuntarily as the final few squirts exited her. She didn’t realize the spectacle she had created until she finally opened her eyes to look around, pee still dripping from the back of her skirt to her feet. 

Everyone watched in amazement at the huge puddle at Brianne’s feet. She undoubtedly had the largest bladder of anyone around. Jake’s excitement was on clear display, with a giant tent poking out in his pants. 

Sister Janice declared that the party was over and hoped that the ladies had learned a humiliating lesson about behaving decently around young men. Perhaps some girls had, but Brianne and Georgia definitely had other plans. The ladies lined up to get their wet chastity belts unlocked by the two nuns. It was a slow process with most of the girls wriggling uncontrollably, trying to maintain the little dignity that remained until they got to a toilet. Gina and Belle, who had been punished with bottles of water earlier, couldn’t control themselves any longer and peed all over Sister Janice as she was unlocking them. With another embarrassing scolding, Sister Janice instructed them to stay behind for a spanking. 

The delay was torture for those still in the lineup, including Georgia. She and Pete had been drinking even more heavily since their accidents and they just barely hung on as Georgia got unlocked. However, making it to the men’s room was another matter. They soaked themselves again as they rushed into a cubicle together. In the next stall, Brianne was already getting busy with Jake. It was about time a girl did something about his virginity. 

*004*2019-09-25 15:55

Thanks for the encouragement, guys- it's great! 

