Might Is Merit: A Rivenwelle Tale

Author: Foxlover

*012*2021-04-16 22:12

CHAPTER 5: Evening The Odds

(Bit of a shorter chapter, but I want the final one to be completely dedicated to the match between Urza and Melina XD)

News of Melina’s challenge spread quickly through the camp. By morning, every orc in the compound was aware of the impending contest between the Chief and the human captive, and there was no shortage of whispers or curious stares that followed Melina and Orla as they headed to the mess hall to do their routine morning clean-up of the perimeter guard’s breakfast.

Truth be told, it was quite unnerving for the young girl, having the gaze of every muscle-bound warrior in the compound on her...but underneath it, she felt a strain of pride. She’d gotten their attention, and though in most looks she saw incredulity, pity or amusement, in a few she saw curiosity, and even grudging respect for the sheer audacity of her challenge.

“I suppose the Chief accepted your challenge?” Orla muttered to her as she adjusted her cleaning pack on her shoulder. Even though she couldn’t see the gazes trailing after them, Orla’s extremely keen hearing picked up on the hushed conversations whenever they went by.

Melina took a deep breath, nodding. “Yeah, she did. We start at dawn, each of us emptying ourselves completely, and then...” She let the sentence trail off, feeling butterflies in her stomach. Despite Orla’s display in reaction to the lumencap, and her assurance that all of the Chief’s personal mead barrels had been thoroughly spiked with it (courtesy of an easily-picked lock and a less-than-vigilant guard-orc) Melina couldn’t help but be nervous. She had been awed just by how much regular orcs had been able to hold, and Chief Urza was supposed to be the strongest among them...She’d never even seen the over-endowed orc relieve herself before. She took another deep breath, doing her best to keep her head high and her gait steady so as not to look intimidated by the eyes following her to the mess hall.

“Honestly I didn’t think she’d go for it at first, but, after some...persuasion…” She murmured.

At this, Orla raised an eyebrow. “Persuasion? How do you mean?”

At this, Melina reddened, a small smirk curling on her lips. “I, er...merely took your advice…”

The orcess blinked her sightless eyes, confused...then they widened as realization dawned on her. Now it was Orla’s turn to blush, swallowing down a lump in her throat as she moved even closer to Melina. “O-Oh, you- you don’t mean you-?” She whispered

Melina’s grin widened. “Yeah…” She giggled back, adjusting her own pack.

The two young alchemists walked in somewhat of an awkward silence for a few moments longer before Orla turned her head slightly towards Melina.

“....What did it look like?” She murmured under her breath, so quiet Melina could hardly even make out what she was saying.

The girl frowned, turning to her friend in confusion. “Huh?”

Orla swallowed again, clearing her throat as she kept her empty gaze focused before her. “W-what did it look like? The Chief’s...y-you know…” She stammered, fingers idly clutching at her pack strap. “I’ve...well, only a few of the Kh’raven have seen it, and I obviously haven’t…” She breathed, turning her head towards Melina. “Was it...did it look nice?”

Melina felt her blush returning as she realized what Orla was asking. She cast a furtive glance around; most of the orcs had gone back to their respective morning tasks, and they weren’t close enough to overhear, anyway.

She turned back to Orla, gently biting her lip. “It was...big…” she breathed. “Green… hard, but pliable...strong but smooth…warm to the touch…I didn’t think I’d feel this way seeing one, but...” Her eyes glazed over somewhat as she recounted the experience...the Chief’s strong, sculpted form flexing in orgasmic obedience to the comparatively tiny pale hand running its way up and down her sensitive shaft, her powerful green hands gripping the side of her throne as she tried not to let on how much she enjoyed Melina’s surprisingly skillful ministrations…

It seemed Melina wasn’t the only one being affected by the bawdy account. Orla’s face got darker and darker the more Melina spoke, until her breath was coming in somewhat shallow gasps and her thighs began to rub against one another as they walked. “W-wow…” she croaked. “She must’ve been even more pent up than the rest of us...and she can’t even cheat the way the others do…”

Melina nodded, exhaling gently. Despite the lust that had seared in her chest when she was tending to the Chief’s member, she’d also felt a surge of pity… to have such a magnificent tool and be unable to use it, especially with all the basically half-nude shapely orc women traipsing around...it must have been driving her crazy…

Melina’s risque ruminations continued as they entered the mess hall, where the perimeter guard was sitting around chatting like normal… though both Khamina and Malash appeared to be missing. As soon as Melina came around the corner, the entire hall went quiet as they all turned to look at her.

Melina swallowed, the sudden gazes of a dozen orc guards on her making her feel weak in the knees, though she did her best not to acknowledge them as she and Orla came farther in.

Their footsteps felt loud in Melina’s ears, their echo in the silence weighing on her as she set her pack down and reached in to pull her saphroot tincture and cleaning rags out, trying to keep her hands steady as she did so. “I’m gonna go fetch the water…” She murmured to Orla, grabbing the pail from near the entrance and starting towards the back of the hall.

As she passed by, the orcs began to murmur among themselves like all the others.

“She really challenged the Chief? Didn’t she piss herself within ten minutes of comin’ here?”

“She’s gotta know Chief Urza’s gonna crush her…”

“10 gold pieces says she squirts before the Chief even starts feeling it…”

“I say we make her chug the rest of this barrel, see how much she can *really* hold…”

Melina ignored them, setting her jaw and pushing open the back door of the mess hall. The murmurs followed her out as made her way to the well to fetch water for cleaning the dishes, but Melina did her best to block it out as she approached the well. As she tied the pail off and began lowering it into the well, a nasty thought occurred to her. Many of the orcs clearly thought little of her challenge… what if they decided to ambush her for their Chief, tie her up and beat her down before the contest even began? What if, when Urza realized she was more desperate than she should’ve been, she figured something was amiss? What if Melina won and Urza went back on her promise?

Melina’s heart began to hammer in her chest as she considered these unsavory possibilities...her hands shook as she pulled the bucket up, water sloshing out the sides. The sound, ironically enough, reminded her of her faint urge to urinate...something she’d need to take care of as soon her chores were done, while she still could.

She calmed herself by reminding herself that the Kh’raven seemed an honorable folk, if nothing else… Orla had said the Chief wasn’t a bad sort, and it wasn’t like living here the past two weeks had been completely terrible… and suddenly, she began to feel a bit guilty about the way she’d rigged the match…

No. Melina thought angrily to herself. No, you are doing what you need to win. The Chief played dirty when you got here, so...so this just makes it fair. Yes, you’re just making things even...this is how you’re gonna get home.

With her conscience assuaged for the time being, Melina pulled the bucket the rest of the way up and promptly returned to the mess hall, determination and resoluteness driving her steps forward with renewed vigor.

The mess hall was surprisingly empty when Melina re-entered it….it seemed as though most of the orcs had gone off to elsewhere, and the ones who hadn’t were back to drinking and talking, enjoying the last few moments of their morning break and paying Melina little mind as she hurried back to Orla. The orcish alchemist had already started clearing away some of the flagons and plates from the orcs’ breakfast, pre-staining them with the tincture to dissolve any residual food particles. She raised her head as she heard Melina’s footsteps approach, turning gently towards the sound. Melina frowned as she knelt down next to Orla with the bucket. “Where’s everyone going? Muster isn’t for another half hour…”

Orla shrugged. “Getting ready to watch Malash’s Endurance Match against the Captain, probably…” She murmured, dipping her rag in the bucket.

Melina blinked. She’d totally forgotten that was today...that explained both Khamina and Malash’s absences from the normal breakfast rush. “Can we see it?” She murmured. She hadn’t been too invested in the matches up until now, given that to her it was just a contest between two random orcs settling some personal squabble...but now Melina had reason to actually pay attention. She hadn’t had many joys during her captivity, but she imagined watching Khamina put Malash’s arse in the dirt would be quite a sight.

Orla shrugged. “Depends on how quickly we finish these dishes, I suppose….” She murmured, sounding rather morose, though Melina picked up on it, she didn’t comment.

A while passed as the two slowly made their way through the mountain of dishes they needed to clean...the other orcs had all gone by the time they’d nearly finished up.

Once they were alone, Orla turned to Melina. “They’d been talking about you…” she murmured. “About the match…”

Melina set her jaw, dropping her gaze back to their work. “I know… can’t be helped… And it’s a crazy thing for me to do, even-” She paused, looking around to make sure they weren’t being listened to before leaning forward. “-even with the lumencap we’re slipping her. Orla, do you think it’ll be enough?” She whispered.

Orla smiled drily. “Made me piss myself in short order, didn’t it?”

Melina pursed her lips. “That’s- Orla, come on, you know what I mean. The Chief is the strongest there is, right? And she’s got- w-well, she’s obviously different from the other orcs, what if she can resist its effects?”

Orla frowned. “She’s still an orc, Melina, no matter how many differences her body has… the lumencap will work. In two days time she’ll be doing her damndest not to gush all over the ground, I promise.”

Melina blushed a bit at the decidedly crude response, and she cleared her throat. “Right, erm...yeah… and Orla…” She murmured, her eyes raising to the young orc’s face. “Thank you… I know it can’t have been easy, doing all this…helping me, betraying your Chief...”

Orla pursed her lips, suddenly looking decidedly uncomfortable. She sat up with a gentle sigh, rolling her shoulders. “...I have no desire to see any harm come to her… I may be somewhat of an oddball here but Kh’raven blood still flows through my veins. My heart still beats for my Chief, and my tribe...This is my home. But…” She stopped wiping the dish in her hand for a moment. “I want to help you get back to your home…”

She turned her empty gaze on Melina. “...To Priscilla…”

Melina merely continued to peer at Orla for a moment before leaning over and wrapping her arms round the Orc’s shoulders. Orla tensed, seeming surprised, but within seconds she was reciprocating the embrace. The two stayed like that for a moment, content to bask in each other’s warmth and gentleness...two things oft missing from the rough dispositions of the Kh’raven tribals.

Suddenly, they heard the challenge horn being sounded, and began to hear voices congregating outside the mess hall.

Orla turned to Melina. “Sounds like the Match is starting…” She murmured, quickly scrubbing the last dish and setting it back in the nesting alcove. Melina got to her feet as well, and the pair of them hurried outside where the crowd was gathering around the Match ring.

Melina managed to shove her way to the front this time, her eyes scanning the trodden dirt pitch for the competitors. Within moments, a roar went up from the spectators as the contestants emerged onto the field.

Khamina and Malash both wore stony expressions as they approached each other… Melina noted with some redness that they both had changed out of their usual guard armor, now clad only in the dress worn by those participating in a Match; scant fur bras that barely contain their mountainous bosoms and loincloths that hung between powerful thighs in an almost ironic display of decency. The sheer clothing allowed all present to see the hard muscles rippling underneath the two opponents’ verdant skin, tensed with barely contained ferocity...it was like watching two bears circle each other over a salmon. Khamina had tied her braid back in a bun to prevent it being used as a handhold for her opponent, while Malash’s clean shaven head merely glinted in the morning sun. Melina would be lying to herself if she said her pulse didn’t quicken a bit at the sight...they looked dangerous, but also beautiful...like a raging fire...

But the most prominent feature was one they shared...a great, bulbous, protruding abdomen, a sign of the boiling lake of piss contained just behind each hardened Amazonian sphincter. Oddly enough, neither of them even seemed to notice the loads that would’ve ruptured the bladders of a dozen women thrice over, their only concern seeming to be keeping the other in their sights.

Melina felt the tension in the air, as did everyone… The petty grievance given as the impetus for this fight masked the years of friction between the two, and now all that frustration was coming to a head...in one way or another.

The ref raised an arm, and the two combatants sunk into wrestling stances, still glaring at one another.

For a moment, there was silence. The crowd wanted with bated breath, the energy humming in the air like the moments before a thunderstorm.

The arm had barely swung down when the two lunged for one another, immediately grappling one another’s shoulders. They both grit their teeth as they staggered around the pitch, gripping each other so hard Melina could swear she saw veins bulging out of their necks.

Suddenly, Khamina dropped to a lunge stance, forcing Malash to pitch forward and allowing Khamina to use that momentum to toss her opponent to the ground. Malash hit the dirt and rolled right back to her feet, a fierce expression on her face. With a bellow, she charged Khamina, tackling her Captain into the dirt. The crowd was going wild, shouting out encouragement to their respective champions.

“Yeah, Malash, take that bitchcaptain down a peg!”

“Come on, Captain, show that bucktusk beta who’s boss!”

Melina winced as Malash slammed Khamina’s shoulders into the dirt and straddled her, breathing heavily. The Captain struggled, but she couldn’t find an angle.

A frenzied grin began to appear on Malash’s face. “Finally…” She hissed, moving her hips back and moving a hand down to Khamina’s abdomen. She drove her palm into the Captain’s grotesquely protruding bladder, causing Khamina to cry out in a strangled groan. Malash began pumping her arm up and down, rolling Khamina’s boulder of a bladder around in her abdomen with little regard for the pain it might cause her.

Amazingly though, throughout it all, Khamina did not pee, despite the brutal attack on her overswollen pee-pouch. Malash must’ve been just as surprised, because the half-second of hesitation on the lighter orc’s part gave Khamina the opening she needed to throw her opponent off of her. Malash hit the ground, and Khamina staggered upright, knock kneed and clutching her bladder with a pained expression.

Melina’s eyes flitted between the two combatants, thanking her lucky stars she would not have to wrestle in her own match...she wasn’t sure if she’d even survive, let alone avoid peeing herself. She winced again as Khamina swept Malash’s leg while simultaneously bringing her arm around her neck and forcing her into a kneel. It was such a violent sport, and no one in the crowd seemed to-

Melina swallowed as her eyes caught the gaze Chief Urza, staring at her from the other side of the pitch.

The Chief was dressed in her normal leathers and pelts, her bearskin cape hanging off of her shoulders. Her mouth curled up in a toothy grin, lusty and primal, as she kept her gaze trained on Melina, and Melina could swear she saw the crotch of the Chief’s tunic twitch.

Melina swallowed, forcing herself to tear her eyes away from Urza and focus back on the match, though she could feel herself warming under the Chief’s domineering gaze.

Khamina had gotten Malash into a headlock again… the same headlock, Melina surmised, that had won the Captain the match last time. Malash’s eyes were already fluttering as she clawed at the arm round her throat, her loincloth already becoming stained with the spurts that signified she would soon lose control of her bladder, and thus, the match. Khamina grit her teeth, squeezing tighter as Malash’s thrashing became weaker and weaker, struggling and squirming in Khamina’s grasp…

Then suddenly, the Captain let go. In both senses of the word.

As Khamina released Malash’s throat, she grimaced, and a second later golden piss was pouring from between her thighs in a torrent the likes of which Melina had never seen… it was as though someone had upended a bathtub, the way the amber sheets of hot urine were splashing noisily into the ground.

The entire pitch went silent as Khamina continued voiding her bladder on the pitch, their eyes wide in surprise...though no one looked more shocked than Malash, who had paused in her massaging of her neck to stare open-mouthed at the deluge staining her superior’s thighs. After almost 5 minutes, Khamina’s flow abated, the last few droplets snaking lazily down her thighs as she raised her head towards Malash.

Melina blinked...Khamina had lost? But Khamina never lost…especially to the likes of Malash…

She and the rest of the tribe watched as the Chief stepped forward. “Well fought, the both of you…” She murmured, her eyes lingering on Khamina. “But Malash….” She turned to the still tensed and shivering orc who, now that she no longer had adrenaline on her side, seemed to be having a difficult time containing the rest of her own pee.

“...You have emerged the victor. You may now take your-”

Malash didn’t even wait for the orcish Chief to finish her sentence as she pulled aside her own loincloth, jetting forth a stream that was not quite as strong as Khamina’s but nonetheless impressive, indicative of the orc being mere seconds away from such a gush being involuntary. As she continued to pee, the Chief strode over and grabbed her arm, holding it high and bringing forth cheers from some of the crowd and looks of surprise or dismay from the rest.

Ghora and Ognild led the pack of orcs who had sidled up to Malash.

“Blimey, Malash…” Ghora breathed, clapping her still-peeing fellow guard on the back. “You fuckin’ pulled it out...you’re the first of us to beat the Cap’n ever…” She breathed.

Ognild was next, grinning widely. “Guess we can’t make fun of yeh for faintin’ like a chambermaid anymore…” She joked, looking down at the golden cascade from between Malash’s thighs. “Gruumsh’s bollocks, that must feel incredible…”

Malash, for all intents and purposes, had lost her normal off-putting scowl...instead, she still looked quite taken aback, as if she, like her compatriots, had expected herself to lose.

She shot a glance towards Khamina, who was now conversing with the Chief, pee still dripping down her legs.

Their conversation seemed to conclude, as Khamina sighed gently and the Chief strode over to Malash. “Congratulations, Malash…” She murmured, clapping Malash’s shoulder. “You’ve done well. I’m certain I don’t need to impress upon you the significance of your victory…?”

Malash nodded. “I...Yes, I’m aware, Chief…”

Urza nodded. “And for your impressive display, and on the recommendation of Khamina, you’ve been granted a commendation. Live long and serve well...Captain.”

Malash looked up, eyes wide. “...Chief?” She murmured. “But I-I...Khamina-”

“-Has made the decision divide her duties with you, given the need to bolster our forces in the wake of restlessness at the far ends of the forest. She will continue to be responsible for the training and assembling of the guard and you will help lead the veterans when she is doing so. As of this moment, you are equal with her, and answer only to me.”

Ghora and Ognild’s eyes flitted from the Chief to Malash, who still looked stunned.

The Chief chuckled. “Now...I believe you’ve some cleaning up to do, yes?” She murmured, her eyes now flitting to Melina and Orla. “Man cub…” The Chief barked.

Melina swallowed, shuffling forward as she was summoned. She’d been prepared for (and somewhat anticipating) helping Khamina clean...but to be alone with Malash, unable to defend herself...the thought made her sick with fear.

The Chief looked down at the girl, a leering grin on her face. “Make certain the Captain is seen to, young one.” She commanded before turning and striding off.

Malash and Melina both watched her go for a moment before turning and looking at each other. Melina braced herself to be grabbed or yanked by her hair, but Malash only snorted. “Hmph...let’s go.” She growled. Melina followed immediately, not intent on doing anything to upset the belligerent orc… even as Orla was left standing, a worried expression in her sightless eyes.

The new Captain was silent all the way to the washing stalls. Even as she disrobed, she said nary a word, her gaze seeming far away.

Melina fetched the water and the flint for the fire, returning to the stall to find Malash standing there, nude and arms crossed as she stared at the wall.

Melina quickly knelt, striking the flint together to get the tinder burning, not intent on being here any longer than she absolutely had to.

“...She threw the match.” Malash muttered.

Melina blinked, looking up at the orc, who was still staring at the wall. Was she talking to Melina, or to herself? Should she answer? Should she not? Melina wrestled with her indecision for a moment before deciding to throw caution to the wind. “...Pardon?”

Malash huffed. “She should’ve won that fight.”

Melina swallowed, putting the flint away as the tinder finally caught fire. She put the pail over it and sighed. “If she wanted to win...I’m sure she would’ve...”

Malash’s dubious expression darkened even more as she shook her head. “No...She had me. She had me and she was seconds from winnin’, but she let me go.” She turned to Melina, glowering down at her. “Why?”

Melina frowned, looking up. “What makes you think I know?”

Malash snorted. “Cause she’s fucking easy on you, that’s what. Been gettin’ real soft ever since you stepped foot in the Kh’raven compound. What did she tell you? What’s she plannin’?”

Melina pursed her lips again as she went back to tending the flame. “It isn’t like we’re friends, she just hasn’t looked like she actively wants to kill me, not like you…” She muttered, feeling the words tumble out before she could stop herself.

If Malash was offended, though she didn’t show it. Melina waited a few more minutes for the water to heat before pulling the pail off. She stood up and stepped into the stall, only for Malash to grab the bucket and yank it away from her with a rough tug. “I can wash myself…” She muttered.

Melina pursed her lips… the Malash she knew would’ve paid her weight in gold to degrade the human captive by making her wash her, but now...it seemed like there was different fire in her eyes, one that burned for another reason.

Still, Melina didn’t consider it her lot to try and figure out why Malash was acting so strangely...she merely turned and strode away from the stalls as quickly as her feet would carry her, not stopping till she had reached Orla’s hut.

~~~~

As the afternoon wore on and evening approached, Melina felt herself get more and more nervous. The drinking for the contest would start in the morning, though as she thought about it, Melina had no idea how it was supposed to work. Were they to simply start drinking and then wait all day and all night till the start of the contest? Where was it to take place? And if she won...how soon would she be allowed to pee, and then to leave?

Questions like these rattled around the troubled young alchemist’s head, until she’d nearly made herself dizzy.

“...Melina?” Orla murmured, looking up from sewing a leather jerkin. “Are you alright? You haven’t said much since the Match…”

Melina looked up at Orla, whose sightless gaze was fixated right in front of her. She shook her head, stretching. “Oh, uh...it’s nothing, just...Malash was acting strange, after the match. She didn’t make me wash her, and…. She...told me that Captain Khamina threw the match.”

Orla frowned. “So Captain Khamina really did lose? Wow...If I was Malash, I’d be surprised, too…”

Melina looked back up at the orc. “Why? Khamina was bound to lose sometime…”

Orla huffed. “Not to Malash. Not to anyone but the Chief. Khamina is the best by a wide margin, it’s why she was made the Captain even when the men were still around...and everyone’s saying she had Malash dead to rights…”

Melina frowned. “Don’t tell me you think she threw the match? Why would she do that, all you Kh’raven care about is being the strongest, being the best, don’t you?” She snapped, a bit more harshly than she intended.

Noting the hurt expression Orla now wore, Melina was suddenly flooded with guilt. “Orla...I’m sorry, I didn’t-”

Orla held up a hand, shaking her head. “You don’t have to apologize...not to me, not for that. We- I have done my best to make you feel welcome here, but, it isn’t like everyone else has...I’d be angry, too…”

Melina pursed her lips, looking back down at the ground. “Well...maybe “hate” is a strong word...things could be worse, I suppose…” She trailed off flatly.

Orla frowned, finally setting her sewing needles down. “...There is something else bothering you…”

Melina sat in silence for a moment, hands on her knees. “Orla, my entire life hinges on tomorrow...whether or not I get to see my friends and family again...I just…”

She swallowed. “I’m scared...scared that the lumencap won’t be enough…”

Orla pursed her lips, setting down her jerkin and folding her hands in her lap. “Melina...I told you this morning, the plan will work… I promise you, you will get back home.” She murmured. Melina looked up, seeing Orla’s reassuring smile...and she actually felt a little better. “Ah...thank you, I-” Just then, there was a knock at the door.

Melina and Orla both turned towards the sound, and then each other. Swallowing, Melina got to her feet, pulling the door open to reveal one of the perimeter guard.

“There is a feast being held in honor of Captain Malash’s ascendency in rank...you and Orla are teh make sure everyone is served and that things get cleaned up. Come with me.”

Melina and Orla looked at one another… never before had they been invited to dine with the rest of the camp before. Melina would much rather have stayed in the hut, but she could tell by the gruff expression on the orc guard’s face that they didn’t have much of a choice.

A few moments, later, the pair were following the guard back through the camp. Night had fallen, the full moon illuminating the entirety of the compound and casting long shadows over the ground as it hit the wooden parapets. The camp was all but deserted...everyone must’ve been at this banquet. Ahead, Melina could already hear the hooting and hollering of the scout guard and the Chief’s entourage carrying away in the mess hall.

The sound only got louder the closer they got, until finally they reached the slatted wooden doors. The guard pushed it open and immediately Melina was assailed by the heady aromas of roast boar, heather ale and the musk of several orc bodies packed into the same room.

All around, verdant amazons carried on like heathens, tearing into sides of ham or upending flagons of ale into their mouths. There was arm wrestling, joke-telling, all manner of laughter and riot… A heavy *thunk* from across the way alerted Melina to the knowledge that a few of the orcs were having hatchet throwing contests against the far wall...and to her dismay, each participant had a flagon of ale in her hand.

Orla’s empty eyes widened as they made their way further inside… A small smile came to her lips. “They...sound like they’re enjoying themselves…” She murmured. Melina shot a glance at her friend, debating on whether or not to tell her about the potentially dangerous hatchet throwing game going on.

As they reached the center of the room, Melina glanced up and saw the Chief reclining on a chair elevated on a tiered dais near the head of the table, smirking as she observed the raucous carrying-ons of her tribe. Next to her was Khamina, who looked far more reserved than Melina had ever seen her… a flagon in one hand, the other on her knee, her chin resting upon her, her gaze far away.

On the Chief’s other side, looking decidedly perplexed by all the new attention, was Malash. She’d been given her own gold ring to put around her tusk, signifying her status as a Captain in the tribe. A few of the orcs were coming up to her, clinking their flagons with hers or slapping her shoulder, or otherwise trying to buddy up with their new superior, but most seemed happy to have a night off to eat, drink and make arses of themselves with their comrades, occasion be damned.

Malash, for all the attention, didn’t look nearly as pleased as Melina would’ve thought someone who’d just bested her rival and earned a new title in the same day would’ve looked. In fact, the newly ascended captain’s focus appeared to be mainly on Khamina, across the aisle from her…

The Chief sat up, rolling her shoulders and grabbing the bronze-tipped spear next to her, raising it and bringing it down hard on the table. The rest of the orcs stopped their celebration immediately, turning toward their leader.

Urza looked over the now attentive orcs, sitting up and swinging her powerful legs over her seat before getting to her feet. Melina noticed, with some surprise, that the orc Chief had forgone her normal lower-half coverings, instead clad in something of a loincloth-tunic hybrid beneath her roughhide jerkin and bearskin cape.

“We assemble this evening to celebrate the taking of a mantle.” She called as she began descending the steps of the dais.

“Our comrade Malash showed strength, fortitude and will unseen by any other besides Captain Khamina...and for that alone, she is to be commended. But not only that… she proved that to be counted out is tinder for pressing on, not for giving in. She persevered despite the adversity, embodied the warrior spirit we pride ourselves upon...and the Kh’raven recognize her victory.”

Suddenly, the Chief’s eyes flitted to Melina and Orla, still near the entrance. Her toothy grin returned. “And speaking of insurmountable odds…”

Melina felt the color drain from her face as the entirety of the mess hall turned to look at her. She felt nearly sick with fear as the Chief approached, looming larger than Melina had imagined. She knew the Chief was tall, but having only ever encountered her sitting down or in a crowd, she hadn’t been able to appreciate just how imposing the orc chieftain was.

The 7-and-a-half foot jade behemoth stopped just shy of the pale young alchemist, grinning down at her with an expression that surely would strike fear into even the most hardened knights. Melina swallowed, feeling her legs wobble beneath her as she did her best not to faint on the spot.

“Bravery and foolishness are easily mistaken, especially among your kind, man-cub…” She murmured, causing a rumble of laughter from the gathered orcs. “Or perhaps...Hubris? After all, your ilk have purged much of the forest of it’s natural beauty in order to build your towns and chapels and castles… only the truly arrogant believe themselves masters of all they see. I was surprised to receive your challenge, given you seem to be more intelligent than most anyone one else from Man’s Country… but perhaps part of you believes you truly do stand a chance?”

Melina tried to swallow, but her mouth was so dry she did little else than merely scrape the parts of her throat together.

The Chief’s grin widened. “I suppose that is my fault… You’ve seen more of me than most, and yet I haven’t truly shown you what I am capable of… perhaps a demonstration?”

The Chief stepped back, holding out her spear. Immediately, one of her guards rushed forward to take it. The Chief’s eyes never left the young alchemist as she began undoing the cinch around her tunic, loosening the material some before reaching behind her loincloth, fiddling with what seemed to be even more knots…

The orc chief let out a gentle sigh as bits of thick twine fell from between her legs, and her large, throbbing green cock swung freely between her legs...Melina realized with a jolt that it had actually been tied to her right thigh, like one might tie a prized hog to the back of a horse.

The Chief grasped her member, pulling it up and out into full view of the assembly. A wave of musk hit Melina in the face that made her already weak knees shake like jelly...and she wasn’t the only one. The nearest orcs to the chief inhaled sharply, and out of the corner of her eye Melina could see their gazes glued hungrily to their Chief’s rod, nipples tenting their tunics as their mouths began to water. Melina couldn’t blame them...she found her own eyes inexplicably drawn to it...just as magnificent as the first time she saw it. Even flaccid, it looked as thick around as her forearm, the smooth dark green glans glinting gently in the firelight...For a fleeting moment, Melina thought about whether or not it would be so bad to spend the rest of her life worshipping that magnificent tool...rubbing it, licking it, kissing it… taking it in her-

She quickly shook her head to rid herself of the intrusive thoughts, her cheeks reddening quite deeply.

The Chief smirked, aiming her thick one-eyed serpent at the ground before Melina. The blonde’s eyes widened in realization of what the Chief was about to do a second before the first steaming gout of fragrant piss jetted forth from the powerful member, splattering onto the ground with a sound like heavy rain on stone. Melina instinctively tread backwards to avoid splashback, but she still felt a few droplets hit her leg.

Two, three, four, five minutes passed as the Chief was still going as strong as when she first started. She grinned as she continued to drain herself onto the dirt before her, with a stream as thick and steady as the fountains in the town square of Melina’s home. The evidence of her gargantuan capacity spread all across the ground, back towards the table where the orcs were lifting their feet to avoid getting their galoshes wet, and and even over to the mess hall entrance where Orla was standing.

Melina felt her heart drop to her stomach… she’d never seen so much pee before, and the Chief didn’t even look fazed for having held what looked to be a couple barrels’ worth inside her cavernous bladder. Not to mention, the sound of the orc relieving herself reminded Melina about her own bladder, steadily filling throughout the day and deciding to make its presence known in a not-quite-subtle manner. Her legs involuntarily squeezed together as the Chief continued to release a load that would’ve filled her own bladder 9 times over, without so much as a sigh.

Finally, after nearly 8 minutes, Chief Urza’s stream finally began to slow, though it was still another 30 seconds or so before it abated completely. Nearly the entire northwest quadrant was now soaked with the Chief’s steaming pee; Orla had winced as it began to soak into her shoes.

Letting out a snort, the Chief tucked herself back away, grinning at the expression on Melina’s face. “Ah, yes...now you truly see what you are up against, girl…” She chuckled, crossing her arms. “Which is why I am giving you a sporting chance.”

Melina tore her eyes away from the towering orc’s crotch, forcing herself to look up at the Chief. “...What? I-”

Urza’s grinning lips curled back over her teeth again. “Customarily, we would both empty ourselves at dawn and then withhold from relief for the day, beginning the contest the next morning… But seeing as you are at such a disadvantage, I am going to begin my abstinence now. By the time you empty yourself to start the contest, I will have already gone an entire night without relieving myself, and…”

She clapped her hands, and suddenly a group of orcs entered from behind her makeshift throne, carrying in more barrels of mead.

“...having been properly hydrated with my own, vast personal stores.”

Melina swallowed again. A headstart...the Chief clearly didn’t expect it to make a difference, this was a ploy to make her victory all the more impressive. She obviously didn’t know what had happened to her mead, and now she was going to subject herself to roughly 12 additional hours of holding in the diuretic laced brew… all in the name of proving herself truly superior.

Melina said nothing as the Chief held out her hand for her spear. “Let it not be said that Chief Urza is not fair.” She chuckled, turning and heading back towards her throne. Melina was rooted to the spot, able to only stare as the Chieftain sat back down on her throne, gesturing for a flagon and one of her barrels.

“Good luck on the morrow, man-cub…” She smirked. And with that, the orcs turned back to the table, the din slowly resurging as they began eating and drinking once more.

After a short while , Orla came up next to her, her blind gaze staring before her. “Did...I just hear what I thought I heard…?”

Melina took a deep breath. “Yeah...the Chief just took her last pee till the end of the contest…”

Orla nodded, slightly open mouth. “And she...doesn’t know that her mead is-”

“-Yeah.” Melina said, feeling her entire body shiver as she watched the Chief knock back her first few flagons of mead from her special barrels. Somehow, the knowledge that the Chief was not only being imbued with gallons of spiked mead guaranteed to fill an orc’s bladder fuller than it had ever been, but was also doing so 12 hours before she needed to…

Melina inhaled sharply, feeling her nipples stiffen underneath her smallshirt. “I-let’s just get on with cleaning…”

The celebration continued late into the night, with both Malash and Khamina slowly becoming more and more like they normally were the more inebriated they got. Melina and Orla had gotten fresh water from the well to pour over the expansive stain the Chief had left on the dirt, and had since been clearing away excess dishes and flagons from the table.

As the night wore on, though, Melina began to notice a problem. A few of the orcs near the head of the table had slowed their drinking, and weren’t participating as heavily in the roughhousing their compatriots were. Instead, they seemed to quiet down a bit, going somewhat still as they shifted around in their seats. A few more continued on just as rambunctious as before, but they kept their legs close together in almost awkward stances more often than not.

It was innocuous enough so that Melina didn’t really pay it any mind, focused as she was on making sure the Chief was keeping a good flow going. She needn’t have worried...the Chief’s cup never remained empty. In fact, it looked as though she was deliberately drinking more than usual as though to double down on her offer to make the contest more fair.

Melina smirked inwardly...the Chief was evening the odds, alright…

Finally, the Chief sent the party off to their respective abodes. Orc after orc staggered out of the mess hall, plastered beyond belief...and again, a few of them showed signs of strain...a slight wince here, a small twitch there… a few even shuffled from foot to foot, though it looked to Melina a consequence of their drunken state. She stayed behind with Orla to finish cleaning the dishes, and by the time they did, it was near midnight by Melina’s estimate. The pair of them left the mess hall, dragging their feet in exhaustion. Melina could not wait to get back to the hut and sleep… she had quite a long day before her tomorrow, and she’d need all her strength.

Finally, they reached Orla’s home, each groaning as they entered the squat hut. Melina pulled the door closed behind them, sighing gently.

Orla staggered over and collapsed onto her stool, rubbing her neck. “What a day…” She muttered.

Melina chuckled tiredly. “Tomorrow’ll be even harder, at least for me…” She muttered, looking at the fire.

Orla looked up, smiling gently. “...You can do this, Melina. I was confident in you even before the Chief decided to fill herself up a full night before the contest started...in two days time you’ll be a free woman. I promise.”

Melina smiled back, reddening a bit as she brushed her hair back behind her ear. “Thanks, Orla, I...you know, I couldn’t have done this without you. Whatever happens, I want you to know that.”

Orla returned the smile, lowering her head in somewhat of a bashful gesture. “I...I’ll miss you...it’s been nice, having someone to talk to who understands me...or even wants to...It...Yeah…”

Melina gently bit her bottom lip, as if wrestling with something, and before she knew it, she had lurched forward, planting a swift but gentle kiss on the young orc’s lips.

Orla’s milky white eyes widened in surprise at the sudden kiss, and as Melina pulled back, she noted the girl’s shocked expression. Embarrassment, hot and sour, rose in her stomach as she began stammering out apologies.

“O-Oh, Orla, I’m sorry, I just...y-you know you had said...things, a-and I thought...I thought...Oh, please don’t hate me…”

To her credit, the young Orc was quite adept at hiding any deeper reactions. Melina watched her on tenterhooks, deathly afraid that she’d overstepped...But after a moment, Orla leaned forward, reaching out to feel for Melina’s face and pulling her into a gentle kiss over own.

Melina’s eyelids fluttered as she felt Orla's surprisingly soft lips on her own once again... she was just barely beginning to lean into the kiss when Orla pulled away, her lips still puckered.

“Don’t be sorry…” She said softly, smiling as her cheeks reddened. “Just go get some rest.”

Melina sat there swaying for a while before doing as instructed, rising up out of her chair and making her way back to the small bed she had called her own for the past week.

As she lay down, she traced her fingers over her lips, still tingling from where Orla’s had touched them. With a smile, she closed her eyes.

TO BE CONCLUDED....
