Might Is Merit: A Rivenwelle Tale

Author: Foxlover

*005*2020-10-21 22:10

CHAPTER 3: Servitude

Melina was awoken by the smell of something cooking. It was....rich, aromatic, and a bit spicy… entirely foreign but still quite delicious-smelling. She sat up under the quilts, looking around the space. The room was still dim, illuminated only by the light shining around the thick curtain separating the room from the rest of the hut.

The hut….

Suddenly, the events of the past day flooded into Melina’s mind. The expedition, falling into the ravine, being found by the orcs, being brought to the Chief, weeing herself like a little girl…

Reality, cold and harsh, washed over her like a wave. She swallowed, trying to force down the anxiety welling up within her chest… she was bound to serve these creatures for the next few months, and she had no idea what such things would entail, but she could almost guarantee it would be unpleasant…

She took a shuddering gasp, tears welling at the corners of her eyes as she continued to contemplate her lot… what were her choices? She could try to run, but there were guard towers all over the place, and they were all in view of the exit. Even if she managed to escape, she had no idea where she was...she’d simply be wandering the forest, waiting for something even nastier than the orcs to find her.

Her shoulders slumped as the hopelessness of her situation continued to settle on her...she was well and truly trapped…

“Melina?” Came a voice from the other side of the curtain.

The young blonde blinked, turning towards the sound. “...Oh! Orla!” She exclaimed to herself, completely forgetting her woes as her host’s voice carried over to her.

The curtain was pulled back, causing Melina to shield her eyes from the sudden light as Orla peered down at her. She was dressed differently today, clad in a sleeveless dark leather vest that extended down past her waist over her skirts and was cinched with a belt adorned with all manner of pouches.

Melina’s eyes briefly flitted to Orla’s arms, fully exposed… they still were considerably more slender than the beefy strongwomen of the tribe, but they were no less sculpted, probably from years of stirring orcish concoctions.

Reddening gently, Melina cleared her throat.

“Erm...good morning…” She murmured.

Orla smiled gently. “Oh, good, you’re awake. You should get up and get dressed, breakfast is nearly done… and we’ll need to eat quickly, I imagine they’re finishing up at the mess hall soon…”

Melina blinked, frowning. “There’s a mess hall? Wait...so, why are you eating here?”

Orla chuckled, pushing the curtain further back. “All they like is to grab legs of mutton and tear into them...I prefer my breakfasts to have a little more...I dunno, variety.” She tittered, still smiling as she turned and sauntered back to the cauldron that Melina assumed was the source of the scent.

Her stomach growled… she realized she hadn’t eaten since yesterday afternoon, and she was quite famished.

She pushed the quilts off of her and swung her legs over the side of the bed, getting to her feet. She looked around for a moment before spotting her trousers, folded neatly at the foot of the bed, underneath her freshly cleaned boots. With a sigh, she pulled them on, tugged on her boots and followed her nose out to the food.

Orla was back in the main parlour, stirring the contents of the cauldron. Melina smoothed down the night-tunic she’d been given as she strode in, looking around. “So, um… once we eat, we go to the mess hall?”

Orla turned round, nodding gently as she took the cauldron off the flame and set it on the linens before setting a flat pan-like surface over the flame. “Yes, but don’t worry… there won’t be too much of a mess to clean up, the losers of yesterday’s match will be on chore duty for the week, they’ll probably have taken care of it…”

Melina frowned, looking over at Orla. “...Yesterday’s match?”

Orla chuckled gently to herself as she reached over towards a small shelf above the table, grabbing a few eggs and cracking them into the sizzling pan. “The Kh’raven are an...interesting folk.” She said, her speech just as cryptic as last night. “There’s another match happening this morning...It would be easier for you to see than for me to simply tell you…”

Melina furrowed her brow, a strange sense of foreboding in her chest. “Come on, what is it? Is it some sort of sport?”

Orla raised her head, gently tapping her chin. “...Yeah, I’d say so.” She said, her grin returning as she turned her sightless gaze towards Melina.

Melina got the sense the orc girl was enjoying being deliberately vague, and so she decided to leave the subject alone. “Fine...so, what are you making?”

Orla seemingly ignored her question, merely pointing up towards the higher shelf. “Grab two of those bowls, will you?”

Melina huffed gently, but she acquiesced, striding over and grabbing two roughhewn wooden bowls down from above the cauldron and holding them out towards Orla. The orcish alchemist scooped the eggs off the pan with a wooden slat, sliding two into each bowl. She then took both the bowls and grabbed the iron ladle resting against the side of the cauldron, dipping it inside. She scooped up what looked to be a thick, rich brown stew that she ladled over the eggs, handing one bowl to Melina and keeping the other for herself.

Melina took a deep whiff, and immediately her mouth started watering, she was so hungry. As soon as Orla gave her a spoon, she dug in, practically shoving spoonfuls of the spicy brown gravy and eggs into her mouth.

Orla couldn’t help but chuckle as she sat down on a nearby stool with her own bowl, beginning to eat with a much less fervent speed.

Melina cleaned her bowl in nothing flat, smacking her lips and looking around towards the cauldron.

Orla looked up, only half-way through her own bowl. “The way you eat, I’d imagine you’ll fit in fine around here…” She chuckled, causing Melina to blush.

“...Sorry, I...hadn’t eaten since yesterday…”

Orla holds up a hand, shaking her head. “Don’t apologize...to be honest, most of my kin think you humans are too prim and proper anyways, it’s nice to see someone unabashedly enjoying themselves...well, figuratively, at least…” She added, her sightless eyes crinkling up in her cheeky grin.

Melina offered a small chuckle of her own… despite her instincts to remain guarded here, Orla was simply too easy to be around.

After a few more moments, the orc girl had finished as well, setting her own bowl down and getting to her feet. “Right then…” She murmured, dusting herself off. “Ready to go?”

~~~~~

As the door swung open, Melina blinked in the light of the late morning sun, shining down warmly on the camp. The wooden walls cast short shadows over the grassy clearings, making this particular sector of the village look still somewhat dark. Melina noticed that the towers looked to be even more intricate in daylight, wooden slats latticed all up the sides as a rope ladder hung down the front for the guards to climb in and out.

In fact, she could see one now… a large green leg swung out of the nearest tower, resting on the top most rung before the rest of the orc followed. She looked no different than the other orcs from the back, bald save for a long braid protruding from the crown of her head. She too was clad in tightly wound leather pauldrons, a cloth tunic underneath her loincloth and her own leather vest that seemed to fasten in the back with brass clasps… though Melina noticed those clasp were undone. As she descended the ladder, Melina couldn’t help but notice her climbing was a little awkward. Her thighs were pressed together, making for some strange footwork as she tried to ease her way down the rope.

As she got to the ground, she stood, tensed for a minute before rolling her shoulders and turning around, making towards the camp proper with the same stiff tension in her body and her vest strangely pushed slightly out and away from her body.

Melina watched her go, frowning. “What’s the matter with her?” She asked.

Orla turned to Melina, frowning. “With who?”

Melina blinked. “What do you mean? That guard right there, didn’t you see her- oh…”

Her face burned with embarrassment as she cleared her throat, merely striding forward after the guard towards the main part of camp.

The rest of the camp was already alive with activity, multiple orcs striding across the pitch with crates under their arms or piles of weapons in their hands. The air was full of idle chatter, and somewhere in the distance, the grinding of a whetstone could be heard. In the light of day, Melina couldn’t help but noticed how much bigger everyone looked...except for Orla, not a single Orc was under 6 feet tall, most averaging to be at least a few inches taller than that, and every one of them had stacked bodies rippling with muscle and sinew that made Melina weak in the knees. Any one of these hulking amazons could snap her neck with a flex of their wrists, and she just had to pray none of them would get the urge.

Speaking of urge… Melina felt the barest twinges of a filling bladder within her abdomen. Having soiled herself so completely yesterday, and not having had much to drink since, it was not a strong sensation by any means...but she was quite paranoid about it now, especially seeing how she hadn’t noticed any facilities here last night.

Before she could fixate on the apparent lack of places one might relieve themselves, Melina felt Orla steering her away from the main pitch and towards the other archway leading to the eastern pavilion of the camp, where she could see a large wooden building that she assumed had to be the mess hall.

Upon entering, she was immediately assaulted by the dizzying scent of ale and the raucous laughter of the orc guard all crowded around the giant wooden table. All of them were talking and laughing and shoving and generally making nuisances of themselves, all with flagons of ale in their hands.

Towards the head of the table was Khamina, the loudest of all, pounding her fist on the table and waving her flagon back and forth, sloshing ale all across the table as she did.

Melina swallowed, trying her best to make herself seem small as she and Orla made their way further inside.

“OI!”

Melina flinched and raised her head in time to see the braid-headed orc from earlier...the one that had tortured Melina to the point of wetting herself, leering at her with a wide grin. “If it ain't Milkweed and her new pet! Just in time!”

The rest of the orcs howled in laughter, and Melina found her cheeks burning with indignation. Orla too frowned, though her expression was more one of quiet reservedness. “Good morning, Malash…” she murmured quietly.

Malash upended the rest of her flagon into her mouth, belching before setting it down. “Yer just in time...me an’ the gals just finished up here. Perimeter guard just came in from their shift, so, hope you got that lime-whatever ready, I imagine we’re gonna have a soakin’ floor here soon…”

“*hff, hff*... f-fuck off, Malash…” Huffed a voice from the other side of the table. Melina recognized this one, too… the one who’d come down from that tower. She had stood, glowering at the guard captain’s second in command with her thighs still pressed tightly together and undulating against one another. “Perimeter guard’s just fine…”

Malash chuckled, shrugging. “If yeh say so, Murob...looks like yer about t’spill a gusher right now… and yer squad doesn’t look much better...” She cackled, gesturing to the row of squirming, wiggling orc guards. Each bore a look of extreme discomfort on their tusken faces, and there was a fair amount of creaking as they ground their giant green asses into the bench.

“Ain’t about to spill nothin’. We spend all day and night in those towers without a single change while the rest of yeh just hose down any tree whenever the mood strikes ya...” The orc woman smirked, her hands on the table and her undulating hips betraying her smug taunts.

Malash’s grin only widened. “Fine. Let’s see, then...who can sit here the longest. Losers take the first watch of winter.”

Murob snorted. “Yer on. Yer gonna eat your fuckin’ words, rot-tusk...

“Oh, I think I’m startin’ to want yeh teh make me, puny-pouch…” Malash responded in kind, eyeing her rival with a strange hunger.

“Hey, both a’ you knock it off.” Khamina called over the din, glaring at the two of them. “Both of yeh are gettin’ on my fuckin’ nerves. Murob, why don’t yeh take a walk and cool off… Malash, sit down and stop being so fuckin’ annoying.” She grumbled.

Malash’s grin soured immediately at this, but after a single glare from Khamina, she scowled and took a seat anyway, grumbling to herself.

“What was that?” Khamina asked immediately, glaring at Malash, who merely set her jaw.

“Hmph...that’s what I thought. Alright, you lumps, break’s over...Tarog, you lost the match yesterday, so you get to clean up, but lucky for you, you got help.” She said, grinning over at Melina.

As all eyes turned to her, Melina reddened, dropping her gaze again.

“Oi...isn’t that the human Malash made piss herself last night?”

“I think it is...Ghora said she’d been holdin’ it all day…”

“That’s nothin’, Ognild told me she liked it…”

“Hahaha, no way? She liked gettin’ piss on her? Shit, I ain’t been since the hunt yesterday morning! Hey, humie, I got some piss for yeh, yeh wanna-”

“Alright...That’s enough.” Khamina huffed, though one could tell she was trying to suppress a grin. “Guard, time for rounds. Perimeter, back to your stations. The rest of you...I dunno, go make yourselves useful. If you want a piss, now’s the time, cause once we get to work, that’s it for the day.”

The orcs nodded, grumbling as they got up and started leaving the table… though more than a few of them winced while doing so, looking to be moving just as stiffly as Murob was earlier, though they seemed to be taking great lengths not to show it. Melina could tell, though, they all were in varying states of discomfort… and by the number of empty flagons on the table, it wasn’t surprising. Only one stayed behind; a thicker orc with more pronounced hips wiggling to and fro and two twin braids running down her back. With a glower, she turned to Melina.

“Well?” She sneered. “Clean this up, gorgeous.”

Melina swallowed and nodded, immediately setting to collecting the spent flagons from the table.

At this, Orla frowned, looking. “Khamina said these were your chores, Tarog…” She huffed. “You can’t just pawn them off on our guest.”

Tarog snorted. “The hell I can’t…It’s been a while since we had a grunt around here...” She muttered, grinning as she popped Melina’s arse, causing the young girl to yelp. “Khamina said she’s supposed to help. She’s helpin’. If you wanna speed up the process, go right ahead, milkweed.” She muttered, flexing her shoulders. “I’m off teh take a slash n’ train. And you’d better do a damn good job, cause if I get in trouble, you get in trouble.” She growled at Melina before storming out of the mess hall.

Melina said nothing, merely continuing to collect the flagons and trying not to let the orc’s words get to her.

Orla sighed, shaking her head. “...I’m sorry, we really are an inconsiderate bunch…” She murmured.

Melina shook her head. “It’s alright...the less time I have to spend around these louts, the better…” She grumbled. “Erm...present company excluded…”

Orla smiled, feeling her way towards the table and beginning to help clear it off.

They worked in silence for a few moments, clearing most everything off and rubbing down the tables before the door swung open, and in came Murob, back from her walk and looking decidedly worried; her meaty fists were clenched by her sides, her hips swaying to and fro.

The orcess frowned, glaring around. “Where’d everyone go?”

Orla looked up, her empty gaze rising. “Khamina dismissed them. They’ve gone to their duties for the day.”

Murob’s eyes widened. “Have they!? Oh, thank Belok…” She hissed, hurriedly hoisting her tunic up and pushing a thick green hand into her crotch, gritting her teeth as she did so. “Fuck, I gotta piss…”

Melina blinked, reddening as she realized what was going on.

After a few moments, the woman sighed gently, apparently getting the urge under control. She grunted, sighing as she moved her clothes back into place before looking up at Melina. “Yeh aren’t gonna breathe a word of this.” She hissed threateningly before turning and stalking back out the door.

Melina merely stared at the door, open-mouthed in shock, her cyan eyes wide as she looked back at Orla.

“Did you-did she just-why did she-”

Orla chuckled gently, raising her head towards Melina. “Like I told you...we’re an interesting folk…”

Melina swallowed. “B-but she just-I mean she- a-and just out in the open…”

Orla nodded. “Yeah, and it sounded like she really needed it....I’m sure you can relate...” she added with a grin.

Melina set her jaw, slamming a flagon down and turning to Orla with hands on her hips. “Okay, what is this all about? And earlier, with those...those comments…” She muttered, reddening even more.

Orla’s grin only widened. “It’s...a little odd…” She murmured. “Basically, they-

“Oi!” Came a call from outside. “The match is startin’ Make sure all your bets are placed!”

Melina blinked, looking over at Orla.

The young sightless orc chuckled. “Providence...come on, this’ll be better than my explanation…”

The two left the mess hall and emerged back into the main pavilion, where a crowd of orcs was forming around the center pitch.

Melina and Orla came around and squeezed through a hole in the crowd towards the front, where they- or at least Melina - had a much better view.

She could see that there were two orc women in the center, each stretching their arms and flexing their muscles in displays of intimidation. Both were nearly nude, save for long loincloths and scant fur bras that barely contained their sumptuous breasts. Both eyed each other with an intense competitiveness...and another emotion that Melina couldn’t quite place.

The most curious thing, however, was how each of them was sporting a considerable, rotund bulge in their abdomens...hard prominent lumps nestled right over their crotches and stretching their jade skin in almost grotesque fashions.

Melina frowned. “Erm… Orla…” She murmured. “Their stomachs…”

Orla took a deep breath, nodding. “Remember what I told you about how the Kh’raven value strength? Well, I meant in all its forms. Not just being able to swing a sword or lift a tree trunk, but...fortitude. Willpower. The ability to control your body through any circumstance, even..extreme need to relieve oneself.”

Melina blinked, slowly looking up at Orla. “The need to…?” She trailed off as a bell was struck and the two orc women crouched, beginning to circle one another.

Orla nodded again. “It manifests everywhere, even in our sports. This is an Endurance Match...you and your opponent both relieve yourselves at dawn. Then, you wait all day and all night without peeing before meeting up on this pitch to wrestle the next day… first one to give in and soil herself loses, which is seen as an act of extreme dishonor.”

Melina swallowed, feeling her head begin to swim. “So...t-they just...grapple each other and try not to pee?”

Orla nodded. “More or less. There are rules, of course… no weapons, no gut punches, no scratching, all that...but beyond that, it’s simply a battle of wills. Anything goes.”

Melina watched the two orcs flex their shoulders, still circling round and glaring each other down. “So...you all do this...for fun!?” She hissed incredulously.

Orla’s grin returned. “Some do. It actually started as a rite of passage for becoming part of the guard, the toughest of us, and slowly it grew from there. Now it’s mostly a way to challenge for ranks, place bets, settle arguments… the more you can hold and the longer you can hold it, the more respect you get. Some say the Chief’ll go days without peeing, without even breaking a sweat.”

Melina swallowed. “That sounds...erm, painful…” She murmured, though her eyes remained glued to the circling orc women.

Orla nodded. “It certainly can be, but… to tell you the truth, some do grow to enjoy feeling their bladders stretch beyond their limits, swelling with urine for hours on end without the slightest intention of relieving that pressure…” She murmured, taking another deep breath.

Just then, the orcs lunged for each other, prompting a cheer from the crowd as they grappled each other's shoulders. They snarled, both staggering around the pitch, muscles straining as they tried to force each other backwards.

One of the orcs, lighter green and slightly taller, planted her feet, bearing down her arms on her shorter, darker opponent. This orc was forced to widen her stance in order to hold her ground, and one could see her thighs quivering as she fought both against her opponent and her straining bladder. She managed to break the grasp, staggering back and taking a deep breath, her whole body flexing as she tensed...it was clear she’d been seconds away from spurting, but she just barely held herself back.

Melina reddened even further. It was all so...strange...Sure, it wasn’t as if Melina herself didn’t take pride in her prodigious bladder capacity, and, yes, perhaps some times she could have availed herself of the privy, she chose not to, but those were purely for reasons of convenience...right?

“Does...does everyone participate in these, then?”

Orla nodded. “For the most part. Khamina there’s the reigning champion.” She murmured, nodding to the guard captain on the other side of the pitch, arms crossed and gaze focused as she watched the two women grapple. “She hasn’t lost one challenge…”

Melina frowned. “Wait, so...she’s the strongest?”

Orla shrugged. “The strongest to be challenged. There’s still the Chief, of course, no one has dared challenge her in years...and even if they did, they’d lose. Even Khamina can’t outlast the Chief…And she’s tried.”

Melina swallowed again, cheeks red and her head still a bit hazy as she turned back to the match. The taller orc had the shorter one in a headlock, forcing her to drop to one knee. Her powerful arms flexed as she tried to pry her opponent’s arm from around her neck, her face turning an even darker green as she struggled. The taller orc looped her other arm underneath the shorter one’s armpits in an attempt to force her hands up, but the slight shift in pressure was all the shorter orc needed. With a heavy grunt, she lurched forward with all her strength, pulling the taller orc off of her feet with a grunt and slamming her on her back before her. The taller orc yelped as she was flung, grunting as she hit the dirt and immediately arching her back, her thighs quivering as she barely managed to avoid losing the flood.

The shorter orc was quick to capitalize on this reversal of fortune, grabbing her opponent’s arms and forcing them upwards above her head. Her legs then swung over the taller orc’s shoulders and down, snaking up under her thighs and forcing them apart so that she couldn’t close them if she wanted to. With a wicked grin, she reached down and began roughly massaging the taut bulge in the taller orc’s abdomen.

Melina’s breath caught in her throat as she watched the poor orc woman’s distended bladder get rolled around and squeezed without there being a thing she could do about it. The taller orc thrashed and hissed, but what she had in height she lacked in physical strength, unable to break free of the shorter orc’s vice grip. And so, she simply lay there, writhing helpless as the shorter orc palpated her swollen bladder, forcing the urine down towards her weakening peehole. The entire crowd watched in fervid anticipation for the inevitable outcome, and within a few minutes, the taller orc’s muscles gave out. With a cry, a gout of urine sprayed high into the sky, twinkling radiantly in the sunlight as it arced through the air before splattering down noisily on the dirt, causing a cheer to go up from the crowd.

The shorter orc released her still-peeing opponent, getting unsteadily to her feet and pumping a fist into the air, her own thighs defiantly spread even as they shook with the effort of holding her own urine in.

Just then, Chief Urza held up her hand, and the crowd went silent. “Well fought, both of you… but Kasha, you’ve emerged the winner, and we all know what that means…” She trailed off with a grin.

“VICTORY PISS! VICTORY PISS!” The crowd cried.

The shorter orc grinned, haughtily pulling aside her own loincloth and letting lose her own waters into the dirt by the taller orc’s feet. The crowd cheered even harder for that, whooping and hollering and laughing as the victor’s stream began to run down and mix with the loser’s puddle. Melina swallowed, her face as red as ever as the orc took her victory lap, high-fiving and grasping forearms getting no small amount of friendly swats to her thick, gropable ass...possibly a few more than were necessary, seeing as soon as she got one, quite a few orcs pushed each other aside for a chance to spank the mound of jiggling green flesh.

The taller orc was still on the ground, eyes fluttering as she positively flooded the pitch in her urine...no one seemed to be paying her any mind; or rather, they were going to great lengths not to.

Finally, the victorious orc got round to Khamina, who grinned and clapped her on the back. “Fuckin’ superb, Kasha…” She chuckled, her eyes quickly moving down to trace over the orc woman’s voluptuous form. “Didn’t know if you were gonna pull it out for a second there, Mazog looked like she had you…”

The Orc Kasha grinned, cackling herself. “Fuckin’ nearly did...thought I was a goner when she got her hand on me neck, and I could feel her b- erm, well, I thought she had me.” She finished, chuckling again.

Just then, another orc emerged next to Khamina...this one a fair bit taller, and dressed in an interleaved leather tunic and calf-high leather boots. Her pauldrons were silver, shining in the light, and her loincloth nearly reached the ground.

“Most impressive.” Chief Urza murmured, grinning down at the orc. Immediately, Kasha bowed her head, a fist over her heart. “Ah, C-Chief!” She exclaimed. “I, uh...didn’t know you were watching…”

The Chief chuckled drily. “Well, I didn’t want to put any undue pressure on you… but I do greatly enjoy these matches, and you both performed beautifully...shame Mazog couldn’t pull it out…” She muttered, casting a disdainful glance towards the orc still on the ground.

Khamina and Kasha both turned towards Mazog, frowning piteously.

Chief Urza strode past them, over to the fallen orc. “Get up and go get cleaned up.” She said shortly before moving on. Kasha strode up after her, looking down at her opponent and offering a hand. “Yeh gave me a helluva fight…”

Mazog swallowed, her cheeks dark green with humiliation as she looked up at Kasha. “Hmph…” She muttered, but she took the hand anyway, and was hoisted up.

Mazog swallowed again, looking away. “Thanks…”

Kasha nodded, turning back towards the pitch and moving to receive more adulation...though one could see her rump swaying this way and that as she felt Mazog’s gaze on it.

Melina felt a hand on her shoulder as Orla turned towards her. “Come on… let’s get back to the hut, don’t wanna be hanging around here…” The young blonde nodded, her eyes tracing over the orcs who were busy chatting with one another, all bearing the same strange tension in their faces. Best go while they were preoccupied.

As the pair made their way away from the pitch, Orla sighed gently, turning to Melina. “So...now you know about our...strange fascinations…” She chuckled.

Melina nodded, though her cheeks were still red. “I didn’t think you were serious…” She murmured. “It all seems so odd, a-and...a little...I dunno, lewd…”

Orla bit her lip, her own cheeks coloring. “Well, actually, we-”

“And where do you think you’re going?” Said a voice from behind her. Melina whirled around to find herself staring at a well muscled midriff, her eyes trailing upward past those mountainous breasts to the leering face of Malash.

Next to her was the victorious orc Kasha, peering at Melina with curiosity.

Orla immediately bowed her head, her fist over her chest in a similar manner to what Kasha had done. “Excuse us, Malash, we were just returning to our quarters…

The orcess chuckled wickedly. “Perhaps you are, but there’s work to be done for our new pet…” She said, turning her smug grin on Melina.

Melina swallowed, glaring up at the woman defiantly. “What do you want?”

Malash’s grin widened. “I’d watch that tone of yours, meat… ya might notice Khamina isn’t here to keep me from bashing your head in.”

Melina swallowed, burying her anger down as she lowered her head. “Sorry…” She muttered.

Malash chuckled and nodded. “Yeah...that’s more like it. You’re here to help clean up, right? Well, Kasha here happens to be on her way to the shower stalls and in need of your services, isn’t that right?” She said, looking over at her fellow orcish warrior.

Slowly, Kasha’s face split into a grin. “I reckon I do…” She said, turning a lascivious eye on Melina.

Melina’s face paled as she thought about the implications of the woman’s words. “Y-you can’t be serious…” She muttered.

Malash’s smirk soured into a sneer. “Don’t recall askin’ for your opinion, meat…” She huffed. “You gonna come quietly or do I need t’ go to the Chief? Sure she’d love to hear about you refusin’ a direct order from yer betters…”

Melina set her jaw, but she didn’t argue.

“You heard her, humie. Let’s go.” She said, grabbing Melina’s arm and beginning to pull her away. The poor girl cast one more mortified look at Orla as she was pulled away.

She was half-led, half-dragged to a stable-like building, unsurprisingly made of wood like every other one. Kasha pushed the door open, revealing a row of stalls separated by wooden partitions, each equipped with a large wooden bucket. Kasha grabbed it and tossed it back at Melina

“Go fill that with water, and be quick about it.” Kasha growled.

Melina caught the bucket, looking at it before looking back at the woman. “I...I don’t know where to go…” She murmured.

Kasha turned, glaring at her. “The fuckin’ well out back, do I have to spell everything out for you? Don’t make me wait, or you’ll regret it.” She hissed.

Swallowing, Melina did as she was told, hurrying back out and around the other side of the building, where indeed there was a cobblestone well reaching into the ground. She quickly fastened the bucket to the clasps on the rope and began lowering it down.

She could hardly believe her rotten luck… not even a day here and she was gonna be forced to wash a smelly orc...she should never have gone on that stupid expedition…

She fetched the water and promptly returned to the stall, not keen on getting in any more trouble than she might be.

As she entered, her cheeks reddened upon finding Kasha completely nude, her strong thighs undulating as she bent over to remove her ankle wrappings and flashing her shapely rear as she did.

As she turned round, she smirked at Melina. She put a hand on her hip, the verdant orbs on her chest jiggling lightly as she did so. “Yeah, drink it in. Reckon yeh probably haven’t seen a real woman before. Now get over here, I’m tired of smellin’ like a barn.”

Melina swallowed, shuffling forward with the bucket.

“Woah, what d’you think yer doing?” Kasha huffed. “Yeh don’t bathe with clothes on, do you?” She asked, smirking as her eyes bored into Melina’s.

Melina looked up, her cheeks coloring yet again. “I...B-but I-”

Kasha’s grin widened. “Take ‘em off. Wouldn’t want yeh getting wet…” She breathed, her tongue tracing along her tusks.

Melina wanted to protest, but she knew it would be a bad idea to do so. She swallowed one more time, taking a deep breath.

Slowly, she set the bucket down and shakily grabbed the corners of her tunic, pulling it up and over her pale, smooth torso and, compared to the orc, relatively diminutive chest.

Next, she kicked off her boots and undid the strings of her trousers and lowered them over her rear and down her milky thighs, trying to ignore Kasha’s eyes roving ravenously over her naked form.

Feeling quite exposed and acutely vulnerable, she picked up the bucket and shuffled into the stall.

Kasha snorted. “What are you waitin’ for? Pour it on me…” She muttered, lifting her arms to clasp above her head.

Melina swallowed again, moving forward and beginning to slowly pour the water over the orc’s body, trying to keep her eyes away.

“Ah, much better…” The orc cackled, leering down at Melina. “Now...wipe me down.” She said, grabbing a rag off the hook on the side of the stall and handing it to her.

Melina swallowed once more; she’d been afraid of this. She took the rag with shaky hands, beginning to gently dab at the woman’s torso with slow, light strokes, her eyes shut tight.

“Oi, we don’t have all day!” Kasha barked. “I said, WIPE!” She said, grabbing the girl’s wrist and forcing her hand to her midriff.

Melina yelped in surprise and pain as she was bent to the orc’s will, acquiescing to the demand and beginning to wipe in more attentive circles.

“Hmph...better.” The Orc woman muttered. “Now me chest…” She put her hands on her hips, arching her back to thrust her breasts towards Melina.

The young blonde took another deep breath, slowly beginning to dry off the smooth, rounded orbs… they were softer than she’d anticipated, and warm to the touch...even under the rag Melina could feel the outline of the nipple, gently stiffening under her ministrations...and with a pang of mortification, she felt her own responding in kind.

“Yeah...now me thighs…” The orc grumbled, her voice taking on a bit of a husky edge. Melina obliged, swiftly moving down to the woman’s thick, powerful thighs in an attempt to get this done quickly as possible.

She slowed as her wiping traced higher, higher…

She felt the orc shudder as she neared her crotch. “Hnn...I didn’t tell yeh t’ stop…” The orc growled huskily. “And I’m gettin’ tired of telling yeh t’get on with it…” She muttered, her voice taking on a dangerous edge.

Melina took another deep breath, tracing up the last few inches.

A deep hiss escaped Kasha’s throat as Melina’s hand made contact with her core...it was even warmer to the touch than the rest of her body.

“Spend a little extra time here...it’s the dirtiest part, after all…” Kasha breathed.

Melina pursed her lips and did as she was asked, slowly moving her rag-clad hand back and forth a few times. Kasha’s breath got heavier, her snorts getting more and more frequent. “Yeah...yeah, keep goin’...be thorough…”

Melina continued to wipe back and forth across the searing mons...until, suddenly, she began to feel a dampness on the rag as Kasha’s voice began to raise in tone, getting almost girlish.

“Hnnn...y-you’re almost done…” She growled, slowly bucking her hips into Melina’s hand as she raised a meaty hand to massage a giant green teat.

Melina merely squeezed her eyes shut, waiting for this charade to end….and after a few more moments, she felt Kasha’s body seize up...and suddenly her hand was covered with an effusion of musky liquid, soaking through the fabric and staining her fingers.

She quickly dropped the rag and pulled her hand away, taking a deep shuddering breath.

Kasha let out a low groan, ending with a chuckle. “Ahhhh-hah-ha-hahnnn...yeah, that’s the stuff...ain’t been properly ‘cleaned’ in ages…” She chuckled, grinning down at Melina. “Yer done here. Get yer clothes back on and fuck off.” She said, grabbing a towel and beginning to dab at her arms.

Melina didn’t need telling twice, hurriedly grabbing her clothes with her clean hand and hurrying out of the stall. She struggled to pull her clothes on with one hand, breathing heavily as she tried not to feel thoroughly unsullied. Even more unsettling was the throbbing in her own chest, and...other areas… even the scent of Kasha’s juices on her hand was making her head swim, tinging with desire… she needed to get away from here, and fast.

~~~~~

“Ah...sorry, I should’ve warned you…” Orla murmured as she and Melina made their way back to the mess hall to see about cleaning after dinner

Melina swallowed, her cheeks reddening. “It’s fine...It’s over now…”

Orla turned to the girl with a sympathetic expression on her face. “I know it’s not much consolation, but...she must’ve been really pent up…”

Melina frowned. “What do you mean?”

Orla pursed her lips. “The Kh’raven are...kind of traditional, let’s say. Sure, we’re a bunch of lawless wastrels, but we still have some cultural precepts that we adhere to… one of which is a strict ban on sexual activity outside of marriage in the eyes of Belok.” She murmured. “And since all the men are at war, everyone’s been… well, unsatisfied. Some of them manage, and other try to cheat, like Kasha. In fact, the Endurance Match used to be no-contact, until someone figured out a wrestling match was an excuse to grope each other.”

Melina listened intently to Orla’s speech, feeling herself redden again. “So...everyone’s married, and...that’s it?”

Orla chuckled. “Well, everyone but me. Most orc men aren’t keen on a blind weakling like me, they’d rather have a strong warrior to bear their children. It’s all the same to me, most of those men are...not my type.” She murmured, continuing to stir.

Melina’s eyes flicked up, her ears perking up as the same words she’d uttered to Priscilla came back around. “Oh…” She murmured, her heart thudding a bit more. “I...I see…”

Orla turned, a wan smile on her face. “Does this bother you? I understand humans are similarly inclined…”

Melina swallowed. “Oh, erm, yeah...I-I mean no… o-or well, they are, but, uh...I’m...not.” She finished.

Orla blinked, seeming a bit surprised herself. “Oh? Well that’s...nice…” She murmured, turning back to her cauldron with a bit of coloring on her cheeks.

They strode in silence the rest of the time, both pondering the other’s words.

“OI! Milkweed!” Called a voice. Melina and Orla both looked up to see an orc hailing them from the mess hall. “Hurry it up, bout to have a river a-flowin’!”

Melina and Orla both looked at each other before hurrying towards the building, and what as sight it was when they entered.

All around them were orc women in states of extreme duress, hunched over tables and wiggling their arses in the air or leaning against walls and sliding up and down, thick green thighs twisted up around each other. Vests and leather breastplates lain strewn all over the ground, and trousers were loosened to accommodate the massive bulge every orc was sporting in their abdomens.

In the center of the room stood Malash, gripping the side of the table so hard her knuckles turned white as she snorted repeatedly. A single bead of sweat ran down the bridge of her nose and onto her tusks and she tensed her hips back and forth, her teeth grinding against one another.

Across from her was Murob, the orc from earlier...she looked to be in an even worse state, sat on the bench and rocking back and forth. Her face was twisted up in agony as she fought with everything in her not to gush all over the ground, her rounded abdomen distended so heavily it looked as though she were pregnant.

Melina felt her heart leap into her throat, her eyes fluttering as her brain swam with so much arousal she was nearly seeing stars.

“Y-you perimeter guards got nothin’ on us…” Malash hissed through gritted teeth, glaring across at Murob. “Yeh best...best give up…”

Murob threw her head back for a moment, her left thigh bouncing up and down as she took a series of short gasps. “N-never…” She groaned. “We can...go all night if we need to… though I take it you and your band of merry scouts aren’t gonna last the hour…”

Malash shivered, squeezing her thighs together and banging a fist on the table as she groaned through her pain. Both orcish women were clearly on the verge of flooding their tunics, yet neither would concede.

Melina looked over at Orla, eyes fixated on nothing...and yet the demure little alchemist was breathing a bit heavily, her ears twitching as they took in the heady groans and grunts and grumbles of desperation from around her...one could almost hear the sheer volume of liquid currently straining every orc bladder past it’s limits.

For a moment, there was nothing but the sound of sweaty orc bodies writhing as they vainly fought the urge to obey their bodies’ desperate pleas to ease their overburdened bladders...and suddenly, there was a break.

A dusky-skinned orc with arms bigger than tree-trunks cried out as she braced against the wall, shuddering as her control broke and a veritable torrent of urine came streaming out from beneath her tunic, splattering noisily on the ground beneath her. The sound of their sword-sister violently relieving herself seemed too much for the other orcs, and within moments there was another strangled cry and another deluge of pee blasting the dusty floor.

As if a domino effect had been set off, willpower all around gave out, filling the mess hall with the cacophonous chorus of draining bladders and guttural groans of relief. The task now became not to see who could hold it the longest, but who could surrender to the pressure with the least collateral damage. The first few simply gave up and flooded themselves where they stood or sat, shivering in euphoric relief. Others with a bit more control managed to squat or go spread-eagled, taking what little aim they could manage as gouts of dark piss jetted from their tortured sphincters. The strongest orcs had managed to stagger away to corners or doorways, feverishly clawing their loincloths out of the way before allowing themselves to finally pour out their bladders against support beams or on the grass, salvaging their clothes as they were at last able to get the explosive relief they craved.

Finally, it came down to the leaders; only Murob and Malash continued to deny themselves what their respective underlings were allowing themselves; a great, gushing, glorious piss…. But it was clear it was a narrow victory.

Murob’s entire body trembled, her eyes fluttering and her tusken jaw slack with euphoria as she pulled aside her loincloth and hosed down the ground in a thick stream that looked more like someone had punctured the side of an ale barrel than a woman relieving herself. Malash wasn’t far behind, having lifted her leg against the wall and soaking the baseboards for all she was worth, growling in pleasured release.

For a few minutes, there was nothing but the noisy splattering of orc urine on dirt as both women poured out what seemed to be a whole lake’’s worth of piss. Melina was mortified...and yet, she couldn’t look away, from the orc’s partially exposed body and tilted hips to her look of near-orgasmic relief...

Finally, the flow diminished, and Malash shook her hips to rid herself of the last few drops, panting deeply.

“Hah...hah...nn, humie…” She grunted, glaring at Melina. “Best get yer little washcloth ready…”

Melina swallowed, her eyes flitting at the least a dozen orcs all currently dripping with their own piss.

Moments later, she was back in the cleaning stalls...and apparently, Kasha had been liberal with her recounting of her experience, because nearly every orc insisted that Melina “personally attend” them as well. As the latest orc grunted, creaming herself on Melina’s fingers, the young girl was quite randy herself now, her face a permanent shade of red.

After cleaning herself up, Melina returned to Orla’s hut, her breath still a bit ragged after the endless parade of muscular, verdant green amazon bodies. Orla was busy cleaning, a stack of soaked loincloths beside her.

“Well, that was surely something…” Orla murmured.

Melina swallowed. “I...don’t wanna talk about it…” She muttered. It had gone far beyond revulsion...she was...aroused. There was no other word for it. Cleaning those big, beautiful orc women had gotten to her...and that made her feel dirty. “I’ve...never done things like that before today, and now…” She muttered, reddening again.

Orla frowned. “Really? Never? Is there not ...someone special, back in the human village?”

Melina swallowed. “Not really, no. I...well, there’s my best friend, Priscilla, but...we’re just that. Friends. I’ve never done anything with her. And I’m okay with that, really.”

Orla pursed her lips. “You miss her…”

Melina swallowed. “...I do...and I don’t know if I’ll ever see her again…” She murmured, feeling her eyes water as she stared at the table.

Orla continued to stir, her eyes gazing emptily ahead.

“...You will.” she said finally, turning around.

Melina sighed. “I know, I get to leave in the fall, but I don’t know if-”

“No.” Orla murmured, setting her jaw resolutely. “We’re going to get you out of here.”

Melina looked up, frowning. “How? I don’t know where I am, and it’s not like we’d even make it out of the compound…”

Orla swallowed. “You can if the guard escorts you. And they’ll have to, if the Chief orders it.”

Melina blinked. “Why would she do that?”

Orla took a deep breath. “Because you’re going to challenge her to an Endurance Match. If you win, she’ll be forced to free you.”

Melina merely stared at Orla. “Surely you can’t be serious...No one can beat the Chief, you said so yourself…”

Orla leveled her gaze. “There is a way. It’s dangerous, and you’ll still be plenty bursting by the time it’s over, but… you can win.”

Melina looked up into Orla’s gaze. She looked sure of herself, and more serious than Melina had ever seen her.

With a swallow, she nodded. “Tell me what to do.”

TO BE CONTINUED...
