Might Is Merit: A Rivenwelle Tale

Author: Foxlover

*003*2020-10-07 17:33

Hello again! Sorry this chapter took so long, I was having computer problems >.< Originally I was planning to make this just 3 chapters but, I got a bit carried away, so I decided to cut chapter two...in two. XD

As always, hope you all enjoy!

CHAPTER 2: The Warcamp

Melina was not one for crying, usually. She thought it a silly and juvenile way to respond to one’s problems, one best abandoned in youth. But as she hung by her forearms from the vice like grip of two Amazonian orc women, being dragged back to their den, she couldn’t help the tears from falling down her cheeks… and the way things were going, her other “cheeks” were about to get a similar bath.

Luckily her legs were free for her to twist and squeeze and do anything she could to hold off the impending flood, though part of her didn’t know why she bothered. She’d never live to see the sunrise tomorrow, why deny herself relief?

No… she thought adamantly to herself. If I’m going to die, it’ll be upright and proud, not soiling myself like a child…

And so, her thighs continued to rub against each other, causing her to shift this way and that in the grasp of her captors.

“Oi…” One of the orcs holding her grumbled, glaring down at her. “Stop all that squirmin’ about, y’hear?”

Melina swallowed, doing her best to heed the command...but without the reinforcing pressure of her rubbing thighs, it came down to sheer will to hold back her flood, and already the pain of doing so was becoming unbearable. Her toes curled in her boots as she tensed her pelvic muscles, wincing at each wave of pressure that bore down upon her tiring sphincter.

They walked for what seemed like ever, further and further into the forest. Even if Arwen and the others were looking for her, there was no way they’d find her now… she’d never see her master again, or her friends...Pris...She’d never see her dear Priscilla again…

Melina swallowed again, trying to fight off the next wave of tears as they welled up fresh in her eyes.

She was distracted from her morose contemplation as after another ten minutes or so, Melina saw a smudge of flickering orange against the shadowy darkness of the forest, pulsing like a heartbeat. As they got closer, the smudge got clearer and brighter, until she realized that it was fire… multiple roaring fires, to be exact, burning brightly in what looked like watchtowers of some sort. The topmost flames crackled brightly, silhouetting what looked to be gargantuan barricades of logs even taller than the orcs, overlaid with large wooden spikes jutting outward to ward off intruders.

Her ears detected the low din of a crowd as they approached as well. It steadily got louder and louder until Melina could make out the hooting and hollering and carrying on of what she assumed had to be the rest of the tribe.

What manner of custom was it that they’d all be making such a din at this time of night? Was it a ritual? Was it a holiday? Was in the shouts of joy that preceded a feast on the flesh of a human girl who’d wandered too far into the forest?

Melina swallowed, legs trembling in fear as well as desperation.

Finally, the procession approached a massive crude wooden gate consisting of two more giant wooden spikes stuck into the ground on either side, bearing a curved slat of wood between them. As Melina looked up, she could make out the silhouette of a stuffed boar’s head mounted on the slat, a grotesque sentry guarding the entrance to the orcs’ home. Her head craned left and right; the looming parapets extended into the darkness on either side, and there were sentry towers placed equidistantly along its perimeter, each manned by an orc dressed similarly to her captors.

Khamina strode up to the great wooden gates, raising a hand to hail the orcs on guard.

One of them shouted something to her in a foreign tongue, and Khamina answered back in the same language. Melina couldn’t understand Orcish, but she assumed it had to be some manner of password or secret phrase; any encampment this fortified would have such measures in place to ward off trespassers.

After a moment, the gates swung open, revealing a long, oblong dirt path flanked by torches in wooden sconces. Melina couldn’t help but peer around her as she was dragged inside, her fascination with the strange place briefly overcoming her fear. A half-dozen animal hide tents lined each side of the path, nestled under tall wooden walkways that curved down towards the gate and bore an equal number of tents upon them. Between the third and forth upper tent on each side rose the tallest towers, and Melina could now clearly see the great bronze basins blazing inside them, lighting the entire pavilion.

The space beneath the corresponding tents beneath looked open, possibly a path leading to other parts of the camp… from her angle behind the guard captain, Melina couldn’t tell for sure. All around were orcs talking, laughing, eating or laying out under the stars… and strangely enough, they all appeared to be female. A few of them turned to look at the newest prisoner the guard had brought back, but most of them ignored her; this must’ve been somewhat of a common occurrence. None of them looked hungry, which Melina took some small comfort in.

Directly ahead of them at the end of the dirt path was a large, squat wooden cabin, elevated on a constructed platform accessible by a set of stairs. Two bronze boar statues stood on either side of the stairs, raised on their own stone plinths. As they got closer, Melina could see a roughspun cloth hanging over the entrance to the stout abode, emblazoned with a crude orcish head over a pair of x-crossed battle axes. On either side, next to wooden columns inlaid with gold at the top and base, stood two more orcs. They were dressed in leather cuirasses, and wore what appeared to be bronzed seals on their waists. Each of them held a tall silver halberd and had a piercing in the left ear.

Judging by their slightly more serious armor, not to mention the prominence of the building itself, Melina guessed whoever lived here had to be quite important.

Khamina held up a hand to stop the party as she strode up the stairs to meet the guards. After a brief conversation in that foreign tongue of theirs, one of them turned and disappeared into the hold.

Melina swallowed, anxiety blooming inside her stomach in tandem with the now nearly numbing ache in her abdomen.

After a few more minutes, the guard reappeared, murmuring something to Khamina, who in turn looked back, beckoning her fellows forward. Malash nodded and strode forward, followed by Ognild and Ghora hefting Melina between them. The girl groaned inwardly as she was dragged up the steps, every bump of her feet against the stairs sending a painful jolt through her straining bladder...she winced as she felt another tiny spurt escape her, running in lazy golden rivulets down her inner thigh. The guards regarded Melina as she was dragged past, snorting in a manner most feral.

As Melina was pulled through the drapes, she felt a burst of heat wash over her from the large fire pit in the middle of the floor, coated in burnished copper and crackling gently. All manner of animal pelts coated the floor and hung on the walls of the stately hold, signifying that it was the place of great rank. Had she not been so deathly terrified, she would have thought it was quite a charming lodge. The two orcs holding Melina followed Khamina around the edge of the firepit, towards the other side of the cabin. There, on another, smaller elevated platform, flanked by two more guards, sat what Melina assumed had to be the Chief.

This orc was a slightly lighter shade of green than her underlings, but she was no less muscular or menacing. She was dressed similar to her guard, save for a bearskin cape draped around her broad shoulders and a necklace of various animal teeth resting against her generous bosom. Circlets of bronze clasped her wrists, and intricate leather armbands strained against the rippling biceps on each of her arms. Each long, pointed ear was pierced with two bronze rings, and Melina could see an intricate gold ring encircling each of her tusks. One look at her midriff told Melina that the Chieftain’s bellybutton was pierced as well, bearing a gold stud right above the little nub.

Her hair was shaved on both sides, the top done in another intricate braid even larger than Khamina’s. She was reclining on a tall, simple wooden throne covered in fur and ringed by two massive tusks of some creature Melina didn’t even recognize...and for some curious reason, her lap was covered in a quilt, despite the considerable warmth of the hold.

Ognild and Ghora dragged Melina up towards the throne as Khamina knelt before the chieftain, murmuring something to her in Orcish. The chieftain spoke back, and they carried on for a few moments as Melina waited with bated breath.

Finally, the chieftain’s eyes flitted from her guard captain to Melina, and she raised a green hand to beckon them forth.

Melina yelped as she was dragged even closer and tossed before the chief without thought. The action sent the most intense shock yet through her tortured bladder, and she had to tense every muscle in her body to keep from gushing right then and there. She trembled, both in fear and with the effort of keeping herself (mostly) dry, not daring to look up lest she offend the stalwart orcess.

The chieftain’s lips curled into a ghost of a smirk as she regarded the snivelling pink girl in front of her. “Look at me, man-cub.” She growled authoritatively in a gravelly voice that was slightly higher than Khamina’s, but no less commanding.

Melina swallowed, slowly and shakily raising her head.

The chieftain continued to stare at her. “Stand.” She commanded.

Melina whimpered and did as she was told, attempting to get to her feet...and immediately she hunched over again as her bladder jackknifed within her abdomen, nearly causing her to collapse again.

The chieftain set her jaw, looking as though she were trying not to smile. “I told you to stand, man-cub. Why do you defy me?”

Melina swallowed again, forcing herself to look up. “I-I’m sorry, Your Grace, b-but I...I can’t...”

“Why not?” Came the booming answer.

Melina bit her lip. Her eyes flitted around, and she felt her cheeks redden.

At her hesitation, Malash’s lips curled up in a sneer. “Chief Urza asked you a question, whelpling…” She hissed, crossing one thick arm over the other.

Melina swallowed a third time, steeling herself. “I...I need to wee…” She murmured in a small voice.

“Speak up, child.” Chief Urza ordered with a hint of a growl. “You try my patience.”

Melina shivered again, squeezing her thighs together. “I-I need to wee…” She said a bit louder, prompting a rumble of snickering from the attendant guard.

The chief sneered, leaning forward. “‘Need to wee’, do you? Fragile little man-cub, gagging for a slash?” She smirked. “Khamina here says she could smell the piss on you when they found you...and now you stand before me, desperate to release again...pitiful…”

At this, Melina’s fear was momentarily buried under a modicum of indignation.

“I never released…” She huffed before she could stop herself. “I-I’ve been holding it in since last night...it’s only natural I’ll have to go eventually…”

The attendant guards blinked, looking at each other, as did the two orcs who’d brought Melina in.

Urza herself raised an eyebrow. “Last night, you say? Strong, for a human… let’s see just how strong…” She nodded to Malash, who grinned and strode forward towards Melina.

The girl paled, her bravado disappearing as she instinctively backed away from the woman, but Malash’s hand was too fast; she caught Melina by the collar, tugging her forward. She ripped the cloth keeping Melina’s hair in place free and forced it between the girl’s lips, bringing it around her head and tying it off. Cackling, she grabbed the girl’s arms, forcing them behind her back and easily holding both the girl’s wrists in place with one fist. With the other, she reached around, roughly pulling up Melina’s shirt to her midriff, exposing her smooth, milky flesh and the rotund protrusion in her abdomen. As Urza’s eyes dropped to it, Melina could’ve swore she saw something jump under the quilt from between the chieftain’s thighs. “Hmm… you appear quite full indeed…” She murmured.

The orc chief leaned forward, her intense gaze settling on Melina as her lips curled back over her jagged teeth in a wicked grin. “I’ll tell you what. How about a little wager, man-cub? You say you’ve not tasted relief since last night...If you can hold your waters for a meager ten minutes more, I will have my guards escort you back to the edge of the forest, where you can run along back to your human village. If not...you will remain here, and become a servant of the Kh’raven till the next harvest moon.”

Melina swallowed, rubbing her thighs together again. Ten minutes? It would be tough, but...she’d waited this long, she was sure she could make it another ten minutes...but what if the Chieftain didn’t keep her word? How was Melina to know she’d actually be set free? Justice and mercy didn’t seem to be large concerns for a civilization such as this...

Melina set her jaw. She had no choice...if there was a chance she could leave this nightmare behind, she had to take it.

Melina nodded, looking the chief square in the eye with as much dignity as she could muster being gagged and half-bent over in desperation.

Chief Urza grinned deviously. “We have an accord, then.” She murmured, looking up at Malash and nodding again.

The orc woman nodded back, bringing her hand around to Melina’s stomach and resting a large, green hand on the protruding bulge.

Melina’s eyes suddenly widened as she realized what was going to happen, and why she’d been given such a short window. She vehemently shook her head. “N-nuuhh, nuh pleafe dunt!” She pleaded.

With a sneer, Malash pressed her fingers into Melina’s swollen abdomen, causing the girl to lurch forward, her upper body trembling with the effort not to explode right there. The hand relented for a moment, causing Melina to gasp in relief...but the respite was short-lived as the woman dug in and pressed again, forcing a groan from Melina’s gagged lips as she shook her head back and forth.

Chief Urza chuckled to herself as Malash continued to rhythmically dig her fingers into the young alchemist’s swollen organ, trying to literally squeeze the piss out of the poor girl’s twitching form. Melina squirmed and writhed in the woman’s grasp, tears stinging her eyes as the river of urine bore heavily on her weakening muscles. Her thighs quivered as her incompressible bladder was compressed, waves of pressure battering down on her tired sphincter… and still, she did not give in. How she’d managed to hold on this long was anyone’s guess...she’d been near to bursting before falling into the ravine, and her bladder had only gotten fuller since then, growing tight and swollen in her abdomen… and now a superhumanly strong orc was trying to squeeze the pee out of her with her hand, with only her aching muscles to fight back.

But Melina still just barely held on, her will and her pride the only things keeping her from bursting right here in the hold. The rest of the orcs were watching intently, all bearing similar looks of surprise at how resilient the human girl was. It was obvious that she was ready to pop, and yet she denied both Malash and herself the satisfaction of finally giving in to the overwhelming pressure… and it was beginning to affect them. Ghora and Ognild both watched with rapt attention, their eyes roving hungrily over Melina’s half-exposed form.

Khamina had her axe upside down in the dirt, leaning on it as her eyes watched Malash’s hand dig mercilessly into the taut bump on the girl’s navel… she bit her lip, her cheeks flushing a slightly darker green as she slowly, discreetly began to rock her hips against the shaft of her weapon with gentle sighs. Even Chief Urza, haughty as she was, had a bit of a shortness to her breath...and the quilt over her lap began to twitch over and over again, causing the material to jump up and down.

Beads of sweat dotted Melina’s forehead as her eyes rolled back in her head, drool running down her chin as she continued to hold on. With a grunt of frustration Malash adjusted her angle, her fingers now pointed down towards Melina’s crotch. She resumed her pressing, kneading in a digging motion in an effort to force the urine downward and break Melina’s tenuous control.

Melina squeaked from around her gag, her eyes rolling up in her head as her thighs vibrated in protest to this new method of torment. Try as she might, she knew it was over...her loins burned like fire, the ponderous liquid load within her weighing mercilessly on her weakened sphincter. After a few more seconds of this onslaught, Melina could stand it no longer. With a strangled gurgle, her muscles gave out as urine gushed from between her thighs, hissing noisily into her trousers. Her shoulders sagged in relief as she continued to blast the floor for all she was worth, the day and half’s worth of pee streaming down onto the dirt below and running in little rivulets down the divot towards the fire.

As Melina continued to violently wet herself, Urza let out a raucous bout of laughter.

“It’s quite perplexing how a soft little race like you was able to conquer so much of this land, when you can’t even hold your own piss properly.” She teased, her cruel grin still upon her face. “You impress me, though, man-cub...you made it nearly seven minutes. Do not worry, you’ll have plenty of time to get strong in the coming days. Ghora, Ognild...take her to the apothecary hut.”

Melina’s head hung as her stream finally began to abate after nearly 2 full minutes, her shoulders shaking with both relief and despair. Her one chance at freedom, washed away in her urine. Now she was trapped here until autumn, and who knew if she’d even survive that long. This time, as Ghora and Ognild stepped forward to drag the girl away, she let the tears fall freely. Her head hung as they pulled her back around the fire pit, Malash grinning in triumph as she watched...though unbeknownst to the girl, her eyes never once left Melina’s soaked hindquarters.

As they emerged once again into the night, she heard snorts from the orcs guarding the Chieftain’s throne room, and their throaty chuckles from behind her caused her cheeks to burn in humiliation. She felt even more eyes on her as she was dragged back through the center of the camp, trailing urine all the way. She was sure they were beginning to murmur about her...the weak, foolish human who’d wet herself like an infant. She didn’t even know what her new servitude would entail...given the rough look of the camp, and the treatment she’d gotten since arriving, she couldn’t imagine it would be anything pleasant.

So caught up in her despondency was Melina that she hardly even noticed when the orcs veered off the main path, dragging her under the wooden walkways and through to a small clearing surrounded by smaller but still quite strong looking walls of sharpened logs. At the far corner sat a large, squat hut, the door and single window of it gently glowing from the fire within. Atop the thatched roof was a small hole out of which billowed smoke...someone must’ve been home. As they got closer, Melina’s head raised. It was hard to tell in the dark, but Melina could’ve sworn she saw chrysanthemums, lilies and violets around the front… an orc who kept a garden?

One of the orcs let go of her, causing Melina to droop in the dirt, suspended by one arm in the other’s grip.

The orc strode forward, banging on the door. “Oi! Milkweed! Open up!”

There was a rustling in the hut as someone moved towards the door, and it opened to reveal a young orc girl who looked hardly older than Melina...and quite smaller than any other orc she’d met. She was still rather robust when compared to humans, and looked as though she’d probably be a fair bit taller than Melina standing up, but in contrast to her hulking compatriots, this one was…downright puny. From her awkward position, Melina could see that she was also dressed far more conservatively, in a simple linen dress and a leather apron. Her toned green arms were folded in front of her as she looked up at her visitors in quiet reservation.

“Yes, Ognild?” She said in the gentlest voice Melina had heard in this camp.

The bigger orc snorted. “You got a new roommate.” She huffed, beckoning her compatriot forward. Melina yelped as she was yanked forward and tossed at the new woman’s feet with an unceremonious *thud*, her trousers squelching wetly as she landed.

“Careful, seems she isn’t house-trained…” Ognild cackled, high-fiving Ghora as they both turned to make their way back to camp proper.

Melina swallowed, struggling to sit up and wincing as she felt her urine on her pants beginning to cool.

“Here…” The orc woman before her murmured gently. “Let me help you…” She reached down, gently grabbing Melina’s arms and hoisting her up with surprising strength, given her relatively diminutive stature.

As Melina got shakily to her feet, she got her first good look up at the new girl’s face, blinking in surprise. This orc was...there was no other word for it; pretty. Her leafy green skin looked smooth and soft, and her dark hair was unshaven, merely tied back in a messy braid that sloped gently over her shoulder. Her jade lips were a bit pouty, closed gently over tiny tusks that looked more like cute little fangs than anything. But the strangest thing was her eyes...they were clouded white, and the tissue around them looked scarred and diseased.

Melina swallowed. “I...you’re-”

“-Blind? Since the day I was born.” the orc girl murmured with a wan chuckle. “Come, let’s get you inside…” She murmured, taking the girl’s hand once more and pulling her into the hut.

The first thing that hit Melina was the smell. It was...odd, but quite wonderful. All manner of scent and aroma swirled around her head in a heady bouquet that would have been overwhelming, had she not spent most of her time in similarly aromatic environments. “One moment, I’ll fetch you some fresh clothes…” The girl murmured, disappearing behind a small curtain over to the right of the hut.

The abode was a bit cozier than it looked, a large rectangular room with the most central feature being the lit fireplace on the other side in a stone hearth. Above it hung all manner of pots, pans and strange cooking utensils, and to the side sat a squat little table with a single chair. Up against the opposite wall was a large bookcase that was filled not with books, but with plants and strange stones of all different shapes and sizes. So prominent was it that Melina almost didn’t notice the curtained off doorway behind it, through which she could just make out a stout little bed shoved unceremoniously into the corner. It reminded her of her own room back in Rivenwelle, and the thought made her heart ache.

"This may be a little big on you…” the girl called as she came back in with a fresh linen tunic. “But at least you won’t have to go bottomless while I get your trousers clean…just slide them off, I’ll take care of them.”

Melina continued to stand in the center of the room, arms around herself. “U-um...take them off? Here?” She murmured.

The orc girl turned round, smirking gently as her sightless eyes crinkled up in humor. “What’s the matter? Afraid I’ll see something I shouldn’t?”

Melina reddened as the reality dawned on her, and she quickly set to removing her boots and peeling off the dripping fabric, wincing as it made a sucking noise coming off of her skin.

She gently folded them, reddening even deeper as she held them out. The orc girl pursed her lips for a moment before reaching out and grabbing the urine-soaked fabric without so much as a twitch. She held the tunic out for Melina, who took it without a word.

As she began redressing herself, Melina watched the girl move about the hut with a surety she didn’t expect from someone who couldn’t see. It was as if she knew the entire place by heart, able to find where she was by knowing where she’d been.

“So...it’s been a while since we’ve had a human here…What’s your name?” The orc girl murmured as she reached up to fetch a pot from above the fireplace.

Melina blinked. “Urm...Melina...”

The orc girl grinned. “Melina...that’s a nice name. I’m Orla. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”

Melina nodded, feeling herself relax slightly. This had by far been the most hospitable orc she’d encountered, no sense expending energy keeping up an unnecessary guard.

“Okay...Orla…” Melina murmured. “Erm...How did you know I was human?”

Orla grinned over her shoulder. “You all smell funny. And I don’t mean the particular funny smell that you have right now, but a general, regular ‘funny’... like wood and steel and flowers and...honey.” She murmured, shrugging. “Every human I’ve encountered has smelled the exact same.”

Melina frowned. “Uh...have you encountered many humans?”

Orla took the pot down, turning it over in her hands. “Not directly. But a few of them pass by our camp in the forest, dressed in those metal suits… they smell like you.” She murmured, chuckling. “So...how did you get out here?”

Melina swallowed, casting her eyes down. “I...was with my mentor, and my...classmates…” She murmured. “...I slipped off the path and fell into a ravine, and...and…”

“-and Khamina found you.” The orc girl finished, feeling her way over to the squat table and reaching out for a moment before her hands closed over a water pitcher. “I’m surprised you’re still alive, she must’ve really liked you…”

At this, Melina looked up with a huff. “Liked me? You’re telling me I was kidnapped, taken to this camp and enslaved because she was being merciful?”

Orla shrugged as she began to pour water into the pot. “To orc-kind, life is a mercy. As long as you can breathe, you can fight, and all that… but...she probably had other thoughts, too...I assume you’ve met Chief Urza?”

Melina pursed her lips, remembering how that woman had laughed as she burst all over the ground. “I have…” She muttered darkly.

The orc girl turned towards Melina, detecting the shift in her voice. “Ah...I know she’s...someone that takes some getting used to, but she’s not really a bad sort, she just...has to look like she is. Hard enough to lead a camp when you’re only filling in for your husband…”

At this, Melina looked up again. “...‘Husband’?” She repeated.

Orla chuckled again as she brought the pot over to hang on the fire. “Yes, Agroth the Bane...he’s our Chief, has been since before the war…”

Melina blinekd. “I-the war? What do you mean?”

Orla blinked in turn. “Goodness, you humans really don’t know about anything outside your castle, do you?” She jested, chuckling once more. “Last winter, the goblin hordes from the Black Mountain began poaching off our hunting grounds...started small, with small game like pheasant and rabbits. Chief Agroth didn’t want to incite a conflict over nothing, so he let it be. But his restraint made them bold, and they began going after larger game...boars and deer, even elk… finally, he decided to confront them. Goblin King told the Chief that the runoff from the Black Mountain was what made the soil fertile and attracted the wildlife, so they had the true claim to the lands, and if the Kh'raven wanted it, they'd have to fight for it.

Chief tried to be diplomatic...told the goblins that if they apologized and left, he’d leave their skulls uncrushed and their stores un-pillaged. Course, that didn’t sit too well with the Goblin King, and he told the Chief…” She swallowed, her empty gaze cast downward. “He told the Chief that if he was too yellow-hearted to fight, he’d bring a platoon of goblins to the village to show the orc women what true conquest looks like. Since then, we’ve been at war. All the men are off fighting, so the women and the elderly are here, tending the homestead. I’d say we’ve risen to the occasion, all things considered…”

Melina found herself listening with rapt attention, completely ensorceled by the tale. “So they just...left the women to run the village? And they were okay with that?”

Orla nodded, now heading over towards a cupboard over the table. “Sure. Most of the women here can swing an axe as well as any man...the Kh’raven value strength above everything, even gender. In fact, Khamina’s been guard captain since before Agroth left, simply ‘cause no one’s been able to beat her in any competition.”

Melina frowned. “So she’s in charge cause she’s the strongest?”

Orla nodded again. “More or less. The stronger you are, the higher your station. That’s why the skinny little blind orc is stuffed away out of sight, where I 'belong'." She muttered with a dry snort. "I can move on my own alright, but I’d be useless in a fight… so I spend my time here, mixing my tinctures and trying to stay out of everyone’s way.” she murmured, sounding a little dejected.

Melina felt her heart seize in her chest with pity. “Well…” She said, sitting up. “I happen to think you’re the loveliest person I’ve met here. I don’t care that you can’t fight, you’re kind and caring and...and pretty…” She murmured, blushing gently.

Orla seemed just as flustered, her cheeks flushing a darker shade of green as her smile returned. “Khamina says flowery compliments are for babes and beavers, but… it’s nice to hear. I’m sure you’re quite pretty yourself…” She murmured.

Melina watched Orla pull a strange clay pot out of the cupboard, opening it and pulling a pinch of some tart-smelling powder out. “This’ll help with your trousers. It’s a powdered concentrate of a powerful cleaning agent called-”

“-Limewort.” Melina blurted automatically. “Made from the roots of the limewort vine and very good for drawing liquid out of fabric.”

Blinking, Orla turned to the girl, her milky eyes widening in surprise. “...That’s right...How did you know that?”

For the first time since arriving at the camp, Melina gave a small smile. “I’m an...alchemist, back in the human town...I deal with reagents like this all the time.”

Orla blinked again, her face positively lighting up in excitement as she hurried over to Melina and squatted in front of her. “Are you really?” She muttered excitedly. “No one ever knows about the stuff I work with, how long have you been practicing?”

A little flustered by the sudden questioning, Melina smiled shyly. “Since I was a wee lass, when I started mixing alfroot and vilenium...nearly blew my pa’s eyebrows off…” She chuckled.

Orla’s grin widened and she plunked herself down, hurriedly rolling up her dress to reveal a shiny burn on the side of her calf. “Same thing happened to me! Alfroot and vilenium!” She cackled. “But I had nothing to treat it with, I was all out of-”

“-Springsprig!?” Melina interrupted, feeling her trepidation melt away almost immediately as she leaned forward. “You know, burns can also be treated with a bit of maloeleaf and honey…”

“...But only when set on a shelf for a few days…” Orla continued.

“To let the sugar break the petals down!” They both yelled in unison. There was a moment of silence, and suddenly both girls devolved into a fit of laughter as they reveled in finding a kindred soul.

Melina wiped a tear away from her eye, still snorting and in considerably higher spirits. “Ha...hahaha...so, erm...the limewort…” She murmured. “You use it often?”

Orla nodded, her grin the widest it had been as she got to her feet. “Oh, yes. It works wonders on urine stains.”

Reddening, Melina cleared her throat. “You...have a lot of experience cleaning...pee stains?”

Orla chuckled as she grabbed the jar again and began sprinkling the powder on the trousers. “More than you could imagine…” She replied, giving Melina a sly little smile. “You’ll see.”

Briefly perplexed by Melina’s cryptic response, Melina merely settled back with a gentle sigh. “Well...I suppose there are worse places to be trapped until autumn…”

Orla frowned gently, cocking her head. “Autumn?” She repeated.

Melina’s own frown returned, and she sighed deeply. “That’s how long I have to stay here...the Chief said I’d be free to go if I could hold my pee for ten minutes, but….I hadn’t gone in a day and a half, and that nasty orc kept...kept pressing and I...couldn't hold it…and now I’m stuck here...” She murmured, sounding quite forlorn.

Orla peered down at the girl, gently biting her lip as if wrestling with something. She knelt down next to the girl again. “There’s no sense worrying about it right now. I’m sure you’ll feel better in the morning, after a good night’s sleep.”

Melina looked up at Orla, her gentle, concerned features...for a fleeting moment, she reminded Melina of Priscilla…

Swallowing, Melina averted her gaze, nodding. Orla smiled, gently helping Melina up once more and leading her over to the bed. “Here...you can sleep here. I’ll be working on your trousers a bit longer, and I’m a bit of a night owl anyway…”

As soon as Melina sat down, her eyes felt heavy, as if all the anxiety from the day were weighing down on her. She gratefully laid down, pulling the covers over her body. Her eyes briefly flitted to Orla, humming gently to herself as she flitted about the hut… and slowly, she closed her eyes, finally drifting off to sleep.
