A Writer's Discipline

Author: flackus

*000*2022-10-14 10:40

It's been a few years since I've posted, but here's something I've been working on. I'm planning to make it a series. We'll see where it goes.

A Writer's Discipline

Alaina Lancaster was a published author. She prided herself for her discipline. She always knew she had a creative mind, and she wrote incessantly. Ideas for stories always permeated and percolated in her mind. Creating stories, in her mind, always seemed to be the easy part. What made her successful was the discipline to not only write constantly on a regular schedule but to believe in her talent and put it out there for the world. She was confident and assertive, not braggadocious and rude.

At 38 years of age, Alaina liked to take care of herself, both physically and mentally. When she wasn’t writing, she was exercising and eating small meals throughout the day. She drank plenty of water everyday to keep herself hydrated. She also meditated and performed deep-breath exercises in order to alleviate stress. Alaina never saw herself as a knockout. She considered herself rather plain, and she was comfortable with that. She rarely wore dresses, except on special occasions; even then, she would wear a nice pantsuit if she could get away with it.

At five-foot, four-inches tall she rarely stood out in a crowd. She kept her shoulder-length wavy brown hair in a short ponytail most of the time and wore jeans and t-shirts, because they were comfortable. From constant exercise, her body was fit, and her butt was firm and toned. She was always pleased with her butt. Since her breasts were only a size B, she wanted to make sure her butt was something people would notice if they took an interest in her. Her breasts, although a little on the small side, were toned and perky as well. The jeans she wore weren’t overly tight, but they accentuated her perky bottom nicely. All in all, Alaina was comfortable with how she looked and felt.

Her slightly large, deep blue eyes sparkled in any light. Those eyes glanced at the clock at the upper corner of her laptop screen. She had a meeting in about an hour, so she found a good stopping place in the short story of which she was pounding away, saved it, and powered down her laptop. Pleased with how the story was progressing, she smiled and sat back in her comfortable leather desk chair with a contented sigh. Writing for hours always made her muscles stiff from all the effort it took to put into her writing. She basically put her whole body into it. She closed her eyes and did some deep-breathing exercises for approximately five minutes, letting her body and mind relax.

When she opened her eyes, she felt completely relaxed and wrapped herself in that feeling of serenity. She glanced at the empty coffee cup and three empty water bottles sitting to her right on her desktop, and she rose from her chair. The fabric of her favorite worn jeans was cool and damp and clung to the skin of her inner thighs and butt. The feeling gave her a little chill as she walked barefooted from her office towards the bathroom.

During her scheduled three-hour block of intensive writing and consuming her coffee and water, Alaina had slowly released the contents of her bulging bladder into her jeans. She never paused her writing once. She only took a moment each time to mentally savor the feeling of relief as the warmth soaked her panties, spread underneath her bottom, and pooled into the leather seat of her chair. She recalled through the rapid-fire keystrokes that she had wet her pants twice. Once when she had been about fifteen minutes into her story; the second about an hour after that, rewarming the cooling fabric of her jeans.

As she entered the bathroom, she took a moment to look at herself in the mirror as she released her hair from her ponytail. Since she was sitting when she voided her bladder both times, the wetness had only crept up her zipper in the front of her jeans. She turned around to see the back of her jeans, which took the brunt of the wettings. Even the very bottom of her untucked long gray t-shirt was wet from the pee creeping up her butt to the lower part of her shirt.

She heard the familiar notification of her phone, indicating she had received a text. She had left her phone on the desk in her office. The fact that she could hear the notification from all the way in the bathroom made her realize she had neglected to turn down the volume on her phone from blasting music during a previous workout.

“Jesus!” Alaina exclaimed, jumping slightly from the noise.

She quickly retrieved her phone from the desk and hurried back to the bathroom. She read the text and responded:

‘Still on for lunch?’

‘Yup. Around oneish.’

‘K. See ya there.’

Sydney Donnelly had been Alain’s friend forever. She couldn’t remember exactly when they became friends off the top of her head, so she simply considered their friendship qualifying as forever. Sydney was, almost to the day, five years younger than Alaina, and she considered her friend a knockout: long red hair, shining emerald eyes, five-foot eight, gorgeous figure, and funny to hell to boot. Sydney always had the funniest way to tell a story - somewhat disjointed and bizarre. Alaina’s response to Sydney’s text, ‘around oneish,’ was intentionally vague, since Sydney was usually 30 minutes late for everything. That was just Sydney. She didn’t adhere to schedules like Alaina, so she always considered this as a complementing of their friendship. She smiled and laughed aloud.

Alaina had once again felt that familiar fullness in her bladder, which had intensified when she rushed back to the office to grab her phone and return to the bathroom. Every time her bladder felt full, she always felt intense sexual arousal. The feeling was more intense when her panties and pants were already wet. The crotch of her panties dampened even more from that arousal. Alaina quickly gathered up a clean towel for her shower, along with some clean clothes. She replaced her towel from last night with the fresh one on the hook next to the shower, laying the former on the floor in front of the bathroom counter. As she stood on the towel, she took a moment to assess her reflection in the mirror, smiling at her wet jeans. She took a deep breath and let it out, once again relaxing her body. For the third time that morning, Alaina felt the incredible heat spread between her legs.

She let out a quiet, Mmmmhhh, as more pee jetted into her jeans. She once again looked at her reflection in the mirror. Her damp jeans became the canvas for her artistic enjoyment. Heavy streams slid down the front of the thighs of her jeans and spread deliciously across her abdomen. She groaned at the hissing sound as fresh pee ran down her thighs, onto her bare feet, and soaked into the towel on the floor. She quickly turned around and watched as the wetness spread out beneath her buttcheeks, ascended up her buttcrack, and down the backs of her legs.

It only took a few seconds from the back of her legs and butt to become drenched as she peed more forcefully in her pants. A whimper escaped her throat, followed closely by an extended moan. She gently put her hand in the crotch of her jeans, as the fabric continued to warm. That gentle touch is all it took. She orgasmed so hard that she had to brace herself against the counter with her free hand to keep from crumpling to the floor. She groaned with extreme pleasure as her massive orgasm was succeeded by another smaller one.

It took Alaina nearly ten minutes of leaning against the counter, perspiring heavily, heart hammering, breathing in gasps to gain control of herself. Once that was accomplished, she slowly peeled off her soaked jeans, t-shirt, and blue panties and dropped them on the urine-soaked towel at her feet. The muscles in Alaina’s legs were still twitching from cumming twice in her pants, so she carefully entered the shower and blasted herself with lukewarm water. She gradually decreased the water temperature towards the end of her shower, which gradually pulled her body from that euphoric state.

