18 again

Author: fullbladder

*000*2022-08-21 13:46

Mandy nervously parked her car and shut off the engine. As she unbuckled her seatbelt with shaking hands, she took the liberty of scanning the charcoal-coloured typical-looking building in front of her. Who would have thought that such cutting-edge science experiments occurred in a place like this?

She retrieved her cell phone from her purse and unlocked it with her fingerprint. There were no new messages from Jas, her Facebook friend of nearly twenty years. They had gone to high school together, but hadn’t kept in touch since other than an occasional Facebook like or comment. She had suspected that Jas had a thing for her, but she had gone steady with her high school sweetheart and eventually married him.

The relationship had fallen apart after seventeen years, but Mandy appreciated how things had turned out, nonetheless. She had a beautiful four-year-old daughter, whom she considered to be her life’s purpose. However, Kennedy was away at her grandma’s this weekend so Mandy was free to see what this unique research opportunity was all about.

Jas had messaged her asking if she was interested in a unique experience, revisiting high school as her 18-year-old self. It seemed like something straight out of a movie. Now here she was, showing security at the door her driver’s license so she could proceed onwards through the tinted glass doors. Dressed sharply in a red blouse, form-fitting jeans, and sunglasses, she felt the security guard’s eyes admire her as she moved past him, heels clacking.

“Ah, there you are- Jas told us all about you!” a fifty-something woman in a lab coat exclaimed as Mandy walked in. The ID on her lab coat read Dr. Keaton. “I’m Nicole and my assistant Sam will help you get started!” She gestured towards an open door behind her.

“Hi”. Mandy smiled and nodded, cautiously stepping her way around the excited scientist and through the door. Sam was an attractive blonde woman in her mid-twenties, obviously a graduate student. Mandy could see a couple of futuristic chairs with funky attachments behind her- Jas was already seated in one of them. His head was buried in a large helmet-like device.

Sam noticed her studying the structures and quickly acted to divert her attention. “Don’t worry, the chairs look scary but they’re just a whole lot of fun! Soon you will be back at Aldy Senior having a blast with your friend! But first, we need to get some alcohol in you!” She giggled, gesturing towards a cart next to her.

Mandy scanned the many drinks in front of her- beers, wines, tequila, vodka, and so on. “Why do I need to drink first?”

“Oh, it all works a lot better once you’re relaxed and uninhibited. What can I pour you?”

Mandy picked out a red wine and accepted a full glass. As she drank, Sam chatted happily about her own experiences with the machine- she had gone back to her elementary and high schools, as well as the house she had grown up in. The technology was able to let you experience everything in your younger body- it really was ground-breaking stuff!

Nicole strode into the room and urged them to get the drinking done quicker. Mandy was already feeling buzzed half a glass in, but quickly chugged the rest. To her surprise, Sam refilled the glass. Mandy looked at her questioningly.

“Sorry, we really need your blood alcohol content at a high level, so you feel fully immersed in the experience – trust me, it beats taking other drugs. Just enjoy the fun!”

Mandy told Sam about her own life as she grew drunker- her ex, her daughter, her career as a dentist. Her voice slurred as she drank quickly. As Nicole came by to check up on things again, Mandy chugged the remaining quarter of the glass, just barely fighting off her stomach’s effort to vomit out the large volume of liquid.

Sam helped wobbling Mandy to the empty chair as Nicole hurriedly fussed with the device settings. Mandy was feeling drunker than she had in a long time- everything was hazy. The pleasurable buzz of the wine had largely drowned the initial anxiety she had been feeling about this experience.

As the headset was lowered over her head, Mandy recognized the familiar environment- it was indeed her high school. She was standing just inside the entrance to the school, with the cafeteria to her right. The vacant surroundings were a bit unsettling- she had usually experienced the school in its busy, lively state. She felt a rush of nostalgia- all those fun times with friends, meeting her first love, all of it. The emotions overwhelmed her in her drunken state and she started crying.

Looking down, she could see and feel her teenage body, clad with an old Ralph Lauren t-shirt and faded skinny jeans- it was unbelievable. She moved her arms and walked forward- it felt as real as anything she had ever done. She became aware of a sound of a basketball bouncing, getting nearer quickly. She turned to face the hallway and saw Jas running and dribbling.

“Wooooh Mandy- we’re eighteen again! Isn’t this awesome?” He spun around as he ran, smoothly resuming the dribble after the 360 spin. Jas was also wearing jeans and a t-shirt.

Mandy wiped away her tears and smiled- Jas looked exactly as she had last seen him fifteen years ago. “Hi Jas! Yeah, this is so crazy!”

He let the ball bounce down the hall and stopped in front of her. “Wow, you look amazing! Just like before!”

Mandy blushed. Even in a virtual world in her old body, the compliment moved her. She was finding it difficult to focus being as drunk as she was, but they sat down in the cafeteria and began catching up. Jas hadn’t married and had gone on to become a university instructor. He had heard about the project from a fellow instructor who knew Sam. He admitted that Mandy had been his first crush, but hadn’t expected her to accept the invite to participate in the experiment.

Mandy blushed again and admitted she thought he was cool too. Seeing Jas again in teen form had riled up her long-forgotten adolescent impulses. All the wine didn’t help either- she was definitely moist under her skinny jeans.

As they continued chatting excitedly, Mandy was starting to experience a different sensation- the urge to pee as her bladder filled up.

*001*2022-08-22 13:36

Mandy wriggled on the wooden bench as she listened to Jas tell her about his students’ antics. Her need for the toilet was growing rapidly- she had started the morning off like any other, with a tall glass of water and a mug of coffee. She hadn’t peed since her morning pee just after 7:00 that morning. The two large glasses of wine on an empty stomach were hitting hard. She suspected that her return to high school had lasted for maybe an hour so far.

“Hey listen, I need to visit the ladies room. I’ll be right back.” She interjected Jas’s latest student story at an opportune moment. The washroom was just a thirty-second walk away, around the corner. As she stood up, her urge intensified- she had to GO.

“Wait!” He said as she turned to leave. “We’re in the middle of a simulation.”

“So what?” Mandy danced lightly on the spot, scissoring her legs together. She fought the urge to grab herself in front of Jas and instead interlocked her hands and twiddled her thumbs in front of her crotch. Her desperation was obvious now that she had arisen from her seat.

Jas looked at her in disbelief. “What happens if you pee into a toilet while you’re in the middle of a dream?”

Then Mandy realized what he meant. She would relieve herself in the washroom here… while wetting her pants on the chair in the lab.

“UGH!” She slammed her clenched fists on her thighs in frustration. “I need to pee so bad! How do I get out of here?”

Jas frowned thoughtfully. “I dunno, maybe just hold on for a bit. They’re observing us obviously, so they’ll probably see you need to go and turn off the machine soon…”

It made sense. She desperately danced on the spot before plopping herself back down on the bench. Sitting helped, but she still wanted to squeeze her pussy through her jeans. They better stop this soon or she would have no choice but to pee- her bladder was filling up way too fast.

“I’m sorry to act like this- it’s just that I really really need to go. It was an hour drive here and then they made me drink…”

“Yeah, me too.”

“Don’t you need to go?”

“Not that bad- I went before leaving home…”

“ARGHHH! I wish I had. This sucks!” Mandy rubbed her palms aggressively on her thighs, scratching the denim material with her long fingernails. She exhaled deeply, feeling the unrelenting pressure building up further in her abdomen. How long could she hold on before peeing became an absolute necessity? Maybe ten minutes, perhaps twenty?

Jas looked at her glistening brown eyes empathically. “If it makes you feel any better, I had some accidents in school all those years ago.”

“Here? In Aldy?” she questioned in disbelief.

“No, in elementary school. I had accidents all the way to grade 4.”

“Oh… that’s pretty old to be peeing your pants.”

“Yeah, I was too shy to ask to leave. Sometimes, I peed myself right in front of the toilet- just couldn’t get my pecker out fast enough…”

Mandy shifted uncomfortably. “Yeah, I definitely had a few moments like that when I was expecting. Luckily, people give you a pass when you have a giant belly.”

“Pregnancy is rough for sure. I hear that the bladder control can also be an issue post-birth?”

Mandy squeezed her legs together and placed a hand on her lap, trying to squeeze herself discreetly. This conversation wasn’t helping matters. “Yeah, I leaked often when I sneezed or laughed. In fact, I once had a full-on accident in my car while driving home from Kennedy’s doctor- fucking traffic got me that time.”

She inhaled sharply, wishing she hadn’t admitted such a private matter. No one had found out. She had quickly thrown her soaked sweat pants into the laundry machine and cleaned the car seat in the garage, hiding the evidence before her ex-husband had gotten home from work.

Jas paused, seemingly unable to react. A massive erection was pressing up against the stiff cloth of his jeans. Hearing his attractive first crush talk about wetting herself in her car while wriggling in obvious desperation- it was overwhelming for an 18-year old guy full of raging hormones. He tried to subtly adjust himself, but she noticed the movement.

“Oh, you do need to go.”

“Yeah, sorry.” He lied, preferring to feign a need for the bathroom over admitting he was really enjoying her suffering.

“It’s okay. Listen, why don’t we just hold ourselves? It’s only us here…”

“OK sure.”

Mandy sighed audibly as she grasped her crotch- it was a most welcome help in the battle against her own bladder. Despite openly clutching herself, she was now in real danger of spurting in her jeans. How much longer could this experiment possibly go for?

Jas used his hand to hide his erect manhood. It was nearly impossible to fight the urge to rub his hard cock as he watched Mandy struggle to maintain control of her bladder. She really was a beautiful girl- perky breasts, a slim figure, and a nice butt to bring everything together. Her wavy black hair flowed down to her mid-back and she had great fashion sense to boot. What a treat it was seeing her like this!

“Ohhhhh.” Mandy moaned. “Do you think they’re stopping this soon? It’s been so long now…” She asked rhetorically, knowing Jas had no answer for her. Maybe it might be better to just go to the toilet. Sure, she would wet her pants in real life, but she would no longer be in pain. What was the difference anyway? If she wasn’t released from this hell soon, she would pee herself inadvertently. Time was ticking by and her bladder was slowly but surely reaching its limit.

*002*2022-08-23 11:40

Mandy felt herself squirt into her panties- she, a repeat 18-year-old, was peeing her jeans. She stood up from the cafeteria bench in a panic, iron-gripping her womanhood. It was pointless to hold on any longer, despite the consequences. “I’m wetting myself!” She gasped, “I have to pee NOW!”

She desperately hobbled out of the cafeteria, awkwardly placing one foot of the other as fast as she could without completely flooding her skin-tight jeans. “What about…” She heard Jas question behind her.

“It doesn’t matter! I can’t hold it!” She yelled back as the bathroom door came into view on her right. She had to momentarily free a hand to open it, which caused another squirt into her pants- her engorged bladder was pushing hard against the unforgiving waistband of her jeans as she struggled to get to relief. As Mandy released the other hand to try to undo the strained jeans button, she felt more hot pee escape from her body. The warm wetness was running down her legs.

She somehow got the button undone as she approached the first of four toilets, but the fly was another matter- it was stuck. Mandy yanked hard at the zipper, then tried to pull her jeans down over her shapely butt to no avail. Unfortunately, that added pressure on her bladder was the straw that broke the camel’s back. Her dam burst completely and her jeans were engulfed in a rapidly spreading wetness. She stopped trying to pull her pants off and relaxed her arms in a mix of relief and frustration, simply accepting that her strained bladder was emptying itself into her pants.

A giant puddle formed on the floor around her as she closed her eyes in blissful relief. Sighing, she got lost in the humiliating but somehow precious moment. Her pussy pulsed as the awesome burden of holding on was finally lifted. As Mandy finished peeing, she felt a surprising sense of sexual excitement. She finally opened her eyes and observed the huge wet mess she had made, in her jeans and all over the bathroom floor. Here she was, in her high school, 18 again… and she had completely drenched her pants. Like a little girl, she had a toilet accident at school- it was somehow naughty, exhilarating. At least, she should take advantage of this opportunity to explore her youthful body just one more time. Heart beating, she reached down to rub herself through the drenched denim material. Her rubbing sent electric shocks through her beautiful teen body.

“Hey Mandy, are you alright?” Jas’s voice suddenly interrupted her nirvana and she turned to face him in shock, her right hand still caressing her vulva through wet, unzipped jeans.

“Oh, Uh, um... I…” Mandy’s faced burned red, as she stammered incoherently, unable to explain her soaked jeans nor the hand pleasuring herself.

Jas entered the cubicle and pressed his mouth against hers. Naturally, Mandy kissed him back, escalating her youthful horniness further. As he pressed up against her wet body, Mandy could feel his hard dick poking a tent in his jeans- he had been turned on by her accident. As they broke off the kiss, Jas stepped back to admire the scene. He reached into her most intimate area and stroked purposefully- his touch was more forceful than her own. Mandy moaned as he continued rubbing her through the piss-soaked material. “Harder!” she demanded as she planted her hands on both sides of the small cubicle and rocked back and forth. In two minutes, she climaxed, her screams of pleasure echoing through the empty halls of the large school- she felt herself release more pee into her soiled pants.

Mandy collapsed into the man pleasuring her, with her wet hands dampening his t-shirt. Breathing heavily, her breasts rose and fell rhythmically against his body. She was in heaven.

Mandy smiled as she finally recovered from the intense orgasm and looked up at Jas. “My zipper’s stuck.” She giggled, amused at what she was finally able to say.

Jas pulled her back to take another good look at her accident. “Oh, that’s not good. Let me help you with that…”

He reached down to her crotch again and gave the fly a forceful yank to lower it. Then he grabbed the sides of her jeans and lowered them to reveal white panties with a naughty red “kiss me” written on the front. Predictably, there was a translucent wet semi-circle on the cotton underwear and Mandy’s camel-toe was visible as a result of the wet fabric clinging to her body.

As Jas's fingers teased her lightly through thin wet panties, Mandy grew excited again and ripped off her remaining clothes. “Fuck me, Jas… NOW!” She gasped as she helped him strip off his own garments. He lifted her up against the wall of the cubicle and penetrated her with his rock-hard member. This time, Mandy’s womanly noises were accompanied with loud clangs of the cubicle. They came together and collapsed to the soiled floor, disregarding the cool wetness on their skin.

They remained in the wet, warm embrace for a while, neither of them knew for how long. They only became aware of their surroundings when their headsets were removed and they exited the simulation.

Mandy sat up in the chair in disbelief- her jeans were totally dry. Also, her bladder was not full- she had definitely peed recently. She looked over at Jas in awe. “Why am I…” she gestured to her jeans.

Jas laughed, along with Nicole and Sam. “Yeah, the chair has a toilet device which they hook up while we are in simulation. You can actually relieve yourself without worries.”

“You ASS! Why did you convince me to hold it like that? I totally pissed myself!” Mandy leapt off her chair and strode to the other one to punch him on the shoulder.

Jas grinned. “I’ve wanted to see you piss your pants for years! It didn’t even really happen! Besides, wasn’t it all fun?”

Mandy broke into laughter herself. It had definitely been fun. Maybe, she and Jas were destined for a few more wet adventures.

*005*2022-09-01 02:45

Thanks Manowar and AnotherGuy for your comments and thanks to all the upvoters too!

Your encouragement is AWESOME.

