The Beach Party

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2017-11-23 21:03

The Beach Party, Part #3

Kelly soon left, while Steve and Phil both headed for the sand dunes for yet another piss, leaving just Zora and Matt. "I thought for sure you'd try to say no to our idea after what you told me earlier Zora. This is the girlfriend with the iron bladder I fell in love with" he told her before kissing her.

"Part of me really wanted to say no" she admitted. "But we're all broke college students who need the money, and you boys were really excited by the idea, so how could I say no?"

"Plus you never need a pit stop when we go out drinking a lot of beer together, so why should that be any different now" added Matt with a grin. Clearly he was hoping his confidence would rub off on Zora like their excitement about their rule changes had.

"It's not just that either" admitted Zora as she decided to be honest with Matt. "Did you see how Kelly looked at me? Did you pay attention to her body language?"

Matt looked a bit confused. "What about it? She didn't seem that mad anymore about losing the contests to you if that's what you mean".

"Kelly jumped onboard your idea in order to challenge me Matt, it was clear in her eyes. This is her way of trying to challenge me to a holding contest" Zora explained. "She wants to humiliate me by beating me at this after I beat her at beer drinking twice". Zora went into detail about the bulge she noticed on Kelly's bladder area, and how she realized Kelly had been desperate for a piss for a while when she entered the first drinking contest.

Zora and Matt glanced at Kelly in the distance, calmly talking to some friends. "I think I may see subtle signs of it" admitted Matt. "She's feeling it in her bladder to Zora even if she's barely showing it, and most of the beer from her first contest didn't have time to hit her bladder yet when she last peed".

"True, but she still last peed four and a half hours later than I last did" replied Zora as she fidgeted her legs around. "God, I haven't peed in 9 hours now, but I've already drank more than I normally drink all day. I've gotta pee so badly already Matt, how am I ever going to hold it?".

Matt smiled at her. "Calm down, you'll be fine Zora. I know you'll beat Kelly, because you're my iron bladder girlfriend who can always wait and avoid visiting the ladies room whenever we go out drinking beer together". Zora thought she saw the hint of an erection underneath his swim trunks.

"I'll try my hardest Matt" she replied, "but I can't promise I won't drop my bikini bottoms and pee in the dark the second we don't have any money on the line for me not peeing however".

"That's the mindset of a loser Zora" scolded Matt. "Only losers who piss themselves think about when they might pee later while hoping they can hold it that long". Zora tried to interrupt, but Matt kept talking. "Be honest Zora, all the times in the past you were this desperate to piss after drinking a lot of beer what happened?"

"I waited till we finally headed back, and then rushed to plop myself on that toilet seat when we were home" Zora answered. "But sometimes you'd make me keep waiting yet another hour by taking me right to bed for some sex the moment we got back".

Zora sneaked another glance at Matt's swim trunks and was certain now from the large bulge, her boyfriend was getting a raging erection from her plight. Surprisingly Zora found herself getting a bit aroused by her boyfriend's erection and arousal. She wrapped her arms around Matt and pulled herself closer to him. She felt herself rub against his erect cock for the second time today.

This time around Matt didn't blush at being caught. Zora kissed him and whispered "It's weird, but your arousal is making me a bit aroused at my own desperate plight. You should have told me this turns you on sooner".

Convincing William to change the rules for the betting didn't prove difficult at all. The guys and Kelly did most of the work, while Zora just nodded along and agreed. That suited Zora just fine, since she found herself in less and less of a talkative mood due to her increasingly urgent need to piss. It was only 4 PM by now, but Zora already needed to piss much worse than she had an hour ago. Zora had to make a conscious effort to not grip her crotch or squirm around in desperation like she badly wanted to.

After William said he'd spread word of the change of rules most of the group broke up and went in opposite directions, which somehow left Zora alone with Kelly. Both women's eyes glanced at each other's naval area, and saw how their distended bladder bulge had grown the last hour as the rest of their 80 ounces of beer had poured into their bladder. Zora was surprised to see Kelly fidgeting her legs around some, so she allowed herself to fidget her legs around a bit in desperation to.

"You know what these new rules mean" Kelly asked her with a wicked smile, as if trying to look unaffected by her filling bladder.

"That there's money in these contests for anyone with a strong bladder like us now" guessed Zora, unsure what Kelly was getting at.

"No silly girl, it means if we're both going to ignore our iron bladder's, and keep holding it instead of peeing, then we might as well milk it for all the money it's worth" replied Kelly with an eager smile.

"What are you proposing we do Kelly, besides holding the gushers in our iron bladders back some more?". Without even hearing the answer Zora knew her bladder wouldn't like it.

"Isn't it obvious Zora" asked Kelly. "It means the two of us should take a walk around the beach until the next contest, while having a few 12 ounce beer bottles". Zora couldn't help but grip her crotch with one hand as her bladder shuddered at Kelly's suggestion. Kelly for her part squirmed by rubbing her legs together, as if determined not to grip her crotch in desperation like Zora had. "Think about it Zora, how else will we get more people to foolishly bet on us iron bladder ladies not being able to last? Unless of course your bladder is too full to have some more beer and keep waiting and waiting with me..." Kelly left her implication dangling, with her eyes daring Zora to agree with Kelly's assessment of her bladder.

Zora stood up straighter and willed herself to stop fidgeting in front of the shorter blonde woman. "Me and my bladder will be just fine with an extra bottle of beer or two" said Zora with a confidence she didn't truly feel due to being a pessimistic person by nature. "But wouldn't we be undermining ourselves in the beer drinking competition if we followed your idea and drank more beer" she asked Kelly.

"Zora we've been so far ahead of the others at the beer contests that as long as we both drink the same amount of beer we shouldn't have anything worry about" answered Kelly. "After all, we're both each other's only rivals at it".

Zora and her already desperate bladder after 10 hours of waiting hated Kelly for her 'suggestions' and how she kept on making Zora's desperate plight even worse. And yet the greedy part of Zora's mind that constantly worried about her financial situation couldn't help but agree with Kelly's logic for increasing her potential winnings. So against what she considered her better judgment Zora allowed herself to grab another 12 ounce bottle of beer, and slowly down it while walking around the beach with Kelly.

Zora and Kelly both ended up brazenly downing two 12 ounce bottles of beer the next two hours while waiting for the 6 PM drinking contest to arrive. While Zora hadn't liked Kelly at first, she began to grow on her as they hung out drinking beer with the others. Both ladies freely admitted to whoever asked that they hadn't peed since 6 AM and 10:30 AM. While both ladies didn't try to exaggerate how urgently their bladders wanted to piss a gusher, nor did they avoid crossing their legs and fidgeting around in desperation as much as they normally would have in private.

Still, Zora found herself wishing she hadn't done it at all by the time the 6 PM contest was about to begin. Zora had to piss worse than ever, but she knew full well that even if she were willing to piss in the sand dunes it was too late by now, William had already started taking bets on her iron bladder lasting till 10 PM. For a moment Zora found herself wondering what she was thinking downing so much beer today when there wasn't a single toilet around she could use. Zora prayed she could somehow make it to 10 PM dry. Zora was glad that she had worn a black bikini which might cover up a tiny leak, but obviously not more than that.

There was one silver lining to the drinking that got gotten Zora into this increasingly desperate state however. Zora could tell from a thumbs up Matt gave her that her and Kelly's ploy had worked, plenty of other people were betting on their bladders not lasting till 10 PM. Zora tried to take her mind off the gusher brewing in her iron bladder by imagining how much money she would win if she could hold on long enough.

There were 8 other competitors this time around besides Zora and Kelly, all of them guys who were bigger and taller than Zora and Kelly. But the two ladies didn't care about any of them, and most of their competitors seemed quite intimidated by the two much shorter and smaller women. William soon duct taped the 40 ounce beer bottles to everyone's hands and told them to start drinking. Zora tried to keep herself in the zone and just focus on downing her drinks, but was finding her increasingly desperate need for a piss to be a pretty big distraction. 'Oh god I wish I could pee already' Zora moaned in her head as she double crossed her legs while continuing to steadily down her beer at a consistent rate.

As Zora was finishing the last drops of her second 40 ounce bottle of beer she was aware of the crowd shouting excitedly. It was only after she finished the last drops of beer and waved her empty bottles that she realized Kelly was also frantically waving her two empty 40 ounce bottles of beer. For a heart stopping moment Zora thought she had lost to Kelly. Zora nearly pissed herself right there from the shock. But then Zora noticed Kelly didn't look happy and victorious, but rather ticked off and confused. As she listened to the crowd's shouts Zora realized the crowd was arguing over which of them had finished first.

Zora looked around for William, and spotted him hunched over looking intently at a smartphone screen. "Why won't William get his ass over here and tell us who won" grumbled Kelly impatiently as she fidgeted her legs around.

"I think he's watching a replay of our finish on that smartphone that everyone's looking at" answered Zora as she pointed with one of the empty beer bottles duct taped to her hand. "I just want him to take these off so I can use my hands again". Zora tried to grip her crotch even with the empty beer bottles duct taped to her hands, but all she succeeded in doing was getting Kelly to smirk at her pitiful attempt to grip her crotch.

"I know what you mean" agreed Kelly with an impatient look on her face. "Hey William get your ass over here and tell us who won already" she shouted over the crowd's fierce debate over who had won.

William finally put the smartphone down, and motioned for everyone to be quiet as he inspected both women's bottles to confirm they were empty. William stood in between Zora and Kelly and wrapped an arm around each lady's shoulder as he addressed the group. "Well ladies, you both traded the lead multiple times during the 20 some minute contest. But there's a lot of confusion about the end of this contest. No one can really agree which of you finished first. I've re-watched smartphone recordings of the finish three times now, and it looks to me like you both tied each other".

"So... what happens in a tie" asked Zora nervously, speaking for Kelly and the crowd.

"It means you and Kelly split the 1st and 2nd place prize, meaning you both get $75" answered William. "And it means all bets placed on either you winning this contest count as winning the bet. But since most of the money was bet one of you two winning, it means there's very little reward for winning those bets". Zora glanced in Matt, Steve, and Phil's direction, and saw a mix of disappointment and relief on their faces. "But hey, just to remind you both, there's still plenty of money on the line for both of you for your bets to avoid taking a piss until 10 PM".

"Well then don't stand around wasting more time William" piped up Kelly impatiently, "remove our empty beer bottles already. We'd like to be able to use our hands again!". It was Zora's turn to smirk a bit now, Kelly's impatience showed she was a lot more desperate then she tried to let on Zora realized. When William removed the beer bottles from their hands, both women couldn't help but grip their crotch in desperation. Though neither would admit it to the other, both women were already feeling the effects of the extra 80 ounces of beer hitting their bladder.

As William predicted, the drinking contest had not been very profitable for Zora and the guys. The guys had only netted themselves $20 from it after giving Zora $3 for her 15% cut. While money from the bet for Zora to hold it another couple of hours till 10 PM hadn't come in yet, Zora and the guys were still disappointed by their haul. Zora noted that even though Kelly had tied her in the drinking contest, Kelly didn't seem any happier either. No one was satisfied by the tie result and it's reduced payout.

It was just after 8 PM now, night had fallen on the beach, though moonlight and a few campfires some people started allowed everyone to see well enough. William had started serving alcoholic beer an hour ago after the drinking contest ended, so plenty of people were getting drunk now. Matt, Steve, and Phil had already drank two 12 ounce bottles of it.

Zora, who hadn't peed in over 14 hours by now, was bursting worse than ever after all the beer from her last contest had hit her bladder. Zora knew she must look pathetic right now, curled up like a ball in front of a campfire, her legs quivering around in desperation, with probably a pained look on her face. Zora couldn't remember letting her bladder get this bad off whenever she went out for a night of drinking with the guys before. Kelly, sitting across from Zora, also seemed quite distracted by her own bladder, but still not as bad off as Zora felt.

Seeing her looking pitiful in her desperate state, and knowing she likely needed the distraction, Matt tapped Zora on the shoulder and asked for her to go for a walk down the beach with him. Zora stood up carefully to avoid any sudden jolts to her desperate iron bladder, and followed Matt with both hands gripping her crotch. Matt smiled as he noted how Zora's distended bladder bulged out several inches because of her desperation. He felt his cock already starting to get erect underneath his swim trunks.

"Why did I ever let you talk me into this holding contest bet idea" Zora whined to Matt as soon as they were safely out of earshot of the others. "I really wanted to take a pee break when it got dark enough to give me some privacy. But now thanks to you I still have to hold it in at least another 2 hours until 10 PM!".

"Be realistic Zora" replied Matt in a calm and soothing voice as he rubbed Zora's shoulders. "You say you would have peed now, but you know full well that's not true".

"Of course I would have!" retorted Zora, "You're not the one who's drank a ton of beer in several drinking contests and hasn't had a leak in over 14 hours Matt! Piss would gush out of my pussy like a fire hose if I stopped trying to hold it!". Matt smiled as he felt his erection becoming a raging hard-on at his girlfriend's plight.

"I know you're as desperate as you say Zora, but you still wouldn't have pissed now without us having money on the line" smiled Matt as Zora glanced down at the large bulge in his swim trunks. "We both know you're much too ladylike to ever pee out here. Peeing outdoors is too disgusting for a lady like you. Plus even in the dark there's still next to no privacy out here, especially with 100 other people still wide awake and roaming around".

Trying to put on a brave face, Zora countered "maybe that wouldn't bother me anymore when my bladder is this full and it's dark out. Darkness can be just as good as a privacy barrier". Zora couldn't help but glance down and notice the bulge of Matt's raging erection underneath his swim trunks as she said this.

"I don't think so Zora" grinned Matt. "The moonlight and all the campfires means there's still plenty enough light for us to see, even in the distance".

"Oh fuck!" Zora moaned as she finally realized Matt was probably right. Immediately Zora's mind started to race, as she tried to figure out if there was another acceptable option for her to take a piss when the contest ended. There was only one other semi-acceptable option Zora could come up with, wait until almost everyone else at the beach went to sleep and then sneak off to piss somewhere. But who knew when a bunch of college students who always stayed up real late would all finally go to sleep? Could Zora even hold it that long?

Zora felt her iron bladder beginning to rebel and send stronger waves of desperation upon realizing how very far away relief might actually be for her. Zora gripped her crotch with both hands again and did a potty dance in front of Matt to try to calm her desperate bladder down. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she repeated. "What am I going to do Matt? I don't think I can hold it long enough".

"There's two big things you can do Zora" answered Matt calmly as he moved in closer to hug her. Zora felt his raging hard-on rubbing up against her. Despite her plight, she couldn't help but smile as it instantly aroused her. "First stop being a pessimist Zora. You're the girl with the iron bladder who never has to get up to take a piss whenever we go out drinking beer. So start thinking and acting like the confident beer queen you are. Beer queens don't struggle and complain about their iron bladder when they know they can still hold it, and you Zora KNOW you can still hold it as long as you need to".

"I'll... I'll try my best" answered Zora as she began to blush from her own arousal, all while still being a bit puzzled that her situation was making her so lustful.

"That's not good enough Zora" replied Matt in a stern drill sergeant voice. "I don't want an 'I'll try my best', that's what a loser who can't hold it anymore would say and think. I want an 'I can hold it and wait no problem Matt' from you Zora". Zora fidgeted her legs around desperately, but found herself getting more aroused at Matt playing the stern drill sergeant.

"Ok Matt" she said as she mustered up her confidence. "I've really REALLY gotta take a whiz, but that doesn't mean I can't keep holding it in and waiting for a while longer". Zora felt her bladder loudly voicing it's disagreement to her, but she tried to avoid squirming around for just a moment.

"Oh really?" asked Matt as he reached a hand towards Zora's growing bladder bulge. "Maybe I'm having a hard time believing you after your complaining just a minute ago" he said as his hands gently rubbed Zora's distended bulge. To Zora's surprise the pressure in her bladder seemed to lessen just a bit from Matt's careful touch, rather than get worse like she had expected.

Continuing to play along, Zora used her sexy voice as she replied "I can always handle another beer regardless of what my bladder tells me Matt". Unable to resist anymore, Zora reached a hand out for the bulge of Matt's erect cock which was still rubbing against her body through his swim trunks. "You'd like that if I had yet another beer without peeing first, wouldn't you Matt" she whispered as arousal flowed through her body, and her bladder was momentarily forgotten.

"I sure would baby" Matt replied with a big playful grin. "But can my girl keep holding it and waiting for the contests if she has some more beer?". Zora smiled as she realized from Matt's question that her bladder's needs didn't feel as urgent as they were a few minutes ago. Zora still needed to piss quite badly, but she felt in much more control than she had a few minutes ago. Matt's distractions were helping her a lot.

"A lady can always wait just a little longer if she needs to Matt" she replied with her new optimism. "Especially if there's not a clean ladies room available nearby". She paused just long enough to see Matt smile at her satisfied. "It's funny Matt, I really didn't think what you were suggesting would help, but I do feel way better now".

"Well then wait until you hear my second piece of advice" he replied with a grin. "I believe you said a moment ago that you can always handle another beer, well that's was going to be my second piece of advice. You're too tense Zora, and beer always put you in a better mood".

Zora felt her body shudder involuntarily at Matt's suggestion, her bursting bladder begged her to say no. A moment ago Zora would have twisted around like a pretzel squirming in desperation, but for now she was able to resist it thanks to her newfound strength. The logic driven half of Zora's brain reminded her that she and Matt both had money on the line for her continuing to hold it for the next 2 hours, and urged her to say no. But the more impulse driven and heavily aroused part of Zora remained open to the idea.

"Why should I?" she asked in a playful voice, knowing full well she was playing with fire if she had another beer.

"Because you're a big girl who just said she can wait and handle more beer even if she already really has to take a whiz" answered Matt playfully. "Plus, if you drink a beer, so will Kelly. If she wants to go for your bladder queen crown then why should you make it easy on her?".

Zora glanced around Matt's shoulder and saw Kelly fidgeting around desperately in the distance. She couldn't help not just feeling optimism at the sight, but more aroused by the thought of Kelly's desperation. The prideful and pleasure seeking part of Zora wanted to take the arrogant woman down another peg by showing her who the true bladder queen on the beach was. The logical part of her mind, succumbing to the demands of her illogical impulses, began to wonder if she could somehow earn some more money out of besting Kelly's bladder than she already was in the contests.

Looking back at Matt she whispered "yes, I can certainly 'convince' Kelly to drink a beer with me Matt. Just do me a favor, and try to figure out a way we can win more money if Kelly insists on trying to beat me in a silly holding contest".

"I'll keep my ears open for an opportunity" promised Matt as he kissed her on the lips.

