Denied (Fan Fiction)

Author: FredericaAvery

*000*2016-12-04 22:46

This is part of a fan fiction I wrote a while back. This is one chapter (The third) but the other chapters don't really fit. It works just as well as a stand alone story. The fandom is Hannibal (TV show) but regardless of if you watch the show or not, it still works. There's nothing you really need to know about the shows or the characters to read the story. It contains desperation, wetting, humiliation, and masturbation. Also Dom/Sub elements. M/F/F (Dominant female and male with a submissive female). Feedback is appreciated if you want.

###

Freddie was back at Hannibal's house for dinner that night. Mistress wasn't there. She had been under the impression Mistress would be there but she had yet to show up. Any time she tried to bring it up Hannibal changed the subject. It was just her and him for the moment. She wasn't sure how much she hated it and how much she loved it. At least if it was just the two of them she had a better chance at snooping around, and the house was huge.

"Uh, sir, can I please use the bathroom?" She asked him. He looked up from his food. It had been silent til that moment but she really didn't think she had anything to say that wouldn't offend the hell out of him. She had just been answering random questions when he asked and he seemed to really be enjoying the food anyway. Not that it wasn't good but he acted like it was manna from heaven.

"Yes, down the hall, to your left." He said and then sort of waved her off dismissively with his hand. Really? He was going to be that much of an idiot and trust her to find it herself? Okay then, this was all his fault. He was asking for it. She had dressed how he had told her to. Short, black, low cut cocktail dress. He had also requested she straighten her hair and tie it back. She had no idea why she was so eager to follow orders, it was possibly the orgasms he had given her so far. She hadn't seen him since the night with Mistress at the charity ball and she was going nuts. Though she was able to cum without them, no matter what she did it wasn't nearly strong enough to keep her sated. She was slowly beginning to realize they basically owned her at this point. If she wanted any leverage at all, she would have to find some dirt on one of them to use as blackmail.

Though she really did have to pee, she didn't have to go that bad yet and she figured he was so into his meal he wouldn't notice if she was gone a bit longer than usual. She looked in several rooms until she found an office. Jackpot. Walking in, and shutting the door quietly behind her, she headed towards his desk. Maybe there was more information about Will Graham in there. Though that wouldn't exactly give her leverage she was overly curious with what was up with that guy. Also it was getting her more subscribers to her site which meant more money.

She stepped up behind the desk and slowly started to open drawers. Everything seemed pretty bland. An appointment book, some business cards. None of this was going to help. Then she came to a locked drawer. Huh. She tugged on it a few times, nothing. Without her lock picking kit it wasn't going to come open, well that or a key. There must be a key in there somewhere. She looked around, where would he hide it? She doubted he kept it on him at all times so she was going to have to be smart about this.

Her hands roamed under the bottom part of the desk for compartments or to see if anything was taped there. Nothing. Looking around she noticed framed pictures on the wall. Maybe he would hide it behind one of those. Without realizing this left her turned away from the door and unable to tell if Hannibal was coming she went for them quickly, starting to turn them to check the backs. She only looked behind the second one before she was interrupted.

"I will take this to mean you didn't learn your lesson about not snooping before?" Hannibal's voice drifted towards her firmly. She quickly turned the picture around and then turned to face him.

"I lost my contacts?" She asked stupidly. It was clearly a piss poor excuse but she had nothing going for her at that point.

"In a room you've never stepped foot in, ever?" He asked and came towards her. She let out a small squeak and backed up, only to feel her back hit a wall in the corner of the room. "Well at least you've learned not to run from me, however we will have to work on this backing away." He grabbed her by her hair and pulled her forward and down onto her knees. She cried out.

"I couldn't find the bathroom and...and you have nice art." She stammered. He was aroused, incredibly aroused. Without knowing why she started to nuzzle her face against the fabric of his pants, over the bulge, like a very lonely and affection cat would do. His breathing increased but he didn't moan.

"Or you lied." He breathed. "I would like to finish my dinner now. Come with me." Her hair was grabbed again and she was led by it back to the dining room table. Now she really did have to pee, she had screwed herself over with this move. Fuck.

"Okay yeah but I seriously have to pee." She said.

"If it could wait long enough for you to snoop, then it can wait long enough for me to finish my food." He said. She let out a low whine but really had no choice to go with him at that point. He shoved her down into the chair she was in before. "Stay, finish your food as well, all of it. The wine too. It was expensive."

"Look, sir, you don't want me drinking any more liquids at this point." She told him seriously.

"I don't believe you are telling the truth. You will not leave until you finish everything set before you. Start." He said and sat down as well. Another whimper came out of her and she started to eat quickly. "No. That doesn't count. Eat properly." He snapped.

"Sir I--"

"You have lost what little credibility you had with me before, don't tempt my wrath." He said. She bit her lip and crossed her legs tightly, the top leg swinging rather angrily as she started to eat like a 'civilized' person at a dinner party. She reached for the wine and took a small sip. Okay that definitely wasn't going to help the problem she was now facing. She looked at him and opened her mouth to ask him how serious he was. "This is not a game. Do as you're told."

"Yes well there's only a certain amount of time a person can hold a full bladder." She replied.

"Enough time to snoop in an office?" He asked. She grumbled under her breath that he was a bastard and started to eat again. The doorbell rang and she looked up. "That would be your Mistress. She was late with a client. Stay where you are or you will regret it." Freddie nodded and looked at the wine. Almost a full glass. She had already had a full glass before dinner and it was going through her. Alcohol always did. She would just save it until she was done with her food then chug it down. That was her best option at that point.

"So Hannibal tells me you were snooping before, yes?" Mistress asked as she entered a moment later. Hannibal wasn't there, Freddie assumed he was getting food for her. "With what intent, Ms. Lounds? To humiliate one of us into doing your bidding?"

"N-No Mistress I swear I was just...I couldn't find the bathroom." She lied again then almost winced when she heard how apologetic and weak she sounded.

"Well, I will personally take you there when I'm finished eating. No sooner." Mistress replied. "You must finish as well."

"But I don't think I--"

"You don't get to think. We are in charge now. You need to learn that you cannot get the upper hand and your punishment is this." She replied. Hannibal brought a plate of food in and set it down, along with a glass of wine.

"My punishment is what?" She asked. Of course she was ignored at that point. Mistress started to talk to Hannibal about shit she didn't care about. Well she might have cared had she not had to concentrate on holding her piss in. She kept eating, her hands getting more and more shaky.

Mistress was eating painfully slow, at that point Hannibal was just sipping his wine. Though she was sure he was smelling it more than he was drinking it. She wanted to scream, she wasn't going to make it. They weren't punishing her, unless they considered boredom a punishment. They were talking about going to the opera or something lame like that. It wasn't interesting.

"Please..." She finally begged. Her legs were twisted tight and she was bent over more than usual.

"Sit up. Uncross your legs, don't sit like that, it's not proper." Hannibal told her. She felt her lower lip tremble.

"I probably shouldn't uncross--"

"Do as your told or there is no orgasm tonight." Mistress warned. Almost as if a button was pushed in her brain she sat up straight and uncrossed her legs. She pushed her knees together tightly though, tensed her thighs. This made everything a lot worse. Her fingers tapped on the table.

"That's annoying. You will stop." Hannibal glared at her.

"S-Sorry." She said and put her hand on her lap. After a moment she opened her legs and jammed her hand between them trying to desperately stop what would be happening very soon. They both looked at her and went back to talking. Mistress continued to eat. Freddie then realized what was going on.

She wasn't going to get to go to the bathroom. Her punishment was pure humiliation as she had been trying to get the information to do the same thing to Hannibal. No. No he wouldn't. He wouldn't let her do that in his nice chair in his nice dining room while they ate. He would find that disgusting. That was unless he found her humiliation worth it.

"I can't hold it any more." She breathed after another five painful minutes of them chatting about race horses or something else that was dumb. Something about horses, maybe breeding or riding them. She didn't care.

"You won't like what happens if you don't." Hannibal warned. "Finish your wine."

"I can't." She told him.

"No, you just won't. There is a difference." Mistress told her. She felt a tear escape her eye, her legs trembling underneath her. Hannibal got up.

"Finish it." He said, grabbing the glass and thrusting it in her direction.

"M-Master please..." She whined, looking up at him with what must have been the most pathetic eyes ever. He looked back, his gaze was firm. With an incredibly unstable hand she reached for the glass and took it. Taking a deep breath she downed all of it in one go before he could yell at her that it was rude to drink like that. She slammed the glass down onto the table. "Done." She panted and let out a small cough.

"You might want to move her." Mistress said, "It's a nice night out, we could sit out on the patio."

"I would prefer her not sitting there either." Hannibal said.

"No darling I said WE could sit. She can stand." Mistress smirked and stood up. She grabbed her wine and plate and headed towards the back doors opening one of them. Hannibal chuckled and grabbed Freddie by the hair. He yanked her to her feet and she screamed. Being ignored again she was pulled out onto the patio and shoved into the center of it as Hannibal and Mistress sat at the table. Mistress continued to eat, but both of them were watching her now.

"Hands behind your back, feet should be shoulder width apart. Head straight, eyes cast down. Obedient." Mistress said. "You need to learn you are not the one in control and if anyone is going to be humiliated it will be you Ms. Lounds."

"If I stand like that I won't have long before..."

"That's the point. We know." Hannibal told her and sat back. He sipped at his own glass of wine with an evil smirk, which she both hated and was severely aroused by at the same time.

"Please don't make me--"

"This is not being forced, you are not a prisoner, you can walk out of here if you want. However, that will make our deal void and you will not get another chance to play with us. Ever." Mistress told her firmly. She let out a weak cry and then slowly got into the position they told her to be in. Fuck, she really didn't have long and they were intent on this. If they wanted to humiliate her, this was a damn good way to do it. Even worse, she found she was entirely too aroused.

Though her stomach churned from the thought of what was going to happen and she was nearly dizzy with the anticipation of one of the most horribly embarrassing moments in her life as an adult, she was throbbing with arousal and aching for release. This intense humiliation was turning her on. She had no power with these people, she knew it, they knew it, and it was intoxicating.

Mistress and Hannibal went back to talking but they were still looking at her. A moment later she felt it start to happen. It was slow at first as she was fighting it. There was no way she actually wanted to piss herself and so her brain was telling her body to cut it out. However, this was punishment enough and she was going to keep position and let it happen. She had to, because if she didn't get another orgasm from them tonight she was going to go insane.

A small cry escaped her as she felt herself lose complete control of her bladder. She clenched her jaw, fell silent, and looked straight ahead. Her face flaring up red. She could feel the piss running down her legs, ruining her shoes and parts of her dress, soaking it. Still, she never moved from that spot.

"Dirty little whore isn't she?" Mistress asked.

"Yes but I rather like her like that. Never thought I'd see Freddie Lounds in such a state. I can nearly taste her embarrassment here. She must really want to orgasm tonight." Hannibal said. Though she wasn't looking at them, she could hear them just fine and feel their eyes on her. Since her eyes were cast down she could see the puddle of urine forming under her. It seemed to take forever, like this moment was frozen in time. Even though about thirty seconds later she was done it felt like a damn hour.

"She can hold a lot for such a little thing. It was a good idea to move her outside." Hannibal said and pulled Mistress into a kiss.

"I always have good ideas, Hannibal." She smiled and kissed him softly. She finished up her food and headed inside with her plate. Freddie was too horrified to say or do anything but stand there like she had been told. Scared that one wrong move at that point was going to get her in a lot of trouble.

She felt Hannibal staring at her, until Mistress came back out with a towel. She stood in place as she was wiped down as much as possible and then Mistress was in front of her, a hand gripping her chin firmly.

"Look at me." She ordered. Freddie's eyes immediately flicked upwards to meet Mistress's. "Good girl. Make yourself cum."

"But you--"

"Uh uh uh..." She said pressing a finger to Freddie's lips. "We didn't promise we'd help you we just said you could. Now, make yourself cum." She said.

"Can I at least get more clean?" She whined.

"Urine is sterile you'll be fine." Hannibal said dismissively, "You may get clean after."

"I'm not sure I even can after th--"

"Try." Mistress said and sat back down by Hannibal. The last thing Freddie wanted to do was finger fuck herself in front of these people after she had wet herself like a damn child yet, god was she ever horny. She licked her lips and hesitated.

"You have thirty seconds to start or you go home with nothing." Hannibal told her. She hurried into action, maybe that was a promise of more to come if she obeyed. Hitching her dress up quickly, she slipped a hand into her panties and then two into her cunt. A very loud moan escaped her. Fuck, maybe she wouldn't need their touch. This orgasm was going to be massive.

She worked her hand quickly, in front of these two perverse but amazingly controlling dominants. Her eyes flicking back and fourth between each amused face. Extremely amused, aroused, lust soaked eyes and heavy breathing. Another moan left her, her body shifted. She worked her hand faster. Who would have ever thought her own humiliation could get her to this level of pleasure?

Her breathing and heart rate started to climb rapidly. Her breath hitched, as the palm of her hand pressed firmly against her clit she climaxed. Her scream was cut off in a breathless choke. Her body spasmed, her eyes rolled back in her head. Wave after wave of pleasure shook her until she was sure she'd pass out.

When her vision cleared, she stumbled back, away from the mess she had left and ended up on her knees in the grass, coughing and trying to get her breath back.

"Well done, pet. Have you learned your lesson about who is in charge yet?" Hannibal asked her.

"Y-Yes Master...Mistress...I...I understand." She breathed trying to focus on just one spot on the grass until she could get her bearings back and maybe be able to stand up.

"Good. You will be spending the night here. Entertain any more thoughts of snooping and the next punishment will be far worse." Mistress said. "I will take you inside now to get cleaned up, understood?"

"Yes, Mistress." She said getting to her feet on very shaky legs. She wasn't exactly sure when she became this person, or how she had ended up such a pathetic shadow of her former self around them, but she couldn't say she hated it either.

