A Desperate Night Out: Controlling his bladder

Author: fullbladder420

*000*2025-04-10 22:22

8:00 pm

He found an empty spot and took a seat at the bar. Music pumped through the air faintly tinged by the scent of stale beer and desperation. He looked around anxiously, heartbeat fluttering with excitement for the night to come.

“Hey?” came a soft voice from behind him, as he turned to face it.

“Oh, hey. Sorry I didn’t know where to meet you, so I just found us a spot and I didn’t know what you wanted to drink- “

“Hey,” She cut him off “It’s alright. I’ve been looking forward to seeing you”

“y-Yeah” he said, cheeks burning red as she sat beside him and waved to the bartender

“Hey! Can we get a couple waters please? And I’ll have an iced tea please.” She turned to him.

“I’ll get a beer please,”. The bartender nodded and began making their drinks.

“I’m glad we’re finally getting a chance to do this,” he said to her. “I haven’t tried this out with another person before,”

“Me neither,” she said to his relief. The bartender brought over their waters, and he began sipping slowly.

“Drink up,” she said coyly, sliding her foot gently up his leg, “I’ve got big plans for you tonight,”, sending a shiver of nervous excitement through his body. They continued to chat, sipping away 3 more rounds.

9:30

Her water still sat untouched in front of her.

“Here,”, she said, “you drink this, I don’t want you to be dehydrated,”. He chuckled.

“So kind,” he said jokingly.

“I know,” she giggled, “get used to it,”.

He smiled and drank the water, as his bladder sent an uncomfortable pang. Three beers and two waters were making their way down. His bladder felt full and heavy inside him as he finished his water.

“I’ve had so much to drink,” he said. Now that he had noticed the urge it felt strong. His bladder was badly wanting relief. He stifled the urge to squeeze his cock as his pee pounded inside him.

“Have you? I hadn’t noticed,” she said lightly. “Oh! Hey!” she flagged down the bartender and ordered another beer for him, and a water for herself. A nervous chill ran down his spine. His bladder was filling steadily, but he didn’t know how long it would be until he would be granted relief. He could hold it. He had to.

“Is that water for me too?” he asked slightly nervously. She laughed.

“No, don’t worry, it’s for me. Promise. I have to drive us back to the hotel.

“S-speaking of the hotel,” he said eagerly, hoping to scope out his relief, “how far is it?”. He could barely sit still now. His bladder was throbbing full of pee that badly wanted out.

“Not too far. Should we head there soon?”

“M-mhmm!” he nodded enthusiastically. “I, um… kinda need to pee”

“Just kinda?” she said dismissively.

“K-kinda badly…” he said, as his bladder panged. He couldn’t ignore the urge anymore. His bladder throbbed as he squeezed his aching muscles. The bartender brought over his beer, which he quickly began to drink.

“Mhmm… how badly?” she asked.

"Really badly," he said, "m-My bladder's so full, it feels like a rock, but I can keep holding it" He fought to control a leak. His bladder needed relief so badly. He crossed his legs and bounced them up and down. He could feel her staring at him, watching his every move, she must know he was bursting. Her gaze burned holes in his skin as he squirmed uncomfortably. His bladder panged inside him, getting impatient for release.

9:53

“There! D-done. Can we go?” he slammed his empty beer mug down and looked at her desperately, “please?” he whimpered softly.

“Oh? Are you in a rush?” she asked him.

“Yes! God please let’s go so I can peeeee,” he begged internally. He felt an ocean sitting in his pelvis. His cheeks burned almost as much as his bladder.

“I just, um, I-I just wanna get to the room,” he said, knowing full well she didn’t believe him.

She sat beside him on the barstool, sipping her water and enjoying the show. She watched as he frantically tried not to squirm, knowing his relief sat in the palm of her hand.

“Yeah?” She leaned in and slid her hand up his thigh. “Why’s that?”. His breathing hitched as he felt a surge of blood rush into his cock. He loved surrendering his bladder control into his Mistress's hands. She decided when he was allowed to pee. His bladder throbbed harder as he fought off another strong urge. He hoped the hotel was close. He leaned in close to her,

“I, um…m-my bladder is really full… I have to pee so bad. It… it’s getting hard to hold on,” he whimpered in her ear.

“Aw poor thing,” She cooed, gently stroking his cheek. Her fingers traveled down his jaw, his chest, his stomach, and came to rest on his bulging bladder. She pressed on it lightly as she whispered in his ear,

“You wanna come to the bathroom with me, baby?” The pressure from her fingers on his bladder multiplied his urge tenfold. He didn’t even have time to think through his response as his bladder contracted painfully.

“Yes! Please,” he bounced anxiously, squeezing his legs together. “Please let me pee I have to go so bad, please” he begged. She saw his anxiety and gently rubbed his back.

“Okay, let’s go,”. He got up quickly and couldn’t take two steps before doubling over, gripping his cock uncontrollably.

10:00

“Ohhh… god, holditholditholdit… fuck, please I have to pee so bad” he whimpered. She quickly moved to cover him from onlookers.

“Cmon, hold it for a few more minutes,” she encouraged him, “I promise I’ll let you pee once we get there,”. His bladder throbbed excitedly at the thought of relief. His pee wanted out NOW. He squeezed hard, then straightened up, grabbed her hand and beelined to the bathrooms. They rounded the corner, and to his dismay… a line. Three people stood between him and his dearly needed relief. He leaned against the wall and tried to subtly squirm. His bladder throbbed hard, pee pounding at his exit. He felt a strong urge and he squeezed hard and tried to look casual. She rubbed his back soothingly. Two more people.

“Deep breaths baby, you can hold it. Only a few more minutes,” she comforted him. He tried to take a deep breath, but it only added pressure on his bladder. He couldn’t resist moaning softly as he tried not to grab himself- GUSH – the sound stopped as quick as it started. He gripped his cock for dear life, now openly dancing in the hallway. One more person.

He stepped side to side, iron gripping his cock, frantically squirming and bouncing around. Almost there. He was so close now. He felt his control slipping. Finally, the door opened, and he practically ran inside. She followed suite, closing the door swiftly behind them.

10:12

“Oh fuck, oh fuck, please let me pee, I have to go now I can’t hold it, please” he begged, nearly in tears as he squeezed himself and danced back and forth. His bladder was burning all the way down to the tip of his cock. Being in front of the toilet sent his bladder into overdrive. Drops escaped every few seconds as his bladder screamed for relief.

“Come ’ere” she beckoned. He stood in front of the toilet as she wrapped her arms around him from behind. She undid his belt, noticing how his bladder bulged around the waistband. He tried so hard to stand still while she freed him, but he was absolutely frantic by now. A drop of pee sat right at the tip of his penis when she pulled it out of his boxers.

“Hmm, that was quite the leak while we were in line… there’s a big wet spot on your boxers. You’re lucky those pants are black.” She observed, rubbing her hands around his bladder, feeling the contours of his skin. It felt like a big water balloon in her hands. She aimed his penis right at the toilet. With her other hand, she reached up and ran it through his hair. She gripped his hair, pulled him close, and whispered in his ear,

“Hold it. You pee when I say so.”

A tingle ran up his spine as his bladder throbbed. Every cell in his body ached for release as he fought hard against the ocean of pee in his bladder.

“Y-yes mistress,”

“Good boy,” she whispered in his ear. She squeezed his dick. “When I say go, okay?”

“Y-yes! Okay yes please,” he moaned frantically.

“10… 9…... 8………” Her counting slowed as she continued. “7….........6............….”

“H-hah!” He gasped as a few drops of pee fell into the toilet. The sound nearly put him over the limit as his bladder contracted hard, desperately trying to force the pee out.

“Hey! Hold it!” She commanded as she squeezed his dick again. “Not a drop comes out of your bladder until I say so,”

“Yes mistress! I’m sorry!” He begged, almost in tears. He danced frantically in place trying to control his bladder. She almost took pity on him. Almost.

"If you can't control yourself here, you'll have to hold it all the way back to the hotel," She told him firmly.

"No! No, please I won't make it back to the hotel Mistress, please I've got to pee so bad!" He begged. She squeezed his dick and pressed hard on his bladder.

"Leak again and I'll start over," she whispered in his ear. He whimpered as his bladder contracted, fighting desperately to hold his bladder.

“5…..” She counted slower than ever, “4…. 3…..” Her fingers gripped his cock as his body pleaded with him for relief. Sweet, sweet relief. “2…..”

“Please Mistress…” he begged as her counting lingered.

“Please what?”

“P-please,” he begged, “please let me pee,”

His bladder screamed, he was on the brink of peeing everywhere, whether he was allowed to or not. Tears formed in his eyes as his bladder throbbed painfully.

10:18

“Go,” she whispered in his ear. The word had barely left her lips when piss shot out of his dick, gushing a strong stream for well over a minute. Eventually, his stream tapered to an end as he leaned back against her, breathing hard. She softly rubbed his cock, just enough to get him excited, then tucked him away.

“What a good boy… you held it so well,” she cooed in his ear. He felt like butter in her hands.

“Thank you, Mistress,” he gasped, still trying to catch his breath.

“Let’s go for one more drink, then we’ll go, huh?”. He agreed quickly, cock now throbbing for other reasons. They went back to their seats, and he got another beer, and her a water.

“Thank you for letting me pee Mistress, I really couldn’t hold it anymore. Beer makes me so desperate,” he told her. She smiled,

“I could tell! That was a lot of pee,” Her fingers ran up his thigh, “I hope you enjoyed it, because you won’t be getting much more relief tonight,” she whispered in his ear. His cock was now painfully hard, straining against the inside of his jeans. She noticed, and rubbed her palm over his bulge, then pulled away.

“Drink up,” she smiled coyly as he finished his beer, “Here, finish my water too, I’ve had enough,”. He happily complied.

“Alright,” she said once he’d downed both the drinks, “let’s go,”. As soon as he stood up, he felt another pang in his bladder.

10:30

“What? I just peed like 10 minutes ago… oh fuck. I broke the seal. Oh God... I hope this isn’t a long drive…” He followed her out to the car and sat in the passenger seat. He put his seatbelt on, and his bladder throbbed again.

“Fuck, I just peed…I have to hold it. I can’t tell her I have to pee again already,”. She started the car and began to drive. Long windy roads, but luckily there wasn’t many other cars around. They drove over a gravel road through a construction zone, much to his bladders dismay. The vibrations sent waves through his bladder as his seatbelt rested snuggly on top on the growing bulge in his stomach. He looked longingly at the porta potty as they drove past. They seemed to be in a forested area now, the road was surrounded by trees. So many trees that looked like they badly needed to be watered…

His bladder panged uncomfortably, filling up much faster than he had anticipated. He shuffled in his seat. He could barely sit still.

“You alright?” Came a voice from the driver’s seat. A voice that clearly already knew the answer.

“I need to pee,” he gasped, “bad.”

“How bad?”

“Like… an 8 out of 10. My bladder’s filling really fast.” He confessed.

“Don’t worry, we’re almost there, just a few more minutes. You just peed after all.” He nodded anxiously, feeling his bladder throbbing under his waistband and seatbelt.

“How close?”

“A few more minutes,” she said again. He sat back, gripping his dick anxiously. He had a feeling it would be more than a few minutes.

“Hey- no hands. And keep your legs apart. You can hold it.” She commanded.

“Y-yes Mistress,” he winced as he pulled his hand away and forced himself to sit still. His bladder panged and throbbed painfully. He felt so unbelievably full of pee, he could barely believe he had just gone. Pee tingled at the tip of his dick, and he felt a few drops hit his boxers. The wetness rubbed against his tip, causing the rest to threaten to flow free. He wanted to pee so badly.

“P-please Mistress! I’m desperate to go,” he whimpered.

“You can’t be, you were just allowed to go pee,” she warned him.

“I had so much to drink… please, I’m scared I’ll have an accident in your car,” he confessed as his cheeks flushed bright red. She rubbed his back again.

“Don’t worry, okay, I planned on this. Your seat’s protected. It’s okay,” she comforted him.

“I-…it’s gonna be a lot of pee,” his cheeks burned.

“I know.”

10:48

His bladder was on the brink of exploding. He was so frantic to release all the liquid that pounded inside him, he was fighting so hard to stay still. He clearly didn’t have long.

“P-please, are we almost there-GUSH” a 3 second spurt rang through the car. He gasped and moaned as his hands flew to his cock. Another spurt came out. The wet spot was darkening against his black jeans.

“Oh fuck! Pleasepleaseplease I’m so desperate please let me pee!! Please pull over -GUSH- ah! - ple-GUSH-ase! I’m having an accident! Please, I can’t hol-GUSH-d it!” Pee was shooting out of him every couple seconds, it was clear it was coming out now. He squeezed himself and bounced frantically but it was no use.

“Please,” he gasped, doing everything he could to hold his bladder, “I c-can't- it's coming...”. His breath shook one last time as his bladder gave out. Pee flooded his lap, soaking his jeans and dripping onto the floor. His cheeks burned crimson red. He couldn’t believe he had wet himself.

“That’s okay,” his Mistress said happily, “You were never gonna make it to the hotel anyway.”

“You’re evil...” he said, “I love it.”

Part 2?

