No time for a break

Author: Frooger

*000*2019-10-26 19:21

The first part is a short story from the old minute holding board.

I like it so much that I wrote a second part (sorry for my bad English)

Part 1 (the original)

"Okay! Five waters and a pitcher of beer. I'll be right back will all that!"

Jen finished taking her customer's order and walked back to the kitchen as quickly as her aching feet would allow in her 5 inch pumps. She began to fill up five glasses of water with one hand and shoved the other hand deep into her crotch to try and contain the ocean brewing inside of her. Ever since she started working at her husband's diner, he has always had one rule. It doesn't matter if you're working a 4 hour shift or a 24 hour shift, you can only pee when you're off the clock. Needless to say, the other waitresses hated that rule! Eventually all of them got too fed up with this rule and quit. Everyone except his loyal wife Jen that is. She stuck with him working as the only waitress until he can get some more staff so she can finally take a break. He said it would only take about a day. That was over 6 days ago, and Jen has yet sit down, let alone pee in that time.

Jen pulls her high heels off and stands barefoot on the cool tile. She softly massages her bulging, aching bladder and let's out a soft moan. She leans against a wall and closes her eyes as exhaustion takes over her body. Then all of a sudden she becomes acutely aware of her throbbing bladder! She sprints as fast as she can to the toilet right through the dining room, dripping pee as she goes. She slams open the bathroom door and throws open the lid to the toilet. She groans as she sits for the first time in days onto the cold seat, and she let's go of a massive load of pee from her enormous distended bladder that fills the toilet in seconds. As it begins to overflow with her golden liquid, she doesn't care, and she lays her head back in sighs until-

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING JEN?!"

Jen is startled awake. She hears the characteristic sound of pee drops hitting tile floor and quickly shoves her hands back into her crotch to try and stem the flow before a full on torrent is released.

"I cannot believe you think it would be acceptable to pee on shift! And in the kitchen! And why are your shoes off?! And don't give me that, 'My feet hurt, my shoes are too small, I've been on my feet for 6 days' bull shit again! If the health inspector came in today we would get destroyed!"

Jen starts to shake the fog from her head and realizes that her relief was but a dream, and she was thrown back into her nightmare. Having regained control of her bladder, she wearily shoves her swollen feet back into her heels.

"I-I'm sorry honey! I just shut my eyes for a second and I guess I just lost control! It's been almost a week now and I'm just so tired....can't we just close for an hour or two so I can get off these feet and sleep a little...maybe even take a little pee break?"

"I understand, but that's no excuse. You know I can't let you take a break. The exhaustion makes you sharper, and you'll work faster when you need to pee! You don't NEED breaks Jen! It's all in your head!"

Disappointed, Jen doubles over holding her bladder as another massive wave of desperation begins to run through her body again. Her husband comes over.

"Here baby, shut your eyes."

He gently lifts up on her bowling ball sized bladder and takes the pressure off of her peehole. He softly massages it in his hands, and the relief from that nearly makes Jen lose her load right there. She once again drifts off, until all of a sudden, her husband drops her bladder right back down. Jen nearly collapses from the pain and pressure returning so suddenly.

"That's enough of a break Jen! We just got a party of 30! Get back out and wait on these tables!"

She slowly recovers, "Y-yes, I will get right back out there! That was plenty of time to rest for me! I can easily go another few days now! B-but when do you think you'll be able to hire another waitress, you j-just in case?"

"I don't know Jen, I'll get around to it eventually! I'm a busy man! I'll see about getting some applications in here in the next few weeks. But you said it yourself, you should be good to go now right?"

"Y-yes dear. Like you said, I don't need to take breaks..." Jen says as she rubs her bladder and hobbles back out to greet the new party.

Part 2 (my part)

After a couple of hours, her husband calls Jen to come into the kicthen with him.

“Your bladder looks so swollen, you look like you are pregnant. We need to do something about that”

Finaly I am going to pee Jen thought.

“And you can't be wearing that pee stained skirt anymore. So I went home to bring you some new clothes, so if you could hurry and change into them?” her husbond says giving Jen a bag

“W-what you wnt home? Why couldn¨t I have gone so I could have had a pee?” Jen says.

“Don't be silly, you where need here to serve the customers”

“No quickly change” her husband says.

“Yes dear, I will hurry up” Jen says opening up the them, She looked quite shocked when she saw what was in the bag, she pulled out a pair of light blue jeans.

“You brought jeans? And my tightes once aswell?” Jen says.

“Yes. I thought since those are very high waisted the would compress and hide your big bladder. Now hurry up and put them on. I even brought you some wetwipes so you can clean your self up a bit” the husband said.

“Thank you” Jen says with her head haning a bit. Here dream of beeing able to empty her bladder was crushed. She took of her skirt and heels and starting to use the wet wipes on her legs an crotch, she even tried to massage her aching feet a bit with the wipes.

“Did you bring any new underwear for me?”

“Sorry did not think to bring that, but do you need that under jeans?” her husbond answers.

“No you are right I don't need that when wearing jeans” Jen says.

She started pulling up her jeans, wiggling them up her tighs and hips. But there was no way she colud close them, her bladder had grown so much and the jeans was already to small for her to begin with.

“Honey I am not able to close them”

“Nonesense, I will help you. Lay down on the floor” he says

Jen layed down and he stood over her and told her to suck in her bladder and stomach, and press the fly-sides together.

She sucked in as much as she could. And then pressed hard on her stomach and bladder and yanked the zipper up.

When his hand hit her bladder Jen saw stars friom the pain, and was sure she couldn't hold any more and piss herself right on the kitchen floor, but somehow she managed to keep dry.

He helped her up from the floor.

“Now put on the clean shirt” he says, taking a up a white shirt from the bag and handed to her.

Jen quickly cleaned her under the arms with wetwipes, and put on the new shirt.

“Tie a knot on them to make it more cropped so it showes of your nice jeans-clad butt” he says to her.

Jen did as he said.

“I also brought you a new pair of shoes” he says.

Jen was horrifed when she saw he had taken her most painful shoes, a pair of black 6 inch pumps that was two numbers to small for her.

“It's okay, I can wear the old ones” Jen says.

“Don't be silly, it will be good for your feet to change shoes after wearing them for so long” he says.

“But then you must help me put them on, my jeans are to tight for me to bend down to put them on” Jen says.

He then lifted her leg a pressed her feet into the tortures shoes.

Jen gave away a small scream when her feet went into the too high and too small shoes. It went stings from her toes up to her bladder, giving her bladder cramps.

“My god how sexy you look now” her says.

She had a look in the mirror and had to agree that despite not having had a rest or a pee in over 6 days, she looked very hot and sexy in her too tight jeans and 6 inch heels. And for a spil second she forgot about her full bladder and how tierd she was.

“Jen you need to hurry up, there a thisrty customers waiting” he says to her.

“O-of course” Jen says almost limping from her heels, every step she took caused stings to be sendt from her poor aching toes up to her overfilled bladder.

“Have you thought more about getting some more staff to help out?” She asked.

“No not had any time for that yet, we beeing open 24/7 and all, but I think it wil slow down a bit after the October feast is over” he said.

“B-but that is almost two weeks, I can't stay awake or hold my pee for that long” Jen says with tears in her eyes.

“Of cource you can, remember you are a strong, strong women who don't need common things like rest and bathroom breaks” He says to Jen and gave her a tight hug, putting more preassure on her bladder. “And remember, you can't have any leaks now wearing so light colored jeans, the smallest spurt will show”

“You are so right, you know me so well. What are two more weeks for me, I can easily make a month” Jen says smiling.

“Thats the spirit! No go out to the customers” He says looking at her tight butt as wiggled, as she hobbled as fast as she could in her heels.

