An unforgettable evening with an unexpected ending

Author: fetisher

*000*2021-03-05 12:48

Emily is an attractive 42 years old bank office attendant. She has been divorced for several years and now she is living alone with his teenage son. Being a beautiful woman, she does not lack male attention. She looks very attractive blonde with slender body. The last love affair she had for several months was a little more special. She has a relationship with a man 14 years younger. Tom is 28 years old single man, who liked her very much. He works for a company that has close business contacts to the bank where Emily works for. Their friendship began as simple coffee meetings in the office.

Soon Emily and Tom got closer and their business relationship grew into an intimate one. Of course, most of people believed, their love affair has no future, but they don’t care about it and enjoy every moment together. Tom is very proud of her. She always looks smart and well-dressed lady, mostly in office suits, which was related to her job at the bank. That's exactly how Tom likes her. He is always fascinated when he meets her sitting in the office, with a tight business skirt that is clinging to her thighs, revealing her nice knees and legs with pantyhose on. She looks much sexier than much younger girls.

That evening Emily and Tom decided to spend a time with friends in a pub. The evening passed in sweet talks, nice food and beer. They had planned to continue afterwards alone in Tom's apartment and Emily was dressed quite attractively. She was wearing, a short red coat, a tight white sweater and black mini skirt. Tom was really impressed with her appearance, especially looking her sexy beautiful legs in beige pantyhose, high heels and her sexy butt in cool tight mini skirt. Her skirt had a small discreet slit at the back that opened with each step, which Tom found it irresistibly sexy.

As they were sitting in the pub he frequently glanced under the table to enjoy her bare legs and thinking about the afterwards. Most of the time Emily was sitting with crossed legs, which had shortened her skirt even more, revealing more of her bear thighs. After only two small beers and more than two hours of chatting, Emily began to sit slightly restless in her seat. It has not gone unnoticed by Tom. He had already observed her “need to pee” body language. These subtle movements were well known and were quite arousing to him. As a smart mature woman, Emily always tried to look decent and preserve her modesty. She has a tendency to put off the visit to the toilet. In front of other people she doesn’t like to admit when she need to go and usually prefers to hold. Emily had no idea how aroused Tom was as he watched her holding herself.

The evening went on and they were decided to drink another beer before left. Emily also ordered another small one. At this time Emily got more restless on her seat. She tried to hold back as discreetly as possible, but it was quite obvious for Tom, who could see very clearly how her thighs were constantly swaying. She kept crossing and uncrossing her legs quite often, making her short skirt slide higher. From time to time she pulled her skirt back down. Otherwise it would rise to her butt.

They were in the middle of some interesting conversation, when Emily suddenly interrupted and said with an apologetic smile “Please, wait mе a minute. I’m coming back now”. She quickly stood up and hurried to the restrooms. Tom looked carefully how Emily rushed and secretly thinking what a powerful stream she was producing now, after two small beers and several hours without going to the toilets. Some minutes later Emily came back, seemed much calmer and relieved.

A little bit later, their friends decided to continue the night at the music club. Emily and Tom joined to the others. The club was pretty full that night. There were only few free seats at high stools. Emily chose not to sit, mostly because of her mini skirt. They enjoyed the music, the cocktails and had fun a lot. The mood was rising. After a while, Emily without saying anything, took her purse and headed for the restrooms. Very soon, however, she came back telling Tom that there was a long queue and she had to wait a long time. Tom asked her discreetly if she badly had to pee and she answered that still it was not very urgent.

She continued to dance and have fun without showing any anxiety for some time. A little bit later she decided to sit on an empty high chair. She climbing very carefully and quickly crossing her legs, so that nothing could be seen under her skirt. As a smart looking lady, she always pays attention and tries her best not to be upskirted. Tom was standing in front of her, and unlike the others, he had the privilege of peeking at the gap between her legs and stretched skirt. What an amazing view was revealed in the moments she uncrossing and crossing her legs. Tom caught the white triangle of her panties with pantyhose on. His excitement was heightened by the fact that she had to pee and he was thinking about what a pressure was hidden beneath her underwear.

As time went on, she began to sway slightly in the chair, as if in rhythm with the music. Not long after she stood up and briskly walked to the toilets again. Tom stared at her back, enjoying how her lovely bum jiggling in her tight mini skirt. A minute later she was walking back again, obviously without being use the toilet. Tom noticed her displeased look, and before he could ask her, Emily whispered to him „Something went wrong in the toilet. There are crowd of people in front and I can’t go inside. Would you like to leave now, I really have to pee?“. Tom didn't seem to want to leave yet, but realizing the reason, he agreed immediately. Тhey said goodbye to others and left the club.

Outside the club they looked for a taxi, but there was no one in sight. The cold night air increased her need to pee even more. She began to squirm, twisted her legs and begged Tom to walk away, so she couldn’t stay still and didn’t want to be watched by people in front of the club. They were walking down the street, while Tom was trying to call a taxi by phone. A little bit further, they stopped by a corner to explain the location of the taxi operator. Talking on the phone, Tom noticed that Emily couldn’t stay still. She was clenching her legs together and began bouncing up and down. It was quite visible, that she was in serious discomfort.

Тhe taxi had to come in 10 minutes, during which time Emily was walking around in a circle, as well as at times she stood with tightly crossed legs and squatted slightly. Fortunately it was dark and there were no passersby, so she openly holding herself in front of Tom and admitted how badly she had to pee. Tom enjoyed the casual spectacle of pee dancing that Emily was giving him. At the same time, he realized that they had at least another 20 minutes to get home. He watched how desperate she was and wondered about what she was going to do. A few minutes passed, the taxi still didn't come and Emily moaned again that she really had to pee and nervously asked when the taxi would come. Tom thought about to ask her to squat somewhere, seeing how desperate she was.

He was always dreamed to see her pee, but knew her well enough that she was too shy to do it. Especially on the street in that open area. After all, Emily is a mature woman with her age-specific moral restraints. She couldn't afford to act like a teenage girl, to pee on the streets. A mature woman should be able to hold, regardless how urgently she had to pee. However, now she looked more and more like a little girl who would wee herself at any moment. She got more desperate with each passing moment and Tom was really worried that she might pee herself if she didn’t go somewhere.

In one moment, without saying anything she walked a bit further down the street and looked for something. Tom immediately realized that she was looking for a secluded spot and asked her “Why don't you squat somewhere? It's dark, no one will see you. You can hide between cars”. She told him she couldn't do it between cars, but if she found a more discreet place she would pee there. She added that she could barely hold it. Tom instantly shivered with excitement, just thinking that she had agreed to squat outdoor. I’m going to watch her pee, he thought and began intensively looking for a suitable place. Unfortunately, they could not see any secluded and discreet spot nearby. They couldn't walk far off, because the taxi would come at any moment, so Emily preferred to hold back, assuring Tom that sitting in the taxi would make her feel much better and she will able to hold.

Soon the taxi arrived. They sat on the back seat, close to each other. Emily crossed and firmly pressed her legs together. She clenched her bladder shut as best she could, trying not to show any sign of desperation in front of the driver. She managed to stand motionless and looked still for the first few minutes. Soon, however, she began to squirming about on the seat. On the half-way she began rubbing her thighs and knocking her knees together. Tom slid his hand on her thigh, feeling her sheer pantyhose and sensing every twitch she did.

He was focused on her knees and thighs, followed each subtle movement and thought about the moment they got out of the taxi. They need to get to Tom's apartment as fast as they can, because it seemed that Emily was close to an accident. As they approached the destination, all of a sudden Emily whispered Tom, asking him to get off here and continued on foot. Tom realized what Emily was mean and immediately told the driver to stop. Emily jumped out and walked back down the street. Tom paid quickly and followed her.

She was standing back on the sidewalk, clenching her legs tightly and looking worried. “I’m sorry, I gotta pee now, I really can’t hold it anymore.” – she admitted. “Don't worry, no one will see you in the dark” – Tom encouraged and led her out to the nearest small street. There was no one around at this late hour. The silence of the night was pierced by the rapid click clack sound of Emily’s heels. She walked fast and focused, looking around for some dark corner where she could squat.

She moaned she was going to pee herself. Tom was also looking for some dark corner or bush, where Emily could hide to pee. After a minute she told him, that if she couldn’t find any spot soon she just let it go in her panties. Tom was thinking about the upcoming sighting, really turned on, but at the same time worried about her. Emily was almost running for the last meters. She was pressing her fists in the crotch, didn’t care about her modest. There were only private houses and parked cars around, without any bush or any secluded corner in the sight.

Suddenly she stopped on the sidewalk and doubled over, grimaced strangely, moaning she was going to pee herself. She was pressing her crotch as hard as she could through the tight skirt. Seeing that, Tom urged her to squat quickly between cars, assuring her that no one would see her. Emily said nothing and just looking around. She was staying in that way for some seconds in a half squat posture, frozen, obviously waiting to regain control of her bladder. Seeing there was no one, she suddenly run across the street headed quickly to the nearest parked cars. Entering between two parked cars, she began to hoist her skirt.

Tom stared at her back closely. The small slit on her mini skirt was opened wide as she pulled her skirt up, revealing her white panties, when a trickle of pee was coming out, leaving wet trails on the asphalt. In the next moment the bottom part of her panties and pantyhose turned darker and the pee spurted and coming down her thighs, soaking her pantyhose in all direction. Emily yanked her pantyhose along with panties, already peeing through them. Once she was squatted down, she let a stream of pee with full powerful! It escaped with such a force, making a loud hissing sound.

Emily was finally peeing! Within seconds, a huge puddle was formed beneath her and a river of urine was flowing down the street. Tom was staying next to her and kept watching, didn’t believe on his eyes. What an amazing sight was to see how a mature sexy woman pee. The way she was doing that looked so natural and so sexy. She was squatting very low, her bare ass almost touching the asphalt. Her skirt was bunched at the waist. The pantyhose with panties were stretched at her thighs. While she was peeing she checked how much were soaked and said quietly “Wet myself…”.

„Don’t worry. Soon you’ll be clean at home …” – Tom reassured her. For a long time the stream didn’t decrease. Tom looked around periodically for no one to come, but most of the time was focused on the process. Fortunately no one was visible around and Emily was able to do her work to the end. She did a few long dribbles and wiped herself. Then she quickly pulled up her panties and pantyhose as they were wet. On the inside of the thighs there were clearly visible two massive wet stripes. She adjusted her mini skirt as low as she could, but the wet stripes on her legs were visible, reaching the knees. In spite of everything, she seemed pleased and relieved.

They had to walk by foot to Tom’s apartment, keeping distance from passersby and walking only on inner and dark streets. The wet stripes on the pantyhose were visible beneath the skirt at close distance, but it was dark and they didn’t meet anyone on the way. Emily muttered about how wet her underwear was. She felt embarrassed, but still didn't realize how excited Tom had been from her accident.

Once they entered in Tom’s apartment, he immediately grabbed Emily and didn’t let her go to the bathroom. He couldn't wait to look closely at the light her accident. Emily tried to stop at first, but let him to lift her skirt. He starred at the amazing soaked panties and peed pantyhose and was so much excited. Even the smell of urine he liked. He started rubbing her pussy trough her wet underwear, which seemed Emily also liked. Then she went into the bathroom to clean herself.

After a while, she appeared in front of Tom, in the same skirt but in different pantyhose. Fortunately, she had a spare one in the purse. But only spare pantyhose she had. She wore it naked, without panties.

Тhey started talking about the Emily’s accident. Emily already felt that this had aroused him greatly.

“Did you like it, how I pee?”- Emily asked him surprisingly.

„To be honest, yes“ – Tom confessed shyly, then added “It’s really turned me on!”

“I noticed this. Even when I started to holding myself, you looked aroused. Right?”

“Yes, that's right. You look very sexy and I always get aroused when you desperately have to pee...”

“Really?... You should see me sometime just before I finish work”

“I’ve seen you and I can assure you look incredibly cool and sexy.”

They paused for a while then Tom continued:

“May I ask you, did you have other pee accidents?”

She smiled sweetly at him and paused briefly before continuing.

“Yes. Sometimes it happens … small accidents, a few dribbles just before I could take my panties down” – she confessed with an embarrassed look. She also told him about several other cases in which she happened to pee outside, when she was also close to an accident. They didn’t want to waste a time in more talking. Needless to say, that their night ended with an amazing sex.

