Wet Dreams On Pine Street

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2025-08-08 08:32

The sound of hammering on pipes led Amy into a deep heavy sleep. In her dream she wandered into a strange building in her home town she's never seen before. It was old and run down. She could still hear the sound of hammers on pipes leading her deeper into this dark place. She opened a door that led down a long set of stairs that went farther than 11 steps. Amy counted 22 steps as she stared at very old huge wall scaffolds, giant drums and pipes stretching on endlessly along the walls. Her bladder pulsed nervously as she continued on into the unknown. The sound of hammering on pipes were louder down here. Amy turned a few corners and crossed some steel platforms over some giant waterflow pipe maims. She was getting herself lost in this maze of an old giant warehouse building. Amy felt her bladder pulse stronger. She needed to pee badly. Amy was also getting nervous.

As Amy wandered closer to the sound of the hammering sound echoing through the subterranean basement, she felt a cold air blow in her face and fluff her brown hair back. Something is not right. Amy becomes aware she's dreaming but can't wake up. Her bladder pulsed very hard and a small wet patch appeared on her pajama pants. Amy struggled to regain composure as everything happened in slow motion. She turned the corner to see what was hammering on the pipes down here and then... there was nothing. She suddenly felt hundreds of goosebumps all over her of a strange and unusual presence.

Amy had a strong desire to turn around and get out of here as waves of uncertainty swelled around her. The shadows were playing tricks on her mind. She moved back the way she came, but everything was different. Halfway down the passageway, she had to turn right instead of left as a figure made of water stopped banging on the pipes. Amy froze as it stopped to stare at her and a geyser of water lashed out on her soaking her all the way down to her feet.

Amy woke up in distress with her bed completely soaked all the way through. She pissed the bed in her sleep. She thought she wouldn't wake up at all. She was in complete disbelief that she at 22 years old would completely lose control of her bladder in her sleep, but it happened.

*001*2025-08-23 09:19

As Amy got ready for her job as a school teacher, she became acutely aware of sounds all around her, in particular, banging on pipe sounds. In her mind, she could still see the image of that water based figure. Headaches, spinning, signs that things are in motion now that cannot be undone. Her 5 foot 8 inch frame was feeling weak, nauseous and needing a good nap. Her busy work schedule offered no relief. Work 5 days a week, weekends visiting her parents at the retirement castle and long phone calls with her ex-boyfriend who can't figure out when it's over, it's really over.

Being an English teacher, she was able to steer her classes through all kinds of topics, including the history of American serial killers. As soon as she stepped into the school, she could hear hammering from a distance. Her mind is definitely drifting today and off-kilter.

*002*2025-09-07 07:42

If anyone wants to take up this story idea and complete it, go ahead. My connecting segment for context is no longer here, now I've lost interest in this story. I was planning a wetting parody of a very popular horror movie. I suppose I have to stay on 'theme' here for each published part for it to stay up since I'm still considered new here. Yes, this is now a free-for-all for whoever wants to continue this 'if you pee in a dream, you pee for real' story.


