Seduction and a twist

Author: flackus

*000*2018-11-12 01:21

Here's the first part of a story I wrote about a year ago. It's pretty long, so I'm not going to post all of it at once. Hope you enjoy.

Seduction and a Twist

Abigail Mastin perused her appearance via the immaculately shined glass of the front door. She had arrived about five minutes ago and made her way to the front door, but she had not yet rung the bell. She didn’t need to look at her watch to know she was about fifteen minutes early. She prided herself on her punctuality. She normally didn’t pride herself on her appearance, but she was pretty pleased with the image looking back at her. She was asked to dress casually for the festivities this evening. She smiled and shook her head. Festivities. Ugh. She wondered how many words the organizer of this gathering went through before settling on that one. Abigail rang the doorbell.

As she waited for the door to be answered, she gave her appearance one more inspection. Faded dark jeans, slightly distressed, comfortable, but tight enough across her backside to add some snap. She wore a long-sleeve black dress shirt, which was just silky enough to provide a little shimmer in the right light. The shirt was untucked and unbuttoned, not only for comfort, but to allow her light blue tank top to be visible beneath. Her perky breasts stood at attention (it was the end of October, and the air had turned cooler). What Abigail considered to be an acceptable amount of cleavage peaked above the neckline of the top. And shoes, well, she was never really a shoe girl. She through on the nearest pair of Under Armour running shoes, but she made sure they weren’t horribly scuffed.

The door opened, and she was escorted past the foyer into a dimly lit hallway. Candles burning in sconces that lined the walls of the hallway were the only source of light. She smiled again and turned around to ask her escort a question, but the young woman was no longer there. She rolled her eyes and turned back around.

“Nimbus,” she said, liking the way her voice echoed off the walls and down the hallway. There was no response. The man really liked to set the stage. “Oh, Niiiii-mmmm-buss,” she called playfully. She knew he was not far down the hallway, situated in a spot where the candlelight couldn’t reach. He would soon make his entrance when he felt enough tension built. Theatrical. Mysterious. A little shy of creepy, but Abigail had known Nimbus a long time. She thought it really was adorable how he found new ways to keep her guessing. Next time, his entrance would be different. She could guarantee it.

Weirdo. She smirked.

Abigail watched the tall form of Nimbus slide out of the shadows. He walked slowly towards her, but his long legs ate up the distance quickly. He wore a playful smile. His grey-blue eyes were confident, penetrating, and very . . . what was the best way to describe how he looked at Abigail . . . ?

Naughty.

Abigail felt her inside quiver as Nimbus gently cupped her face in his large hands. He gently kissed her, and, just as gently slid his tongue between her lips. What felt like an electric charge buzzed through her body. She stepped into his kiss and quickly sought out his tongue with hers. She felt Nimbus’ hands slide lovingly over her body, one hand gently massaging her backside through her jeans. The electrical charge inside her was accompanied by an unexpected trembling. Intense heat blossomed between her legs, and her body felt like she was submerged in the most soothing water she’d ever felt. She could not contain a whimper and a moan.

I could actually love this guy if he wasn’t such a weirdo, Abigail thought. Then her body bucked violently.

Abigail instantly felt her panties become sticky between her legs.

Fuck! I just came in my pants!

She felt her body spasm repeatedly as she ejaculated more in her panties.

God, I really hate this guy!

She felt her legs crumpled beneath her, and Nimbus gracefully caught her, sliding one arm behind her legs. Exhausted, Abigail snuggled into his chest. She felt herself being carried, ever so smoothly, by Nimbus. She kissed him weakly on the neck, as she was consumed by his musky after shave.

Abigail snuggled into Nimbus. He had swept her into the room he called a den, and he gently laid her down on the couch. He knelt on the floor and stroked her cheek lovingly.

Without realizing she was doing it, he left hand slid between her legs over the top of her jeans. Nimbus sensed the movement, looked down at her hand, and he chuckled (which sounded like a sexy whisper to Abigail). She felt another hand join hers between her legs.

“You made me cum in my pants, mister,” Abigail whispered.

“Did you like it?”

“No, it was horrible,” she retorted with a smile. Nimbus slid across the floor, positioning his mouth over her flat stomach. He lifted her tank top just enough to kiss her navel. She felt his hand slide further into the crotch of her jeans. Abigail opened her thighs a little wider, enjoying Nimbus’ large hand caressing hers, as they both continued exploring.

Abigail could feel another jolt building inside her. She was powerless to stop it. Nimbus sensed it building too. She felt him stop caressing her hand for less than a second and just pushed his hand into hers, causing her own hand to press firmly into the crotch of her jeans. All Abigail could do was gasp as another orgasm thronged through her body. Instantly, she felt the fabric of her jeans dampen against her hand.

“You really suck. You know that, Nimbus?” Abigail said breathlessly. She had removed her own hand from her damp crotch, but she noticed Nimbus’ hand remained.

“You sure are wet down there, lady,” she heard Nimbus chuckle smoothly.

“Abigail smiled and clamped her thighs together, trapping his hand between her legs. Nimbus slowly freed his hand and positioned himself next to Abigail on the couch. He was thankful the couches in the den was deeper, so he could recline with her. He nuzzled into Abigail’s soft neck, smelling soap and vanilla.

“You not only made me cum twice in the span of ten minutes,” Abigail whispered, “you made me explode in my pants. My panties are freakin’ soaked. I seriously thought I peed my pants. Twice.”

Nimbus slowly rose from the couch, gently sitting Abigail up with him. He smiled and addressed Abigail’s puzzled expression.

“Oh my,” he said, kissing her on the forehead. You’re really gonna love the next part of the evening, Abigail.

He asked her to wait in the den, saying he had “preparations” to make. He promised to return in no more than ten minutes. Abigail rolled her eyes as he departed.

“Oh boy,” she grumbled. Nimbus was definitely kinky, almost creepy sometimes. She had a feeling, however, that she was going to enjoy what he was preparing. She made herself comfortable back on the couch, noticing the wet spot between her legs. She couldn’t help but smile.

*001*2018-11-13 02:29

Part Two:

. . . and a twist . . .

“Hello, Ms. Mastin.”

Abigail couldn’t help but stare at the stunning woman who entered the room. Nimbus was not far behind her, smiling coily. Abigail quickly composed herself, walked across the den, and smiled as she gently shook the woman’s hand. Abigail was comfortable enough with herself to admit that the woman was sexy as hell.

If Abigail and Nimbus had been an actual couple, Abigail would have been insanely jealous. She and Nimbus were not a couple - never would be. That’s just the way it worked between them. Exclusive relationships were too complicated.

“My name is Susan,” the woman said, smiling pleasantly. Susan’s nose crinkled a little between her eyes. “If it’s okay with you, I’d prefer to not provide my last name.”

There was no edge to Susan’s voice, so Abigail didn’t feel as if Susan were being rude in her reluctance to share her last name. Susan obviously knew Abigail’s last name, but she probably would never know theirs. Again, Abigail thought, more complications averted. Abigail simply nodded courteously.

Susan couldn’t have been much older than Abigail, and she was also thin and seemed to have the body of a swimmer - lithe, firm, and graceful. She wore a tapered pair of lightly colored dress pants. They were snug, but not tight, hugging her gently curving hips nicely.

I bet her ass looks amazing in those pants, Abigail thought, feeling a slight tingle between her legs.

As if reading Abigail’s thoughts, Susan turned slightly to motion Nimbus to join them.

Yup. The woman has an amazing ass, Abigail thought, smiling.

Susan and Nimbus stepped toward Abigail. Susan’s perfume was intoxicating. Not overpowering, but for Abigail to get lost in her scent. The tingle between Abigail’s legs grew.

Susan stopped directly in front of Abigail, smiling. Nimbus stood beside Susan, still wearing a devilish expression. Susan offered her hand to Abigail, and Abigail immediately took it. Nimbus joined in, holding both woman’s hand, creating a circle in the middle of the den. Despite the subdued lighting, Abigail could see that Susan had the most gorgeous emerald green eyes. While Nimbus had the most soothing, but smoldering, almond eyes, Susan’s green eyes radiated sensual energy. Abigail felt the pressure of their hands increase gently, and the circle closed tighter.

“Abigail,” Susan spoke softly, “I’m sure you are fully aware of Nimbus’ . . . well . . . interesting sexual appetites.”

“Indeed,” Abigail responded, giving Nimbus a playful glance. Nimbus simply winked.

“And I know you have engaged in passionate scenarios with him involving the presence of another woman,” Susan said, giving Abigail’s hand a little squeeze. Abigail returned the gesture to indicate her agreement.

“Nimbus has also told me th4ere are some fetishes you are more than comfortable engaging in?” The smile on Susan’s when she asked this was mischievious. The tone in which the question was spoken, along with the naughty arching of Susan’s brow, indicated that Susan seemed to be aware of these fetishes as well.

“Yes,” Abigail answered, feeling moist between her legs.

“Fantastic,” Susan said energetically.

All three now understood what would happen next, so Nimbus broke the circle and gently set the two lovely ladies to dancing slowly together in the middle of the room. Abigail noticed a large mirror had been placed in the room with them. She had no idea how it got there, and, at the moment, she didn’t care.

As Abigail and Susan slowly turned gracefully, each woman took time to admire the other’s body. It was no so much a dance as it was an intimate hug while slowly turning together in a circle. Abigail pulled apart from Susan enough to slide her tongue between Susan’s warm lips.

Susan felt her panties dampening in anticipation. Abigail panties were definitely wetter than they were minutes ago after her second explosion on the couch with Nimbus, but she willed herself to hold on a little longer.

As if anticipating Abigail’s need for release, Susan whispered warmly in Abigail’s ear.”

“Can I go first?”

Abigail could not stop a moan from escaping her throat.

“Absolutely,” Abigail replied, breathlessly.

The two beautiful women positioned themselves in front of the large mirror and the couch. Nimbus was planted precariously on the edge of the couch, watching them intently.

“This shouldn’t take long,” Susan said. “I’ve been preparing all day for this.”

Abigail and Susan stopped their dance and pulled apart just enough for them to be able to look at one another. Abigail’s insides felt molten, and between her legs there was a pulsing anticipation.

Abigail was not kept waiting long.

Susan pressed in a little closer, but not so much that they couldn’t still look into each other’s eyes. Both felt the other’s firm breasts press together, and the two began to erotically grind their tingling crotches together. Abigail felt Susan’s body tense for a moment, and Susan’s countenance seemed to be one of intense concentration. Susan scrunched her eyelids together, smiling wickedly as she did so. After a few seconds, Susan opened her eyes. Abigail felt Susan’s abdomen convulse repeatedly, and Abigail was treated to a loud gurgling in Susan’s tummy. Susan ground her crotch deeper against Abigail’s. Both woman moaned at the contact.

From beneath Susan’s snug dress pants, air forced its way out, followed closely by wert and bubbling sounds. Abigail felt the release in Susan’s body as a soft warm mess slathered into her panties. Seconds later, more of the mess bubbled and slid into Susan’s pants.

“Oh, my . . . “ Susan said, “Mmmmmm . . . goodness.” A few grunts escaped her lips.

Susan quickly guided on of Abigail’s hands to the seat of her dress pants. Abigail immediately was treated to clamping Susan’s firm backside. When Abigail felt the slight bulge and warm mess beneath Susan’s pants, Abigail ground into Susan violently. Abigail kissed Susan deeply, and she felt Susan’s abdomen quiver again. Abigail patted Susan ass lovelingly as Susan continued to poop in her pants with pleasure.

Susan continued to unleash wave after wave of poop. Abigail glanced at the reflection of Susan’s snug pants, and there was a huge dark stain across the seat of the woman’s pants.

Susan had pooped in her pants for one minute and twenty-two seconds.

. . . but who was counting?

Susan, now breathless, guided Abigail so they could a spin around to give Nimbus a better view of Susan’s mess. Abigail wasn’t looking at Nimbus, but she heard him groan loudly. Both women smiled at one another, knowing exactly what that signified. Still pressed tightly against Susan (and enjoying every second of it), Abigail became aware of an intense warmth saturating the front of her jeans. Abigail knew she really needed to pee, and, for a moment, she thought she had lost control of her bladder. She fought the urge to separate from Susan enough to investigate, but the faraway look in Susan’s eyes was all the evidence she needed.

Abigail’s body jolted a little, and she felt her panties dampen more. She pressed even closer to Susan, relishing the feeling of Susan’s pee against her legs. Moments later, the faraway look on Susan’s face retreated, and Susan smiled.

“Ahhhh . . . what a rel-”

Susan couldn’t finish her statement, because Abigail’s warm tongue slid between the woman’s lips. Susan was surprised, but was not surprised how she loved the feeling of Abigail’s undulating tongue dance in her mouth. What really caught Susan by surprise was the volcanic orgasm she experienced as a direct result. As Susan’s body quivered, Susan ejaculated repeatedly in her already wet and soiled panties. The release was so intense that Abigail broke their passionate kiss so she could focus of preventing Susan from collapsing. Nimbus discovered enough physical strength to assist Abigail in guiding Susan to the couch. Even the slight discomfort of the tremendous load in her pants squishing all over her backside couldn’t stop her body from cumming more and more into her pants.

“What the . . . why’m . . . what’s wrong with me?” Susan muttered.

Suddenly, as if her body was granting her mercy, Susan’s intense, almost frightening, orgasm was over. She sat back in the comfortable leather couch, and her vision began to clear.

Susan looked from Abigail to Nimbus, both of who wore looks of concern. However, as she looked at their faces closer, she saw looks of simmering erotic excitement beneath.

“Did you two do something to me?” Susan asked, having had to rehearse the question in her mind a few times before allowing it to leave her mouth. After what she’d just experienced, she wasn’t sure what she could trust herself doing.

“I mean, I haven’t cum so much in my life,” she said, feeling more and more relaxed as she spoke.

Susan watched Nimbus tried to hide a devilish smile and begin to turn away. Abigail stopped his retreat and held him in place in front of Susan.

“Yes, Nimbus dear,” Abigail said sternly, squeezing his shoulders for effect. “It seems I encountered a similar . . . reaction . . . earlier. Pretty sure that wasn’t just a coincidence.”

Susan felt her stomach tighten momentarily, but she relaxed significantly when Abigail’s eyes met hers. Abigail was smiling behind Nimbus, and she gave Susan a playful wink. Nimbus attempted to be obstinate for a few moments, but his resolve crumbled away.

Third and final part to follow . . .

*003*2018-11-14 03:02

Here is the conclusion to this tale. I hope you've enjoyed it. Working on some new stuff. Might be a longer wait, though. I lost some of my favorite stories from another notebook, so I'm going to have to start from scratch. Without further ado . . .

“Okay,” Nimbus said, turning just enough to wrap his arm around Abigail’s waist to guide her to his side. Susan thought for sure Abigail would resist, but she proved to be a very good sport. Abigail did, however, offering Nimbus a confused and slightly hostile glance. Nimbus offered his free hand to Susan, urging her stand with them. Reluctant at first, Susan relented and joined them. “My apologies, my beautiful ladies,” Nimbus continued, positioning Abigail and Susan in front of him. “Or ‘beautiful princesses’ to be more accurate . . .”

Abigail and Susan looked at each other and rolled their eyes simultaneously. When they looked back at Nimbus, he was holding a small square piece of paper in the palm of his right hand. The paper was a little smaller than a postage stamp, and was almost translucent. If not for the light provided by a nearby lamp, they might not have been able to see it. Nimbus did not extend his hand toward them, and the girls did not advance to investigate further. Nimbus was greeted by raised eyebrows from his two “beautiful princesses.”

“Transdermal tab,” Nimbus explained. “Place it on the tongue. It dissolves instantly, but the active agent remains viable for up to one hour.” He put the small item back in his pocket. “Don’t worry. It’s not toxic. It does, however, boost specific parts of the female . . . um . . . well the erotic and pleasure centers of the brain. The chemical contained within can be passed from one person to the next. By a kiss, for example. The next person can also pass the chemical residue to another by similar contact.”

Abigail and Susan looked at one another, trying to process Nimbus’ presentation. Nimbus remained politely aloof as usual. After a few moments, Abigail sighed loudly, which sounded like a gust of wind in the quiet room.

“Nimbus, Nimbus, Nimbus,” Abigail said. “You should know by now that you don’t have to resort to deception to keep me coming back.”

“Same here, mister,” Susan added, moving toward Nimbus. She snuggled into him. They looked at Abigail, who still appeared reticent. Nimbus cautiously extended his hand to her.

“My deepest apologies, Ms. Abigail,” Nimbus said theatrically. “I will not be so devious again.”

Abigail’s face softened, and she took a step forward. Susan immediately saw the crotch of Abigail’s jeans darken, and thin tributaries drifted down her inner thighs. Susan felt that familiar tingle. Abigail slowed her advance and gave Nimbus a menacing squint, but the corner of her mouth twitched into a smile. Wetness exploded across the front of her jeans. Abigail continued slowly forward, making a slow turn to show the back of her jeans. Susan felt her panties grow warmer and moist again. The back of Abigail’s jeans glistened as she continued to let go. The wetness crept up to the middle of Abigail’s butt. Abigail turned back to face them. The legs of her jeans were saturated all the way down to her sneakers, but Abigail continued letting it go.

Abigail reached Susan and Nimbus, and they enveloped her a group hug. All was well. Eventually, the three separated, and Abigail and Susan took in the mess they’d made of themselves.

“Well, Nimbus, honey,” Abigail said, as she looked down at her jeans. “I think the ‘transdermal tab made me pee my pants.” She gave Nimbus a pouty face. Susan laughed.

“I’m sorry, sweet princess,” replied Nimbus, “but that accident is all your doing.”

Abigail went from pouty face to embarrassed school girl, swaying slightly in her wet jeans.

“Speaking of accidents . . . will there be any more from you this evening?” Nimbus asked casually.

Susan smiled, shifting slightly in order to feel the mess in her pants. Abigail stopped swaying and just smiled at Nimbus.

“I’m sorry, Nimbus dear,” she said, smiling playfully. “I just don’t have that in me this evening.”

Nimbus was crestfallen, so Susan chimed in.

“Um . . . As much as I thoroughly enjoy the initial feeling of . . . well . . . having an accident in ny pants, I’m not digging standing around like this.” She looked down at her own pants. “I mean, you can only feel sexy so long after you’ve peed and pooped your pants.”

All three enjoyed a laugh, and the girls went to go get cleaned up. As they cleaned up, each of them was treated to equal levels of pleasure. There was no more use of Nimbus’ transdermal tab . . . At least not for the remainder of the evening.

Abigail reflected on her evening with Nimbus and Susan as she pulled her car into her garage. Truthfully, she was pissed at what Nimbus had pulled. However, no one got hurt. It wasn’t the first time Nimbus got creepy and weird, and it certainly wouldn’t be the last. At the conclusion of the evening, after getting cleaned up, Abigail had thrown on a comfortable sweatshirt and the fresh pair of jeans she’d brought with her. These jeans were tighter than the ones she’d peed in. Those wet jeans would be laundered by Nimbus and sent back to her.

As Abigail set her keys down on her kitchen counter, she wondered how Susan’s poor pants would fair. Abigail knew from experience that having a minor poop accident in your pants could potentially ruin said pants. Susan, however, erupted in her pants. She must have loaded up on Nimbus’ “special supplements.” To that end, the good news (hopefully) for Susan’s light-colored pants is that Nimbus’ supplements removed the foul odor of excrement. Again, Nimbus’ particular tastes. The supplements also promoted regularity. So, as far as Abigail was concerned, it was a win win.

She shook her head and smiled. She really enjoyed her evening with Susan. Nimbus was always fun, but it was always nice to have more people at the party. Abigail really hoped Susan would be there next week.

As Abigail walked into her bedroom and turned on the lights, she realized she did feel bad for holding back something from Susan . . .

Abigail looked at her reflection in the mirror, then she turned to take in her profile. Her butt looked pretty good in these jeans. She closed her eyes for a moment, took a deep breath, and gave a slight push. Thanks to the supplements, that small push was all that was needed.

Her whole body twitched and quivered as massive waves of mess crackled and spread into her pants. It just kept coming, and Abigail just smiled. It warmed her backside as it crept up to the waistband of her panties. She had had some wine before she left Nimbus’ house, as well as some water. She was bursting for a pee, so, for the second time this evening, Abigail relaxed even more and peed in her jeans as well.

As she gave one last push and expanded the load in her jeans, she whispered . . . .

“Thanks, Nimbus.”

