Drinking with Chantelle

Author: fullbladder

*000*2019-11-17 02:59

Jasmine chewed her lip to quell her thoughts. She didn’t hate Chantelle- in fact, she often appreciated having her around during their drunken ventures. Jasmine couldn’t count the number of times that Chantelle had managed to attract cute boys to their table with her loud, outrageous antics. But sometimes, she just went too far.

Tonight was one of those nights. Nicky hadn’t been able to make it because of work, so Chantelle had tagged along with Jasmine, Dar, and Zoe. Chantelle had immediately ordered tequila shots for the table, then five more for herself in an attempt to get buzzed as quickly as possible. After merely twenty minutes, she had wandered over to a table of older men. They were happy to buy her drinks as she continued to flirt with them and offer glances at her matching red bra and panties.

Despite being engaged in conversation with her friends, Jasmine kept a close eye on Chantelle at the other end of the bar. It was a matter of time before she was kicked out, then they would have a few moments to pay the tab and get her home. Once they had taken a moment too long following her out of the busy bar and she had wandered away. They had finally found her two hours later in front of a 7-11 with a visibly excited teenaged boy and a bundle of snacks.

Chantelle was getting drunk dangerously quickly as the men generously served her, hoping that they would soon be treated to a flash of her 38D breasts. Surprisingly, the waiters had completely missed her drunk show so far. She had long passed the point of quick flashes and was now routinely pulling up her shirt and skirt for extended periods of time to tease the men. Strategically, the men had offered her a seat against the wall, where the booth mostly hid her from view of anyone passing by. The burly fellow next to her had a giant tent in his jeans which she frequently reached over to rub.

Chantelle was also growing visibly desperate as she consumed drink after drink. She wriggled in her seat constantly, with her skirt hiked up and legs crossed. Not wanting to leave the company of the nice men, she was clutching her crotch with increasing frequency as the minutes ticked by. She had been drinking heavily for over an hour and her bladder was making its needs known.

Watching her, Jasmine was feeling a mild need herself. She was only on her third drink, but she hadn’t peed since lunch time. Her afternoon coffee and water intake had flowed down to her bladder and the alcohol wasn’t helping matters. She wondered if Zoe needed a pee break and would go with her. Dar hated using public toilets so she could stay behind to keep an eye on Chantelle.

Finally, Chantelle could wait no longer. She loudly announced her need and urged the man next to her to step out from the booth. However, he was still very erect and was in no mood to reveal his predicament to the world. Finally, after a minute of pleading, Chantelle drunkenly climbed on his lap. The act made her leak into her G-string panties and she quickly grabbed her crotch. The three men at the table laughed as she momentarily sat down on the man’s lap, struggling to maintain control. The sensation of her plump ass rubbing against his throbbing penis was overwhelming and he instinctively grabbed her, preventing the desperate college student from proceeding to the ladies room.

As she struggled to escape, the inadvertent grinding brought him to the verge of climax. He hugged her waist firmly with his right arm while lowering his left hand into her crotch. Enjoying the warm wetness on his fingers, he gently stroked her clit through the silk lingerie cloth. It was too much- the pressure of the man’s muscular arm on her bursting bladder, the orgasmic tingling from her womanhood, and the undeniable urge to void her waters. Chantelle gasped as her vulva pulsed and a hot waterfall flowed from the fully exposed crotch of her red panties. She stared helplessly as the fabric rapidly darkened and her pee flowed through the man’s hand down to his crotch.

It took a long moment for the man to realize what was happening. He had stopped rubbing Chantelle’s pussy as he ejaculated in his jeans. The faded denim cloth was flooded down to his feet before he realized that she was peeing on him. Roughly, he pushed her off his lap and out of the booth as he swore loudly. The entire bar immediately turned to observe a stunned Chantelle on the floor wetting herself uncontrollably. A giant light yellow puddle grew around her as she covered her face in shame, her bladder forcefully emptying itself into her clothes.

Jasmine sprang into action. She threw cash onto the table, instructing her friends to leave enough money to cover Chantelle and a sizeable tip. Zoe and Dar hurriedly gathered their belongings as Jasmine rushed to get to Chantelle before someone else did. She had been ready for this with both Chantelle’s and her own belongings in hand. It was next to impossible to get her highly intoxicated friend off the floor with full hands, but Jasmine somehow did it. The girls rushed out of the bar surrounded by laughter from the patrons and angry protests from the staff.

As Zoe scrambled to the car, the fullness of her own bladder entered her thoughts. She had been about to excuse herself before Chantelle’s ruckus had started. Could she make it home without peeing her skinny jeans?

*006*2020-01-27 18:21

Zoe's legs scissored involuntarily as tried to keep an eye on her highly intoxicated friend in the back seat. The strong aroma of her pee wasn't helping matters. Zoe hated having a small bladder. Despite making sure she always peed right before they went out, she was usually the first to need the ladies room. She was sure everyone noticed it was always her asking for a road stop and this insecurity pushed her to hold off announcing her need until the last minute. This had resulted in her just barely making it to the toilet in time after unexpectedly long waits in queues. It was the same thought every time, as she dabbed toilet paper on wet crotch of her panties- she would never risk wetting herself again, no matter what. But, she always felt the same hesitation the next time- it was just so embarrassing to visit the ladies only twenty minutes after getting to a club!

In a way, Zoe felt slightly jealous of Chantelle, now passed out beside her. She had pissed herself in public but was comfortable with an empty bladder. In some ways, that beat anxiously gripping your pussy trying not to soak the back seat on the drive home. Zoe gasped as Jasmine drove over a bump in the road, just barely preventing a leak into her pink bikini-cut cotton panties. Dar took notice and turned around to see her friend desperately clutching her crotch. Zoe blushed, but dared not release her iron grip. Even with her fingers helping, it felt like she would begin wetting her pants any second now.

"Is everything okay back there?" Dar questioned in concern for her drunk friends.

Zoe was too distraught to reply- her teeth were biting down hard on her lower lip and she struggled to maintain control of her bladder. This drive was simply taking TOO long in Friday traffic!

"What's going on?" Jasmine asked, as she braked the car to a stop at a traffic light.

"Zoe looks like she really needs to pee and Chantelle is passed out. Maybe we should pull over at a gas station."

"Gosh, I really need to go too, but we are only a couple minutes from our dorm. It won't really be quicker having to ask for the key then finding the bathroom. Plus, it might be really dirty or occupied."

"Yeah, I guess you're right. I hate public toilets and I have to pee too."

Jasmine's need had quickly grown to an urgent emergency. She absentmindedly pushed her thighs together under her tight black dress. The added pressure on her womanhood helped a bit. However, she had inadvertently lifted her foot off the brake and the car was drifting forward into the intersection. Fortunately, there were no cars crossing but a cop car behind them had its siren and lights on.

"Oh FUCK!" Jasmine swore as she realized what had happened. The light had turned green, so she moved forward and pulled to the side of the road. The policeman took his time getting out of his car. Zoe couldn't even follow his questioning as she continued to fight her bladder's natural urges to void itself into her jeans. She saw him glance into the back of the car a couple of times and she felt herself burn red with humiliation. It was one thing for her close friends to see her in this state, another for it to be a tall, handsome police officer.

Zoe moaned softly as Jasmine was asked to step out of the car. She was SO close to having an accident. Her heart raced as her bladder pulsed over and over, DEMANDING immediate relief. Jasmine had just completed her breathalyzer test and was now being asked to walk in a straight line. This was a huge chore in her desperate state. Zoe watched helplessly as her friend carefully placed one foot in front of the other, her left hand in a tight fist and the right pressing on the groin region of her dress.

Zoe felt herself leak. Crying quietly, she shifted in her seat attempting to regain control. She barely stemmed the flow as Dar looked back at her again. Zoe was beyond the point of caring what she looked like. All that mattered now was holding in her pee... somehow. Outside, the policeman was now talking to Jasmine who was desperately dancing on the spot, eager to continue her challenging journey home. Zoe leaked again and she knew there was no stopping her bladder this time.

As the officer was dismissing her friend with a warning for being close to the legal limit, Zoe pushed her door open and stepped out on the asphalt with rapidly darkening jeans. She just managed to avoid soiling the car seat as her pee splashed onto the brightly-lit street beneath. Zoe sighed with intense relief as she squatted just outside of the vehicle, with one hand on the car seat and one on the open door. Cars drove past slowly, undoubtedly closely observing the attractive young lady wetting herself in clear view of a police vehicle.

Zoe finally finished peeing as the policeman returned to his car. Thinking quickly, Jasmine pulled off Zoe's T-shirt revealing her pink bra and placed it on the car seat. Ignoring her protests, she shoved her friend into the car then hobbled back to the driver seat. Her favorite dress was in real danger of being ruined if she didn't hurry home.

