The City Without a Ladies Room

Author: FullBladder85 

*000*2018-12-09 20:21

Hey, it's been a while since I've posted a story. I've been toying around with the concept behind this story for a while, but couldn't figure out how to make it work until a week and a half ago, when the words just really started to flow from my brain onto the keyboard. A week ago I even announced in a status update that I was going to get this story done and posted by the end of today (along with a little preview you might have already read), and for once I finally met my deadline. 

===== 

The City Without a Ladies Room

It's hard to focus on work, or much of anything else when you really have to pee. I didn't need to pee, I had used the men's room only an hour ago. But I was still quite distracted because of my co-worker Erin, because I knew she really had to pee quite badly. Erin had come in shortly before 8 AM, sipping on a large Starbuck's coffee. She had finished draining it within an hour and helped herself to several refills with office coffee throughout the day.

I know what you're thinking, Erin could just take a quick break to visit the ladies room when she inevitably needed to pee after all that coffee. I would have thought the same thing, until I moved here recently to take this job. I had spent the first day traveling the city shopping for stuff for my apartment. I was always able to find a men's room in department stores, restaurants, and the malls. There were even plenty of urinals out in public places, often without much of any privacy screens, which plenty of men freely used. But throughout the entire day I never saw a single ladies room. 

I began to realize as the day went by that many of the women I saw looked rather uncomfortable, especially the women working the stores I visited. Many of the women I saw kept shifting their legs around anxiously, a few were even openly holding themselves. It seemed that all the women I saw needed to pee, some of them quite badly by mid-afternoon. I soon realized they had been holding it all day since they had left home. But there was nowhere for the women to go, so they all just held it without complaint as they continued to work or shop, as if this was an ordinary thing. Women in this city were expected to hold it until they got home where they could finally use their own toilet.

Back to the present, Erin's love for her Starbuck's coffee was only making the lack of a ladies room even more of a problem for her bladder situation as the day went on. To my surprise Erin was fine throughout the morning despite draining several large cups of coffee. I guess when you can't pee in public and you love your coffee you build up a larger bladder overtime. But by the early afternoon Erin finally began to get fidgety and shift her legs around as she worked at her desk, but that didn't stop her from grabbing yet another coffee soon after coming back from lunch.

By 3 PM Erin was openly crossing her legs as we worked together on a project. She clearly needed to pee, probably quite badly by now, yet she was just starting on her 5th cup of coffee by my count. I had been silent on the subject all day, but given how bad her bladder situation appeared to be getting, and how we still had another 2 hours of work left, I had to say something.

"Erin, is that coffee really a good idea considering how much you've already had today?" I asked her.

"Truthfully, it's probably not Jeff. I've already gotta piss pretty bad when I get home, I haven't gone in 8 hours already" she admitted sheepishly as she took another sip of coffee, all while continuing to squirm around anxiously in her seat.

"Then maybe you shouldn't drink the rest of that cup of coffee, otherwise it'll make you need to pee even worse" I suggested sensibly. "I mean what is it, your 5th one today Erin? You must be dying to pee already, and we've still got 2 more hours left until quitting time!".

"I know, but I'm addicted Jeff, I've gotta have my coffee. Surely you understand, you've had nearly as much coffee as me Jeff " she pointed out, with an eye on my own coffee cup.

"Yes, but I've already had to use the office men's room 3 times today because of drinking all that coffee Erin. You haven't been able to go even once, and you've had more coffee then me already due to that large Starbuck's coffee you picked up on the way to work!" I pointed out. I left it unsaid how badly I had needed to pee before visiting the men’s room each time, I'm sure it's the last thing Erin would have wanted to hear while dealing with such a full bladder.

"Oh, don't worry about me Jeff, I can handle a little more coffee" Erin insisted without concern. Her coffee cup was anything but 'little' like she insisted. "I know I said I really had to pee bad when I got home, but I can hold it till then Jeff. This is hardly the first time I've risked having one too many cups of coffee out in public, I'm used to dealing with the consequences of my caffeine addiction Jeff. Now let's get back to work, shall we?".

I tried to focus on work with Erin like she asked, but it was extremely difficult to. Erin was already quite the eye candy to look at with her beautiful long dark hair, her slender body, and her warm smile. Not to mention she was about my age, mid-20's. How could I possibly focus on work when a girl like that was sitting next to me bursting for a pee, and squirming around in her seat in the sexiest way? How could I focus on work when I knew that Erin still had to hold on for several more hours, because there were no lady's rooms in the city? How could I focus on work when Erin insisted on continuing to drink more coffee anyway despite her obviously desperate need to pee? Bad as the situation was for Erin, the thought that she might not be able to make it excited me. Let's just say I was very glad that my crotch was hidden from Erin's view at that moment.

By 4:30 PM, with 9 and a half hours separating her from her last trip to her toilet at home, and her 5th cup of coffee fully drained, Erin couldn't sit still anymore. She rocked back and forth at the edge of her seat, trying to jam her heel against her pee hole as she tried to focus on her work. A quick look around the office told me that Erin was hardly alone in her struggle. Even the women who had tried to avoid drinking too much throughout the day had built up a large supply of piss in their bladder by now. The women were all clearly eager to rid themselves of their brewing load of boiling piss when they got home, some more then others, as seen by all their uncomfortable squirming. But none of them had drank as much coffee as Erin had, so she probably needed a piss the worst of all.

"Ok, maybe that last cup of coffee was a mistake Jeff" Erin finally admitted as she held herself. "I know you're thinking it Jeff, don't deny it" she added.

"I was debating telling you 'I told you so', but now I don't have to" I admitted. "I know you really love your coffee Erin, but you had to know you'd be feeling it later like this when you drank so much. Why do you do it to yourself when you know you won't be able to pee for a number of hours?".

"Because I refuse to let the availability of a toilet dictate my life Jeff" Erin answered stubbornly as she continued to squirm around anxiously in her seat. “And besides, if I didn’t need to piss bad by now towards the end of my shift, I’d be severely dehydrated Jeff. So, it’s better for me to drink a bunch of coffee like you guys, even if I can’t pee for a long while. My bladder will just have to deal with it and wait till I’m home”. 

"Have you ever had to find a secluded alley to take a leak because you had too much coffee and waited too long?" I asked curiously. 

"No! That's gross and illegal Jeff!" she answered with disgust. "And no, I wouldn't consider doing such a disgusting thing even if it were legal, I’d still hold it!" she added, with her legs now tightly crossed. "You guys may be able to drink your coffee and pee whenever you want, but not me, us ladies just have to hold it Jeff". 

I'm sure the last half hour of work stretched out the slowest for Erin. By now I felt myself needing to pee yet again from my last coffee, and it was quickly becoming more urgent. I knew I should just get up and use the men's room, especially before I left the office. But I didn't want to miss a second of Erin's desperate struggle, so I held it with her without saying anything about my need. 

When the clock finally hit 5 PM Erin was too busy typing up an email to notice the time, and I selfishly kept silent about it. I wondered how much longer Erin would keep working and delay her trip home for a much-needed piss if I said nothing. Erin was my next-door neighbor at the apartment I had recently moved into, so we both took the same bus to and from work. I knew we didn't need to rush out of the office right away at 5 PM to catch the first bus home, but we couldn't waste too much time before leaving either. It took 10 minutes before Erin finally realized what time it was, I was almost glad when she finally did, as I really needed to pee by that point. 

"Jeff look at the time! We need get moving, otherwise we'll miss the first bus home" Erin announced anxiously as she moved to shut her computer down. I quickly followed suit. "I'm glad the workday is finally over Jeff. I really want to get home so that I can pee for the first time in 10 hours" she added happily as she fidgeted her legs around.

"Now that you mention it, I've definitely got to pee before we leave Erin. I wish the men's room wasn't in the opposite direction of the elevator" I told her. I wasn't trying to purposely delay Erin farther, I was seriously doubting that I could hold it till I got back home if I tried. I was about ready to grab my cock through my pants in desperation. Still, I couldn't help but feel insensitive telling Erin I needed to stop and take piss before we left, knowing that Erin needed to pee much worse and had been holding it for much longer. 

Erin gave me an annoyed look. "We don't have time for you to run across the building for a piss Jeff, we'll miss the first bus for sure if you do. Just use the public urinals in the lobby area" Erin suggested in a matter-of-fact tone as she beckoned me to follow her to the elevator. She was referring to several urinals by the front door of the office building with practically no privacy except for your turned back. While I didn't have anything against using a urinal with basically no privacy, the thought of using it in front of Erin and the other women who hadn't been allowed to pee all day by the city sounded downright cruel to the girls. 

"I think it would be better for both of us if I just ran to the men's room and caught up with you at the bus stop" I suggested as we waited for the elevator. Rather than accept my suggestion and leave it at that, Erin refused to drop the subject. 

"What's wrong with just using the urinals in the lobby area Jeff? You aren't pee shy, are you?" she asked me frankly as she crossed her legs and squirmed around anxiously. Did Erin somehow not mind seeing other guys piss away in the urinals next to her, even when she badly needed relief herself? 

"No Erin. I just don't want to be the jerk who pees right in front of a bunch of desperate women like you who haven’t been able to pee all day" I explained as we entered the elevator. I thought my answer should have been obvious to Erin already. To my surprise, rather than be grateful, I saw a flash of annoyance on Erin's face.

"I figured you must have felt that way when you didn't want to use the urinals Jeff. A lot of the guys who are new to the city feel pee shy like that around the public urinals at first" Erin said sympathetically, as she openly held herself and continued to squirm around anxiously. "Jeff, do you really think me, and the other women haven't seen guys using the public urinals countless times when we already really need to pee?" she asked me gently.

"Well... I admit I'm so new to this city that I never thought of that. I guess with how prevalent the public urinals are it's silly to think you haven't" I admitted. Erin nodded in acknowledgement as she crossed her legs. "But that doesn’t mean that it’s not being really unfair to you ladies" I added, to which Erin rolled her eyes.

"It's an everyday occurrence Jeff. I won't mind if you pee in the lobby area urinals in front of me, neither will the other office women. We see it all the time Jeff, it's nothing new" she reassured me. "Besides, the urinals are met for you guys to use Jeff. It wouldn't be fair to you for me and the ladies to tell you to just not to use them".

Silence stretched between us as I tried to wrap my head around Erin's reassurance and gentle encouragement, all while my bladder continued to bother me. Part of me thought that Erin's attitude on the subject made some sense given how long she'd lived in the city. But the other part of me couldn't get over the fact that a woman who hadn't peed in over 10 hours and had 5 large cups of coffee during that time (enough to make me piss myself twice) was trying to encourage me to pee in a urinal in front of her. 

I was anxious and still had to piss like a racehorse when we got to the ground floor, but Erin no doubt needed to piss much worse then me. I glanced over at Erin again, she was holding so much boiling piss back that she had a noticeable bladder bulge, which her pants were painfully digging into. Erin continued to fidget around anxiously and subtly grab her crotch as she stepped off the elevator. "Erin, are you sure you want me to pee in the urinals instead of dashing to the men's room?" I asked her.

"Yes! Just go pee in the urinal already Jeff! I won't look" she promised impatiently as she shook her legs around. "Just try and hurry it up so that we make the first bus ok. You aren't the only one who really needs to piss Jeff!". In that moment Erin's insistence on me peeing in the urinal suddenly made a lot more sense. She was impatient to get home, and release her heavy load of boiling piss, that had been troubling her bladder for hours now. She was so eager to rid herself of the boiling piss that she was willing to listen to me pee in a urinal right next to her if it got her home to her toilet quicker.

I hurried to one of the urinals and began unzipping my pants to take my cock out. Despite her bladder's much greater need then mine, I saw Erin standing just a few feet off to the side rather than waiting for me outside. She waited with politely averted eyes as I began to pee in the urinal practically right next to her. Her legs were already tightly crossed before my noisy piss reached her ears. She began to rock back and forth a bit as she anxiously bit her lower lips upon hearing me start to piss. 

Erin wasn't the only person around of course. In my peripheral vision I recognized Danielle from HR coming around the corner. She already looked rather uncomfortable after holding it for the entire workday. Her steps were as hurried as possible in high heels, and she had a noticeable bladder bulge stretching her skirt. When she realized I was pissing in one of the urinals I saw her grimace and openly hold herself. But like Erin had promised she said nothing, instead she hobbled her way past me and left through the front door. 

Part of me couldn't help but be turned on by how Erin & Danielle suffered in silence as I continued to piss away. My cock began to harden, which slowed my piss down considerably. My piss and my partial erection were basically taunting Erin's poor swollen bladder. I felt guilty when I saw a bit of false hope in Erin's eyes that my slowing piss met that I was nearly done, only for the hope to vanish when I managed to resume pissing with full force again. 

I felt guilty all over again. How could I expect Erin to be fine with waiting patiently for me as I finished my relieving piss, all while she was expected to wait and remain in dire of need of relief for herself? And yet Erin was the one who didn't see a problem with this unfair situation! She had insisted repeatedly that I piss in the urinals in front of her! I wondered again why she didn't just wait right outside for me where she wouldn't have to listen to me piss right next to her.

At times like this it disturbed me how much Erin and the other women of the city unquestionably obeyed the city's expectation that they hold it without complaint for however long they're away from home. Erin had been desperate to pee all afternoon, and I hadn't heard one complaint from her about how unfair it was that I got to pee while she had to hold it for much of her day. Any doubt I might have had when Erin denied ever peeing in a secluded alley when her bladder situation became too much for her to handle vanished. If she wanted to do so in secret to rid herself of what must have been a gallon of boiling piss brewing in her bladder by now without me around to witness it she could have easily been doing that right now.

When I finally finished my relieving piss after a long minute I flushed. Erin visibly flinched at the sound as she squirmed around and clawed at her crotch anxiously. I hurried to zip my pants back up as I turned to face Erin. 

"Feel better now Jeff?" she asked with surprising calm despite her desperate fidgeting. "You sounded like you really needed it, I didn't think you'd go on for so long".

"Yes, but you could have just waited for me outside Erin" I pointed out.

"I could. But I figured it's better to help you get over your pee shyness now rather than later Jeff. You'll thank me later, it'll be a lot more convenient for you to be able to use any of the public urinals" she said in a matter-of-fact tone. "Now let's get moving Jeff, I seriously need to get home so that I can pee, I definitely had way too much coffee today".

===== 

That's it for now, let me know what you think. I intend to write more in this series. I'm uncertain if I'll stick to focusing on Erin, or focus on other characters to explore how a city without a ladies room effects other people in other occupations. 

*009*2018-12-10 04:54

Wow, thanks guys, I've never gotten so many replies so quickly to a story before. 

{{6 hours ago, Blurple said: 

I really liked it. Definitely would like to see something from the perspective of one of the women. Maybe using an alley or sneaking into a mens room. 

}}

I've definitely had the idea of a lady peeing in one of those places, I'm sure I'll find an opportunity for it later in the story. 

{{6 hours ago, huberp76 said: 

No wee for girls all Day that would be great! 

}}

That's why I write stories like this, glad you liked it. 

{{3 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said: 

Would be terrible if a city were like that in real life but does make for a great fantasy. (I have actually considered writing about a city that has no public bathrooms at all, male or female, and is full of desperation and wettings, but I couldn't really think of how to make it into a story and I'm not in a story-writing mood right now, nor have been for a while) 

}}

Agreed, a lot of my fantasy's about this fetish are great to fantasize about, but not things I'd want to put anyone through in real life. 

That said, the way you describe your struggle pretty much mirrors mine. I really wanted to write about a dystopia of some sort that keeps all the women desperate to pee, but I struggled at introducing the concept without a giant wall of pages of text before any action occurs. My way around it was to focus on just one person living under the dystopian rules as an accepted way of life, with the narrator an outsider to the dystopian system to introduce the readers to it. 

{{7 hours ago, JMatthews1995 said: 

Enjoyable so far Keep it up 

}}

{{1 hour ago, Dtravis said: 

I like this story and creative idea. I would like to see how it goes. 

}}

{{50 minutes ago, lsn1 said: 

Excellent story. The concept is original, creative, and sexy. I can't wait to read more 

}}

Thanks a lot, glad you all liked it. 

*013*2018-12-11 00:53

{{19 hours ago, bibibibi said: 

I found a similar story here

Could you make her use the urinal? preferably standing facing it.  
}}

I've seen that story before, DesperateJill is a good writer. That said, I came up with the concept for this story long before I read her story, but I struggled to get it to work until more recently for a lot of the reasons @The Dark Wolf
outlined. 

As for Erin using a urinal, the thought has definitely crossed my mind. Of course, in an entire city of desperate women, any of them might get desperate enough to use a urinal after a long time away from home, especially if they know they'll have to continue to hold it for many hours if they don't pee in the urinal... 
{{ 18 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said: 
Then my next plan was for people to visit a city that just doesn't have any at all because the mayor wants to force people, usually visitors, to have accidents to satisfy his fetish, which of course would make him the villain because he's forcing his fetishes on unwilling people. (And similarly I was thinking of a story where someone schedules traffic jams in order to cause wettings) But I couldn't figure out much else for the plot or even how to make the desperation interesting. 
}}

I toyed with the same thing in earlier iterations of this story. In an earlier version of this story I had a secret group called the 'Piss-Illuminati' secretly controlling the city and engineering it for their own pleasure to make the female residents as desperate to pee as possible. But like you I couldn't really figure out what to do to make the desperation interesting. 

Honestly, what worked for me in writing part #1 is to come up with a character who I knew I could write a good story with even if I threw her into a completely different story. From there it was a lot easier to make the concept, a City without a ladies room, change to fit the character I had designed. 
{{ 4 hours ago, huberp76 said: 
It would be great and arousing for me to take a girl straight from her Working place to a dinner. Her Bladder is full from the Day. She did not wee since she left her Home at 7 am. We have a good food and a lot to drink. 

a. After Dinner i take her to the Cinema. I go to the Loo before we go in, she is waiting outside, no Loo for Girls, she has to hold it, like Girls should do. She stand with her Legs crossed and i aske her if she needs to wee. She answered that she would need to go all Afternoon, but she is a big Girl, she is able to hold it if she has to. 

A large coke for each of us. She is sitting on my right, my Hand on her nude Thigh and than i start to "play" with her full Bladder, i push in her belly, press on her bladder bulge, i massage her overfilled Bladder and she let me to it . She is proud of her strong Bladder and her ability to hold so much pee for so long. 

b. After Dinner i aske the girl if she would like to go with me to the Cinema. She tell me that she would like it but before she has to go at her home. 

I know what she wants to do, but i wont let her do it, i want to make her wait, i want to make her hold, so i say that there is not enough time for her to go home, we have to go right now.  

She look at me and says that she would need to wee like crazy and that she is afraid that her Bladder will burst if she hold it for some hours more, but she will try it. 

At the Cinema i have my Hand on her nude Thigh, i can feel how she tense her muscles to hold it in, with all the Power that a Girl has to hold it and to keep her Pany dry. 

I can feel that her Belly is hart and swollen from her overfilled Bladder, i make her drink the Coke and wait how long she can endure it. What do you like better a or b.  

Sorry for my bad english.  

}}

Thanks for those suggestions, they were enjoyable to read, I felt like I was reading a really short story instead of a suggestion. . I enjoyed A a bit more, but B was great as well. 

*017*2018-12-29 17:01

Alright, here's the next part of the story everyone. 

===== 

Part 2: #GirlsShouldNotPee

Though Erin was the one who badly needed to get home so that she could pee, she had to take slower more measured steps than me to avoid jostling the big ball of piss brewing uncomfortably in her bulging bladder. While we tried to hurry to the bus stop it was still at least a dozen blocks away, and we had to wait to cross the street twice. I watched as Erin and several other women waiting to cross the street all crossed their legs nervously. The early evening rush home to pee after work was no doubt a daily ritual for all these women.

I subtly peeked my eyes over at every alley we passed, wondering if I would spy a brave woman doing something about her overfilled bladder after a long & desperate day at work. With so many women's bladders unrelieved since heading into work in the early morning, it didn't seem like a stretch for at least a few of them to be tempted enough to drop their pants and piss in a secluded alley. I hoped to at least spot evidence of it anyway via a yellow puddle and some used tissues they had left behind. Alas, I saw nothing on that front the entire way. Maybe this part of the city was just too crowded for any women to so brazenly risk breaking the law. Or maybe Erin spoke for more women than I thought when she reacted with such disgust to my question of whether she had ever dropped her pants and peed in an alley.

We both knew that we had almost certainly missed the bus when we found no one else waiting at the bus stop. We likely had at least another 15 minute wait for the next one. As if to add insult to injury for Erin, there happened to be a urinal right next to the bus stop, literally feet away from the bus bench. It was as if someone had put it there to taunt her and all the other women waiting for the bus by reminding them that they weren't allowed to pee, but the men could. Some women might have been desperate enough to attempt to use the urinal anyway, but not Erin I knew. She was a girl, she knew she was expected to wait, no matter how bad her bladder situation was getting after not peeing for the last 10 plus hours. Yet despite how unfair all this was I didn't hear a word of complaint from Erin as she sat down, crossed her fidgeting legs, and waited for the next bus with me.

While we were waiting, an ad on a large billboard a few blocks away caught my attention. It prominently featured a stern looking female cop, along with a simple message. 'Public Urination is against the law Ladies. Help keep our city clean. Report violators with #GirlsShouldNotPee'.

"Hashtag Girls should not pee? Shouldn't it at least be 'should not pee in public'? Or 'should only pee at home'?" I asked Erin as I pointed at the sign.

"Too long Jeff, #GirlsShouldNotPee gets the point across better" Erin answered casually even as she shifted around on the bus bench uncomfortably and grabbed her crotch. "And besides, it's memorable, which is the point of their ad campaign. It makes girls think twice about breaking the law when it's so easy to report it by using a hashtag".

"Speaking of the subject, there's something I've been wondering. Why does this city not have any ladies' rooms Erin? It doesn't seem fair having plenty of men's rooms and urinals out in the open for the guys, but nowhere for the ladies like you to pee Erin".

"A ladies' room? Don't be gross Jeff, that would be just as obscene as your idea of women peeing in a secluded alley" Erin replied with surprising conviction. Her disgust at the thought was clear in her tone, even though she had been dying to pee for hours now. "Besides, what kind of a woman would ever want to sit on a dirty toilet seat that's been used and probably pissed on by a few dozen women before her? That's why the city got rid of them decades ago Jeff, it was a public hygiene nightmare. I don't see why the rest of the world doesn't just follow suit". 

"Well Erin, while a lot of women elsewhere in the world echo your complaints about filthy women's rooms, it doesn’t stop them from using the ladies' room all the time. Sometimes they even line up and wait to use the women's toilets when there aren't enough of them available. Those who are too disgusted by dirty toilets in the women's room, or obsessed over cleanliness, often look elsewhere or just wait they're home to pee like you do. I think plenty of women here would gladly use a ladies' room toilet if it were an option, even if you wouldn't". 

"Exactly my point Jeff. That's why the city had to get rid of them! Women knew they were a filthy health hazard. But too many women were willing to use them anyway out of laziness, instead of holding it till they were home, where they could have used their own clean toilet. That's why the #GirlsShouldNotPee campaign was created, and why the law is so vigorously enforced. The last thing we want is for lazy women to decide it's ok to start dropping their pants and pee in a secluded alley whenever they need to go like you suggested earlier Jeff!".

"But then why all the men's rooms and urinals in public places? By your logic aren't they a filthy health hazard to Erin?" I asked.

"Because they knew that stopping guys like you from peeing in public was a losing battle Jeff. You guys would just whip it out and pee all over the city" Erin answered with a hint of resentment. "That's why there's so many urinals all over the place Jeff. Too many drunk or lazy guys were whipping it out and peeing in alleys instead of walking to the nearest men's room, making the city smell like piss! Us ladies by contrast are much better behaved when there's no place for us to pee Jeff. We just cross our legs and hold it like we're supposed to, even if we've been holding it all day already, which all of us working ladies have after a long day of work. We don't just drop our pants and pee wherever we please". Erin added the last part with a hint of feminine pride.

It seemed so backwards to me that Erin, the one struggling to keep her boiling hot pee contained because she had nowhere to let it out, was the one arguing that women like her shouldn't be given proper facilities to pee in public. Part of me felt bad for Erin not even having the option to pee all day out in public. But another part of me quietly enjoyed how Erin so passionately defended a system that didn't let her pee all day out in public. It was as if Erin secretly enjoyed it to, the way she had drank at least 5 large cups of coffee at work, knowing full well how bad it would make her need to pee later in the day when she would have no choice but to hold it. Maybe some of the other women secretly enjoyed holding it all day to.

While we were talking, neither of us realized that a guy was approaching the bus stop urinal until we heard him unzipping his fly. Erin glanced briefly in his direction just as he pulled his cock out and started to pee noisily into the urinal right in front of her. Wasn't it considered rude in this city to pee in a urinal in front of a woman who was clearly dying to get home so that she could piss after work I wondered? Then I remembered how Erin had encouraged me to do the same thing just 15 minutes ago, and how she had called my hesitation to do what that guy was doing 'pee shyness'.

Without uttering a word Erin looked away from the man to be polite. I watched Erin stoically sit there with her legs tightly crossed as the guy's noisy piss continued right next to her. The only break in Erin's stoic reaction was the way she bit her lip nervously as the guy's noisy piss continued for over 20 seconds with no signs of slowing. The way he was still pissing a gusher, it was as if the guy somehow hadn't peed all afternoon. Erin began to readjust her tightly crossed legs and grab her crotch as the guy's piss passed the 30 second mark. 

Erin's bladder had to be screaming at her with jealous rage at this unfair situation. Why should yet another guy's bladder get welcome relief in the urinal, while her desperately full bladder still had to wait even longer for relief because there were no toilets available for the girls? And yet Erin remained silent and outwardly calm as she kept her brimming load of boiling piss contained. Erin's stoic demeanor continued as the guy finally finished his long piss and zipped his fly back up.

My interest in Erin during all this wasn't missed by her. "You expected me to complain when he started to use the urinal, didn't you?" she asked me frankly. I nodded. "Why should I have complained Jeff? I didn't complain when you used the urinal before we left the office. He was a guy, he can pee in whatever urinal he wants, regardless of if I'm close enough to listen to him pee or not. If he wants privacy from me then he can use a men's room instead".

"Does it not bother you to see guys use a urinal right in front of you when you've been dying to pee for the last few hours?" I asked her.

Erin shook her head. "I'm used to it Jeff, it happens all the time in this city" she answered in a matter-of-fact tone. "And besides, I'm a girl, so it's not like I could use a urinal if I wanted to Jeff. That makes it easier to not be jealous, or tempted to use a men's room, knowing that there's only urinals in there that I can't use". 

It was only at that moment that I realized Erin was right. All the men's room I had visited in the city had only urinals inside. I hadn't pondered why until now, but Erin's explanation made perfect sense. What better way to prevent desperate women from barging into the men's room to use the toilets then by not putting any toilets that the women could use in the men's room? All the city's public men's room would no doubt have become an unofficial unisex restroom otherwise, which obviously wasn't what the people who had banned public women's toilets had wanted.

The second bus was running late today. We had been waiting at the bus stop for over 25 minutes before it finally showed up, over 10 minutes late. As it came to a stop in front of us I couldn't help but notice that the bus had a large #GirlsShouldNotPee ad plastered on its side. It had the same stern looking female cop on it, but its message was a bit different. It read 'Public Urination is against the law Ladies. Don't pee in public! Cross your legs and hold it ladies. Report violators with #GirlsShouldNotPee'. I began to wonder how many people used the hashtag to report women illegally peeing in public as the ads asked. I made a mental note to myself to check it out later. 

Unfortunately for me and Erin all the seats on the bus were already taken, a dozen people were already standing and gripping the handholds. Several of the people standing were women who looked just as desperate to pee after a long day of work as Erin. The way Erin partially hobbled towards the back of the bus in the sexiest way with a fist glued to her crotch, and her thighs bent inward, I thought someone might be merciful and give up their seat for the poor desperate girl. But no one did, and Erin didn't try to ask one of the guys to give her their seat. So, Erin stood in the back of the bus, forced to grip the handhold with one hand, while she squirmed around crossing her legs and grabbing her crotch with the other hand. It was obviously far from an ideal scenario for a girl who badly needed to pee.

"Will you be alright standing like this?" I asked her in a whisper so that the others wouldn't overhear us.

Despite her great need for a piss, and her visibly bulging bladder, she brushed my concern off. "I'll manage Jeff, it's not like I have a choice" she muttered tensely, her discomfort loud and clear in her voice as the bus started moving.

During the ride all the women looked decidedly uncomfortable, many were shifting their crossed legs around anxiously, some were even openly holding themselves like Erin. Many of the women were clearly dressed in work attire, so obviously they were in the midst of rushing home after work to pee for the first time since the early morning. Some of the men did their best to ignore the obvious signs of bladder distress among all the women. But a few men couldn't take their eyes off the most obviously desperate women sitting or standing near them. 

While I kept an eye on Erin during the ride, another young mid-20's woman was soon grabbing an equal amount of my attention. She boarded the bus at the very next stop. She wore the typical uniform of a retail business, light blue jeans and a company shirt with her name on it, Lana. The second Lana boarded the bus it was clear to me that her bladder situation was nearing the breaking point. She pee danced more franticly than anyone else as she hobbled into the bus with slow baby steps and both hands glued to her crotch.

I saw Lana whisper frantically to a few people she passed in search of a place to sit down, begging for their seat, but no one would give up their seat. So, she ended up standing in the back of the bus a few feet from me and Erin. Lana was too frantic to pee to even bother to grab a handhold with one hand to steady herself when the bus moved. A quick glance told me that Lana was sporting an even larger bladder bulge then Erin. Either Lana had drank a lot more then Erin during the day, or she had just gotten off a double shift, or perhaps both. The pressure Lana's throbbing pee hole had to resist to keep her flood of urine contained had to be nearly unbearable. Lana's bladder was clearly full to the brim, she looked like she was ready to burst any minute.

Several minutes later my hunch was proving correct. I realized something was happening when Lana began to blush a deep red. The pressure in Lana's bladder was just too much for her to handle. Since she was facing me (and away from most of the other passengers) I saw the dark blue piss stain spreading across her jeans before my eyes. Lana managed to stop the leak after a few seconds, but not before it spread at least 4 inches from her front to partially down the inside of one of her pantlegs. I wondered if partial accidents like this were illegal under the city's anti-female urination laws. The panicked look in Lana's eyes and the way she tried to cover the wet spots with her hands told me that it probably was. A quick glance out of the corner of my eyes told me that Erin had been too preoccupied with her own overfilled bladder to notice Lana's leak. I shifted a half a foot to the side to help block Lana's wet patch from Erin's view.

Lana hurried off the bus at the very next stop as fast as her legs could carry her. I had my doubts that it was the stop she had originally intended to get off at. I was 100% certain that Lana fully intended to find as private a place as possible to illegally pop a squat before she completely pissed her jeans the rest of the way.

The rest of the bus ride was uneventful. As she promised, Erin managed to hold on with the rest of the desperate women during the remainder of the ride. It took another 15 minutes for the bus to arrive at our stop, shortly before 6 PM. From there we had only a 5 minute walk home to our next door apartments. I figured all would be over soon, and Erin would finally get to use her toilet for the first time in 11 hours to take a much needed pee. Little did I know what the rest of the evening had in store for us...

"So, do you have any plans for dinner?" I asked Erin after we got off the bus.

"No, but now that you mention it, I'm starving" Erin admitted as she crossed her legs while we waited to cross the street.

"Well then, got any suggestions where we should go?" I asked her. "I'm afraid I don't know of many places yet since I'm still new to the city".

Erin hesitated for a moment, as if pondering her options, all while she continued to pee dance anxiously on the spot. "You want to stop at Cascade's Diner on the way home?" she asked. "It's only 2 blocks away".

"Sure, but don't you want to stop by your apartment to pee first? I'm sure you've needed to pee for hours now" I replied. Surely Erin had just misspoke?

"To be honest, it would be really nice to be able to pee Jeff. I've needed to pee since mid-morning after my second cup of coffee. Drinking the rest of the coffee made me need to pee pretty bad all afternoon" Erin admitted sheepishly as she shifted around uncomfortably. 

"You've had to pee for the last 8 hours?" I asked. Erin nodded in acknowledgement. "Then we should definitely stop by your apartment before dinner to let you pee". 

To my surprise Erin slowly shook her head. "Thanks for the offer Jeff, but no. I really need to pee bad, but I don't need to take a pee break right now, I can wait a while longer if I have to" she insisted, even as she openly held herself. "It would be really selfishly for me to inconvenience you with a 10 minute detour to my apartment just so I can pee, even if you're offering to be inconvenienced for me Jeff. I mean, us girls aren't supposed to pee out in public after all, we're supposed to cross our legs and hold it Jeff".

Part of me wanted to argue with Erin that it wasn't selfish for her to demand that she needed a pee break before dinner when she had needed to pee for the last 8 hours. But I knew from the look on her face that it was futile to argue with her. It was the city's culture, and all the years Erin had lived in it, that was making the decision for her. I was suggesting she do something that she had been taught by society was taboo, even if it wasn't illegal for her to use her own toilet. The #GirlsShouldNotPee ads everywhere probably only helped farther reinforce the rules of the city's culture Erin had learned to live by. 

But at the same time, a selfish part of me wanted to let Erin continue to hold it, and have her pent up boiling hot piss continue to brew uncomfortably in her rock hard bulging bladder for a while longer over dinner. She had already held it for so long, how much longer could she keep holding it? Could she keep holding it through dinner, even after an additional glass or two of water? Would something else about the city's culture that I was unaware of keep Erin from finally peeing when she got home after dinner? Tonight's dinner would certainly be a lot more interesting then I had originally anticipated.

===== 

That's it, let me know what you think. I tried to fill in some of the gaps in this part for how the City ended up without any ladies rooms. 

I hope the small scene with Lana on the bus turned out alright. I've been trying to introduce other female characters to this story that are also suffering from the lack of a ladies room just like Erin, but haven't really liked what I came up with (which is part of why this part took so long to write). For example, Danielle, who we saw briefly in part #1, was originally going to be waiting at the bus stop with Jeff & Erin. But frankly it didn't really work out, so I removed her from the scene. 

Also, just to be clear, @huberp76
while I loved your short story of taking a desperate girl to a diner after work without letting her pee first, I already had the ideas from it I used in part #2 in mind before you suggested it. 

*021*2018-12-30 03:38
{{ 10 hours ago, JMatthews1995 said: 

Loving it all I wonder what happened to Lana?! Did she pee her self trying to make it home? I wonder what the punishment for wetting her self would be? Locked in a cell overnight with no change of clothes maybe? 

How big must Erins poor bladder be?! 

}}

{{ 6 hours ago, daniel2 said: 

The story implies that lana went to pop a squat, can you finish her little arc first before you move on to the date part? 

}}

Glad you both liked Lana's part of the story . I'll try and make a satisfying conclusion to Lana's story arc from where part #2 ends it. 

I wanted to write how it ended for Lana in part #2, but that was one of the areas that I struggled with writing something satisfactory, especially with Jeff being the first person narrator, which really limited my opinions. Part #2 was originally going to end with Lana popping a squat at Jeff & Erin's stop, but I really didn't like what I wrote there, and I thought Erin agreeing to go to dinner without peeing first made a better ending. 

{{ 9 hours ago, bibibibi said: 

Any possibility you could maker her use a urinal again? 

}}

I definitely have a good idea for an episode in this series that ends with a woman using a urinal that I want to write, and a few other potential ideas for women using urinals that I haven't fully fleshed out yet. They will come eventually, don't worry. I'm just not entirely sure when. It's possible as I add new story arcs/characters to this series I might end up working on 2 chapters at once that involve different characters. 

