An Obedient Indian Wife

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-10-02 19:26

Being raised in a traditional Indian household, Anmol was always taught to satisfy her husband’s needs, no matter how odd they might seem to her. She always assumed this to mean a lot of sex. She was on the shy side so she always feared having to initiate intimacy with her man, but that had not ended up being a major problem with her new husband of an arranged marriage, Preet.

They had been able to enjoy each other without any major problems through their first three months of marriage. However, things had changed when she had discovered a video clip of a curvy white woman wetting her jeans on his computer. It had been purely by accident- she had been searching for an old file she had been working on for her ESL class.

After hours of deliberation and anguish, Anmol had confronted him about it. Perhaps it was nothing sexual. Perhaps he had found it comical, a drunk woman losing control of her bladder whilst waiting in line for her chance to pee. However, upon confrontation, Preet had grown defensive and humiliated. After accusing her of her being too intrusive, he had claimed it was something his friend had sent to him as a joke- an obvious lie. Anmol had immediately apologized for her actions but had reminded him she was happy to do anything he desired. Preet had dismissed her and gone to bed. When Anmol checked the computer the next morning (Preet had rushed off to work early), the file was gone.

After a few awkward days, he had admitted to her that he had a pee fetish. Anmol assured him that it was ok and that she was willing to participate, even though it was strange to her. He replied that there was no need- it was immature and he would work hard to get past it. Anmol could sense he was still ashamed by his desires- more than anything, she wanted him to feel comfortable with his wife again. They hadn’t had sex since her discovery and she wanted to get intimate with him again.

So, she spent the next day researching his fetish and began drinking lots of water before he got home. Perhaps a wet wife would get him back to his usual self! As she sipped, Anmol experienced an exciting mix of horniness, anticipation, and nervousness in her stomach. She had no idea how Preet would react to her desperation!

By the time he arrived home, Anmol had grown quite desperate for the toilet. Her ¾ liter water bottle had been filled and drained twice. The tight waistband of her form-fitting jeans was making life real difficult for her poor bladder. As planned, she embraced him with a deep kiss on the lips- a surprise to him since they had not kissed like that recently. As she turned to retrieve the hot tea she was preparing for them, Anmol felt his eyes on her big ass. She smile to herself- she loved attention. While God had not blessed her with large breasts like the woman in Preet’s wetting video, her fit bottom was definitely something Preet treasured. She made sure to do the daily squat exercises her aunt had taught her.

Underneath her jeans, Anmol wore a white lingerie thong. She had purchased the underwear to surprise him on their three-month anniversary, but had opted to move the timetable up. If she was going to wet herself for her husband, it should logically be in her sexiest panties- especially a pair he had never seen before! She loved how sexy and naughty she felt as her bladder steadily filled- none of her family and friends could have ever guessed that she, an innocent recently-married 22-year old, was capable of such unspeakable acts! Hopefully Preet would find her accident hot! She could hardly wait to have his erect throbbing cock inside her again.

The 5’9 fair-skinned brunette smiled at her husband as she placed the two mugs of hot tea on the small dining table. She wondered if he could notice the desperation in her walk- it was getting increasingly difficult to act normal, especially when carrying two boiling mugs of liquid! Her full lips pursed as she delicately lowered her derriere in the chair next to her husband’s. Under normal circumstances, she would have surely dashed off to the toilet before consuming the tea- she was full to the point of real discomfort.

Anmol and Preet made small talk as they sipped tea. Halfway through her mug and through a long ten minutes of conversation, Anmol could no longer refrain from wriggling in her seat. Her need to urinate was intense and immediate. As her spouse discussed the details of his challenging work day, Anmol considered simply letting go and wetting her jeans in the wooden chair. However, that would take the fun out of Preet seeing her mounting desperation and eventual soaking of her pants in front of him.

Preet interrupted his own story about his coworker’s laziness to finally question his uncomfortable wife. “What’s wrong? You are shuffling a lot today.”

Anmol hesitated before answering, her face blushed slightly as she spoke. “Sorry, it’s just that I really need to pee.”

Preet’s excitement was immediately evident on his face. However, he was a good husband and his own desires could never come at the expense of pain to his beautiful wife. “Oh, I’m sorry! Just go pee then I will continue my story when you get back.”

“Oh my God, thanks! I REALLY need to go!” Anmol emphatically rose to her feet to hobble down the hall to the single bedroom condo’s sole bathroom, her hand in her crotch. She smiled sultrily to herself as she tried to open the door.

“Oh, it’s locked- how did that happen?” The anxiety in her voice mounted as she struggled with the door she had locked two hours ago.

Preet sighed as he got up to retrieve a butterknife from the kitchen- Anmol was so bad with these sorts of things. As he turned back towards the hallway, he discovered that Anmol had made her way back to him.

“It’s okay, babe- don’t worry about it. Let’s just finish our tea first- you must be tired from your long day at work.” She was gripping her crotch as she danced in place.

Preet finally caught on- his wife was indulging him in his fetish! He excitedly led her back to the table. “Sure honey, if you can hold it- I’d like to finish my tea and then I’ll unlock the door for you.”

*002*2023-10-07 15:22

As Preet finally sipped the last of his tea, Anmol impatiently danced in front of him with her hands gripping her crotch. She had finished gulping down her tea five minutes ago in the “hopes” that her husband would be able to unlock the bathroom door quickly. The reality was they both knew the game well- she was on the verge of having an accident and he wanted nothing more than to see it happen.

“OK, let me wash these dishes then I’ll see what I can do about that door!” Preet grinned mischievously as he gathered up the teacups and made his way to the sink. Anmol moaned and shifted to a spot next to him. She squirted into her panties as he turned tap handle and allowed the water to noisily flow into the sink. Anmol just barely regained control as a panicked “oh” escaped her lips.

Preet turned his head towards her. “Is everything alright, my dear?”

Anmol blushed red. Despite knowing that her husband enjoyed women wetting themselves, she was still humiliated to admit the truth- that she had just made a wet spot on her pants. “Yes- it’s just that I really need to go… badly!”

“Oh, I’m sorry! Why didn’t you say so?” Her husband quickly released the teacup he was washing and shut off the tap. “Let’s get you on the toilet before you pee in your pants!”

Anmol blushed as he made his way to the table to grab the specific butterknife from before (there were others merely an arm’s reach away from him) and then marched to the bathroom door. He fiddled with the knob as Anmol helplessly danced behind him- another squirt escaped her as the rattling sound of the knob filled her ears.

Preet finally got the door open, a shock Anmol as she fully expected him to continue rattling the door until she had full-on wet herself. She hadn’t planned the door getting opened, so her next move was truly impulsive as Preet stepped aside to reveal the view of the clean, white, inviting toilet. Anmol started losing complete control in her jeans. In a panic, she unbuttoned, yanked down her fly, and pulled her panties and jeans and planted her butt on the toilet. About a quarter of her bladder had emptied into her pants, and she sighed as the remaining 75% flowed out of her bladder.

Preet gently parted his wife’s knees so he could get enjoy a better view of her urinating pussy. A steamy, heavy stream poured out of her as she sighed with relief. Her pee was clear and nearly odorless as her severely overhydrated body finally obtained desperately needed relief.

Anmol slumped on the toilet as her hard waterfall slowed to a trickle, and after a few short bursts, she was finally empty. Her husband took the liberty of pulling up her panties from her knees so he could admire the wetness- the white lingerie thong was absolutely drenched. He urged the hazy girl up to her feet as he pulled her sticky, wet, and tight denim garment up to her waist. Anmol deliberately twirled around to show off her drenched ass. In her struggle to get to the toilet, she had wet her jeans down to her knees. There was also a small puddle on the bathroom floor.

A massive erection poked out in Preet’s dress pants- sex-deprived and living out his top sexual fantasy, he was already on the verge of climaxing. He animalistically massaged himself through his pants as he rushed an equally horny Anmol to their bedroom. Hot beyond grief, she stripped off her T-shirt, exposing the beautiful white brassiere which matched her panties. After tossing her on the bed, her legs dangling off it, he knelt on the floor to service her. He lowered her soiled panties and jeans again and proceeded to aggressively lick her vulva, savouring the sweet smell and taste of her pee and feminine juices. As her moaning grew louder, he honed in on her clitoris.

As she shrieked, a few more bursts of her hot pee escaped her, blasting Preet in the face. Knowing she had just climaxed, he moved his mouth back from the wet heaven between his wife’s legs. He took a moment to admire the incredible scene on the bed, starring his gorgeous wife. Her fingers gripped the bed sheets as her 34B breasts rose up and down with her heavy breaths. A circular wet spot had appeared on the light purple sheets- just under the woman’s butt. Preet rose to his feet, intending to walk to the side of the bed so he could climb up and initiate cuddling. But Anmol wasn’t quite ready for that yet- she wanted his throbbing cock inside her first. She quickly applied a grip on her husband’s arm.

“Fuck me- now!” She begged. Preet was only happy to oblige. He undid his pants and guided his fully erect organ into her. Her body stiffened as he entered and her breaths grew sharper again as he pumped in and out. Unfortunately, he was too excited to last long enough to give her a second orgasm. He came in a minute, filling her with his semen. Exhausted, he collapsed on top of her, enjoying the feeling of her long fingernails gently massaging his scalp.

“Preet?” She whispered after a long moment.

“Yes?” He mumbled, as the gradual urge to fall asleep on top of her overcame him.

“Get off the floor and come to bed.” After an amazing first wetting adventure, she was ready for cuddles with her husband.

*005*2023-10-09 23:57

“How do I look?” Anmol asked, twirling around playfully in her hazelnut-brown traditional Indian dress.

“Beautiful- just stunning.” Preet replied with a warm smile.

“And now?” She feigned desperation by grabbing her crotch and hopping in place.

Preet laughed. “Even better- exactly how I like you best.”

Anmol laughed too. “Soon.” She promised with a wink.

The past few days had been full of wild sex- her first wetting was on both of their minds. She had teased him in a few different ways. By drinking water excessively to the point of intense desperation. By peeing with the bathroom door open, even going in to relieve herself while he was brushing his teeth or showering. Once, she had even “forgotten” her wet panties in the bathroom- he had come home from work and discovered her accident. When he had questioned her about it, Anmol had feigned embarrassment and invented an excuse about being caught on the phone too long with her BFF Daksha.

In reality, it had been Anmol who had prolonged the conversation with long stories and juicy gossip as her bladder had filled to the point of needing urgent voiding through her pink cotton panties into the toilet. Daksha had heard her peeing and had tried to end the conversation, but Anmol was having too much fun to permit that. She had quickly apologized for the act, emphasizing that she had to go badly. Daksha had assured it was no big deal and stayed on the phone for a few more minutes. Grateful that her friend was so considerate, Anmol had remained seated on the toilet and fingered herself through her wet panties for the rest of the conversation. After hanging up, she had flushed and left her panties, wet spot up, on the bathroom floor.

Anmol had noticed that Preet had also been drinking more fluids and delaying pee breaks. This was exciting to her as her own interest in omorashi was growing. That evening, he had come running into the condo, clearly desperate for relief. Anmol stepped out of the kitchen to block his path as he fumbled with his zipper. After giving her a quick kiss, he mumbled a quick apology and continued on to the bathroom. Anmol stood in place for a moment to enjoy the sound of the heavy splattering into the toilet bowl and her husband’s blissful sigh of relief. As the stream quietened, a surprised “oh” emerged from the open bathroom- he had noticed her panties!

Giggling quietly to herself, Anmol rushed back to the stove where their tea was brewing. He entered the kitchen a few seconds later with Anmol's soiled underwear in hand. After his questioning, Preet had lifted up his wife's dress to reveal her bare ass. After giving his naughty wife a quick spanking, he led her into the bedroom for a passionate romp. They had ended up staying in bed the rest of the evening, forgoing tea entirely and ordering in a pizza for dinner.

It was now Saturday and, after making him wait all week, Anmol was planning to wet herself in front of him again. They were going to a wedding out-of-town and she had asked him exactly what he wanted. He had eagerly requested that she wear the light brown salwar kameez suit... over her blue full-cut panties- the ones with the cute little daisies on them. Anmol was a bit surprised her husband hadn't requested the sexy white lingerie again, but still happily obliged- those panties were probably her most comfortable pair. Peeing them was going to be a real thrill!

As discussed, the couple had peed together prior to getting dressed- she had gone first then had held his cock as he had emptied his bladder into the same unflushed water. Anmol couldn’t resist giving her stiffening man a few quick pumps once he had finished peeing- he had immediately become fully erect. Anmol had quickly taken care of his stiffy issue with her mouth. There would be some beautiful young ladies at the wedding and Anmol had been wisely educated to dutifully satisfy her man before such social events.

Preet had opted to wear a white kurta with a black and red vest. A couple days ago, Anmol had found a special undergarment for him while out shopping- form fitting white boxer briefs without a fly. She imagined such a design would make it significantly tougher for her man to relieve himself in urgent situations. After he had climaxed in her mouth, she had retrieved the gift from the bathroom cupboard and presented it to him. He had happily donned his new underwear and commended her on finding such a comfortable fit.

At long last, the couple grabbed their water bottles and headed to the car to begin the forty-minute journey to the wedding hall. They had already agreed on a couple of rules. First, they would drink moderately, not heavily through the day. And second, they would try not to visit the bathroom at the wedding. In an emergency situation, they would at least seek permission from their spouse before peeing. They both agreed that wetting themselves in front of friends and family was an absolute no-no. This kink was strictly something they would enjoy together in private- no one else needed to know what took place in their bedroom or bathroom.

*008*2023-10-16 07:34

Anmol glanced anxiously at the large clock behind the smiling bride and groom. It had now been three hours since Anmol had peed. She thought back to the five drinks she had consumed- a couple of glasses of water, a couple of cups of tea, and a few sips of wine. The latter had been at the behest of her husband- Anmol had never drunk alcohol before. She had enjoyed the light buzz, but it had seemingly made her even more anxious as her bladder filled.

She had kept an eye on Preet through the evening; she needed to make sure he kept up his end of the bargain. She needn't have worried- he was enjoying the party and had downed four alcoholic drinks and a cup of tea at the lively wedding. Over the course of the afternoon, a few of the girls at the table had invited Anmol to the washroom with them, but she had lied about not needing to go. As her need grew steadily, Anmol's wishful glances in the direction of the bathrooms occurred more and more frequently, as did the looks over at her drunken husband.

Had they been alone, she might have mustered the courage to ask him if she could relieve herself. But they were seated in the middle of a crowded table and asking for permission would seem odd as hell. Fortunately, Preet finally seemed to feel his own urge to urinate as others were excusing themselves from the festivities and so, he also began saying his goodbyes. Anmol quickly followed his lead and the desperate couple finally stepped out of the large building ten minutes later.

Anmol shivered as the cool spring afternoon air hit her as they stepped through the self-opening double door. She stopped walking and briefly crossed her legs to help maintain control of her full bladder. She took a quick look around and confirmed that they were now alone.

“Wow, I REALLY need to pee!” She whispered to her husband.

“Oh, why didn’t you ask inside? Do you want to go back in? We just said goodbye to everyone!” Preet rocked back and forth as he spoke- she could tell he also needed to go pretty badly but was putting on a brave face. He had consumed more liquid than her and much more alcohol at that, a well known diuretic.

Anmol bit her lip, not wanting to disappoint him. “Well, I guess I can hold it. If it gets really bad, can we please stop somewhere?”

Preet nodded. “Absolutely, I promise. It should be a short ride home but there are plenty of restaurants and stuff along the way!”

Anmol forced herself to smile bravely and followed his lead to the car. She doubted she would last all the way home even if the drive was quick. However, he had promised he would stop when she asked to and there was a city center only ten minutes away. She could wait until that long!

Anmol clasped her legs together tightly in the passenger seat as Preet rolled the Volkswagen CRV out of the gravel parking lot. She stared out of the window in an attempt to distract herself from her pressing need- she admired the beautiful trees and stunning blue lake, as well as the powerful mountains in the background. The event hall was truly located in a rural paradise. It was the perfect location- out of the city and its hoards of people but still only a short drive away.

A couple minutes later, the couple gasped in unison as the car veered off the bumpy country road (absolute hell for Anmol’s poor bladder) onto a busier avenue- traffic was backed up in front of them! In a panic, Anmol checked her iPhone to check the maps app. There was an accident up ahead and only single lane traffic was being let through! She groaned softly and shared the inconvenient news with Preet- his legs were also clamped together as they inched forward in traffic. If only she had insisted on going back inside the hall five minutes ago- they wouldn't be in this hot mess!

With no way to turn off the road or turn around, Preet and Anmol had no choice but to hold on. Anmol was clearly in rougher shape- she was pressing down on her pussy through the thin salwar cloth. It was now almost four hours since they had last peed and the maps app was showing a delay of ten more minutes before they would have any chance of exiting off this godforsaken road!

Anmol desperately scanned the car for a cup or container to pee in. As embarrassing as it would be to pee in the car next to her husband, it was better than popping a squat roadside… or wetting herself on the leather seat. But there was nothing- absolutely no cup, container or anything she could pee in. On the bright side, traffic was moving a bit quicker now- it seemed as if the road crew had cleared the accident up ahead. Anmol knew she had to get her husband to stop as soon as possible... or else.

“Preet, I’m about to wet myself- can you please find somewhere I can go?” Anmol pleaded, hoping he would understand her dire predicament.

“Yes, I know- I really need to go too!” He reached down with his left hand to give his dick a hard squeeze.

“Ok, please HURRY! It’s an emergency!” Tears were running down Anmol’s cheeks as she struggled to hold on just a few minutes longer. With the cars rolling along at a slow but steady pace now, the highway exit finally came into view.

Anmol’s breathing intensified further as he yanked the steering wheel to the right to guide the car up the ramp. She was moments away from soaking her panties- there was no doubt about it. She prayed silently for a gas station up ahead.

No such luck. They had turned into an old small town with tiny shops and houses on both sides of the street. It seemed to be a tourist hotspot- there were a fair number of people walking around taking in the sights, snapping photos. Anmol felt herself squirt and just barely managed to stop herself from releasing the entire flood where she sat.

“Stop NOW- please! It's coming out!”

Obediently, Preet slammed on the brakes so Anmol could hop out. She rushed out of the car onto the busy sidewalk. As she moved from a sitting/bouncing position to a standing one, she leaked into her panties again. Gasping in horror, she gripped her crotch with both hands and scrambled past shocked onlookers towards a narrow alley about twenty yards down the street. Seconds away from completely disgracing herself, she paid them no attention and hobbled into the alley- she located a couple of large garbage bins and strategically situated herself on the other side of them.

Despite her intense focus being on maintaining control of her bursting bladder, she couldn’t help but notice a couple of young men, likely in their late teens had stopped at the open side of the alleyway, the side not hidden by the bins. Ignoring them, Anmol attempted to tug down her salwar pant as she crotched down. However, it was tied tightly and wouldn’t budge from her waist. Realizing there was no way she was going to get her pants untied in time, nor wanting to expose her pussy to the youthful horny perverts, Anmol accepted defeat and began peeing through her pants. With her right hand, she held out the bottom portion of her long top (it reached her knees when she stood) as best as possible. Her left hand was propped against the garbage can behind her- it kept her from tipping backwards into her own puddle of urine.

Despite the pretty Indian girl’s efforts to shield herself, her accident was obvious to the two boys. Pee was flowing noisily through her clothes onto the alley’s surface below. A massive puddle was spreading beneath her, and unfortunately mostly flowing into the middle of the alley (and open view) due to the slope of the asphalt. Despite the shame, Anmol was in no position to stop peeing now- it was way too late for that. In shocked embarrassment, she continued involuntarily relieving herself. The relief was so great that she didn’t even notice her husband rushing past her, shooing the peeping Toms away.

The two idiots scrambled off laughing and Preet rushed over to tend to his distraught wife. Still in a relieved, distant haze, she automatically replied she was fine as he raised her up to a standing position. It was then that Anmol noticed the quarter-sized wet spot on her husband’s Kurta. He was dancing in place as he helped her. A blend of empathy and gratefulness filled Anmol- Preet was prioritizing her even though he was on the verge of completely wetting himself.

Preet released his wife’s arm and tried to undo his pants before he involuntarily soaked them. Acting quickly, Anmol reached down between his legs and placed her hand on his warm wet crotch, her cool hand clutching the head of his semi-erect cock through his moist pants.

Preet shivered pleasurably as his cock hardened further. It was too much- he started peeing uncontrollably, drenching his kurta. Anmol felt his hot pee flow all over her hand as his white kurta glistened with shiny wetness. Anmol leaned back to peer down the open side of the alleyway- luckily the pervs hadn’t returned. She urged her husband to hurry up as she too shivered from a light breeze hitting her- the initial pleasant warmness in her salwar and panty was rapidly cooling. Wet pants had a way of making the great outdoors feel really chilly!

As Preet’s pee stream slowed, Anmol released his penis and dragged him by the arm back to the street. A wet trail followed the couple as Preet finished emptying his bladder with a final few bursts into his new underwear, pee drops still hitting the pavement below. From watching male and female wetting videos, as well as researching some pee fetish tips, Anmol knew most of her wetness would be on the back- a quick peek down at her salwar confirmed it. There was some dark stains running down the insides of her thighs, but that was the extent of the damage at the front. Meanwhile, he had a huge erection and a massive wet spot down his front.

“Stay closely behind me!” Anmol commanded, as she continued gripping his hand while checking the street. She waited for a flirtatious young couple to pass by the alley before walking briskly past a mother pushing a stroller. Her other child, a four year old boy, turned his head to gawk at them as they rushed back to the car. Fortunately, no one else seemed to have noticed the wet scene and the naughty young couple only suffered the private embarrassment of sitting in their soiled pants on the lengthy drive home. But the hot shower together and sex afterwards was incredible.

*009*2023-10-16 23:24

Yeah that would be amazing, JD! Have you asked your wife to let you watch her pee at least? Maybe that can be a start.

