Kelly's Regret

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2018-01-03 03:55

The early afternoon passed with Kelly drinking even more bottles of water at Will's urging. By 2 PM in the afternoon Kelly's bladder was becoming a major problem for her after 32 hours without a piss. All the soda from lunch was coming back to haunt her now. It was becoming a struggle for Kelly to not openly squirm in desperation in the stores or during their sightseeing. But Kelly didn't want to look weak, so she stubbornly fought to hide her needs as best she could, even though her whole body wanted to squirm around desperately now.

The afternoon was filled with a lot less shopping, and much more sightseeing then the morning was, which left Kelly with less things to distract her from her growing need to piss. Even though she wanted to turn down some of the drinks William offered her, Kelly's stubbornness wouldn't let her, no matter how much her bladder complained. Not fidgeting around or gripping her crotch when Will or others were looking was becoming much more of a struggle now. But Kelly, determined to prove to Will and herself that she was a tough girl and she could defeat her arch-rival Zora's bladder of steel, endured it all without complaint.

By 5 PM Kelly was getting quite desperate to piss after holding it in for the last 35 hours, but she was still holding on. It was clear to Will from her tense body language just how badly she needed to go by now, even if she was stubbornly determined to keep up the tough girl act.

It was shortly after 5 PM that Kelly's tough girl who doesn't need to pee act finally broke. Kelly was hit suddenly by such a strong wave of desperation that she had to ram both hands into her crotch and squirm around desperately. "Oh damn! Damn! I've really gotta pee!" Kelly moaned, glad that only Will was around to see her.

"If that's your way of asking for the key, you know why you can't have it yet Kelly" Will said with a grin.

Kelly shook her head. "No... I don't need it... yet" she grunted. Kelly tried experimentally to lift her hands off her crotch, but had to put one hand back after a few seconds. "I can still hold it... but maybe that last cup of soda was a mistake" she admitted.

Will smiled at her still tough attitude, and sexy squirming. "Kelly you're doing much better than you were in your last match up against Zora. Keep this up and I don't think she'll stand a chance against you in a rematch".

Kelly shook her head. "I'm still not good enough Will... Zora has been training herself to... she's probably been getting even better training than me". Kelly tried removing her second hand from her crotch again, this time she succeeded, though her whole body was still fidgeting quite a bit. "I've gotta keep pushing myself Will... as long as I can... that's why I gave you the key... I know you'll make me wait as long as I can... longer then I'd make myself wait if it was up to me".

Will smiled mischievously. "You made the right choice there Kelly. I'll definitely make sure you push yourself farther than you ever thought possible. Now come on, if you're up to it I want to see the rest of this museum before we leave".

Kelly wasn't really in the mood to see the rest of the museum anymore with her bladder so full. But she bit her tongue and merely said "of course I'll be up to seeing the rest of it Will".

The museum tour continued to be just as bad on Kelly's bursting bladder as she feared. Kelly began to repeatedly pester Will for a break to sit down and rest her legs as her heavy load of urine continued to wreak havoc on her bladder. Kelly squirmed around and gripped her crotch from time to time, but she had to be careful out in public not to be too obvious. It wasn't until 6 PM that William finally agreed for them to sit down and rest somewhere. Fortunately Will found a private area for them to sit down where they wouldn't have to worry about anyone seeing Kelly squirming around in obvious desperation.

"Can we go back to the vacation house now Will?" Kelly asked hopefully. "I don't know how much more of this walking around I can take, especially when I have to pee this bad".

Will was silent for a long moment, seeming to study Kelly's body language, or contemplate something, with a big smile on his face. "Alright, we can go... but only if you can drink another 6 cans of soda first Kelly". Kelly raised an eyebrow and grimaced at the suggestion. "Think of it as practice for the beer drinking contests against Zora" he added.

"Now you're just taking advantage of a girl who's desperate to pee" Kelly replied, playfully rather than angry. "And why can't I drink the cans when we get back to the vacation house? Are you impatient Will?" she teased.

"Well you haven't had anything to drink the last two hours" Will said simply. "And besides, Zora wouldn't turn it down, she would relish in the practice no matter how bad she needed to pee".

Will knew he was risking Kelly's anger with that last line, she often hated any mention of Zora being better than her. But luckily Kelly's anger wasn't triggered. "And... what if I refuse?" Kelly asked calmly.

"Then I guess I won't take you back to the vacation home for a while longer" Will replied smoothly. "Maybe we'll hop over to a movie theater and go see a long movie, and maybe I'll even get you a jumbo sized cup of soda... and who knows what I'll do if you don't finish it".

"You're mean Will" Kelly pouted playfully as she squirmed around in her seat. "But fine... I can do it" she added. It wasn't Will's threat that got her to go along with it however. Despite her desperation, Kelly's pride couldn't let a challenge to her iron bladder go unanswered on a day like today, she was trying to challenge herself after all. She was pretty bad off right now, but she knew she could endure worse if she pushed herself.

Kelly and Will returned to the vacation home shortly before 7 PM, Kelly had drank the entire six pack of soda cans within 20 minutes. Kelly was constantly crossing her legs and squirming around in her seat the whole ride back, urging Will to avoid any bumps on the road to not jostle her full bladder. As soon as she walked through the door Kelly collapsed on the couch with both hands gripping her crotch. Will would have loved to stay and watch, but he had to hurry off to the bathroom to take a much needed piss for himself. Fortunately the bathroom was far enough away for Kelly to not be tortured by the sound of Will's reliving piss or the toilet flushing afterwards. Will returned a few minutes later feeling quite relieved, unlike his girl Kelly.

"I... don't know how much longer I'll be able to hold on Will" Kelly admitted.

"Are you asking for the key so you can pee now Kelly" Will asked calmly, wondering if Kelly thought she was nearing her limits so soon. If so then that was disappointing, he had expected better from her.

"No!" Kelly answered quickly, before immediately reconsidering as her bladder complained more fiercely. "Well... ok maybe..." Kelly confessed coyly. "I don't think I've ever held it this long before Will, especially not while drinking so much water and soda".

"That doesn't mean you can't hold on for a while longer Kelly" Will said with encouragement. "Remember, you gave me the key so that you'd push yourself to new limits Kelly. What's the point of going all in like that if you're just going to give up so easily?".

"I know Will" Kelly admitted, knowing Will had a good point. "I'd like be able to wait at least till I've been holding it for 40 hours since my last pee... to at least tie Zora's record. But I... don't know if I can hold on for another 3 hours Will... the urge is getting really bad".

"Only 40 hours?" Will asked skeptically, "I think you can control yourself a lot longer than that Kelly, if you push yourself and don't give up so easily". Will's eyes glanced at the lock on Kelly's belt, and he smiled. "And since you can't pee until I give you the key... I guess that means you'll just have to wait a while longer".

"Well then, how much longer do I have to control myself before I can pee?" Kelly asked, dreading the answer as she sat on her heel to try to help her bladder's plight a bit. All her arrogance from a day and a half ago when she gave Will the key to her lock were about to bite her in the butt now she knew. Yet she couldn't blame Will, he was only doing exactly what she had asked him to after all.

"Oh I don't know, how about holding it for at least 48 hours since you took your last piss" Will replied lazily. "I think with all your practice the last few months that you can wait that long if you really try hard Kelly".

"48 hours are you nuts Will! That's another 11 hours!" Kelly practically shouted in horror. "I can barely control myself for another 3 hours! There'll be a waterfall of piss erupting in between my legs long before I'm even half way there Will!".

Unmoved by her pleading for mercy, Will sat down across from Kelly with what she could only describe as a look of pure evil joy in his eyes. Kelly knew whatever he was about to say wouldn't be good for her if he was this happy about it. "Well then, I have some bad news for you Kelly. You don't have any choice in the matter but to hold on for at least another 11 hours. The key to the lock on your jeans is somewhere that neither of us can get to it for a while, so I couldn't let you pee even if I wanted to right now"

"...What the fuck are you talking about Will?" Kelly asked, confused by Will's bold claims. She would be livid if Will had somehow lost the key. "You had better not have given the key to someone else if that's what you're implying" she added sternly.

"I'll show you Kelly, be right back" Will answered with a grin as he went into the kitchen. Kelly was too distracted by her desperate urge to pee to wonder what Will was doing, until he came back carrying a large fancy looking bowl. "It'll take all evening for it to melt I'm afraid" Will said with a big grin as he gave Kelly a closer look. The large bowl was filled with solid ice, Will had clearly filled it with water and put in the freezer for a while. At the very bottom of the ice, impossible to get at without breaking the bowl (which looked quite expensive), was a very familiar looking key.

"Oh My God! What the Hell Will!" Kelly gasped in astonishment and horror. Kelly nearly lost her heavy load of pent up piss right there from the shock of it. She had been worried 37 hours ago that Will would keep the key to her lock in his pocket and refuse to give it to her until she started to piss herself. But this was even worse. If she pissed herself she'd have to wear her humiliating piss soaked jeans until the ice melted enough for her to get the key!

"I think I did a good job at mimicking the stakes you'd have if you were really in a re-match holding contest against Zora" Will said with pride, oblivious to Kelly's anger. "Your problem is that you give up too easily when it gets too uncomfortable and too inconvenient to keep holding it Kelly" Will explained. "As you've made clear in the last few minutes Kelly, when your need to pee gets as bad as it is now you'd be hurrying to the nearest toilet if you could. And if the ladies room were unavailable that wouldn't stop you either Kelly, not when you have to pee this bad already. You'd drop your jeans and pee somewhere outdoors. Well now you can't, now you have to wait for a while because you have no other choice".

"Will! I am NOT ok with having to wear piss soaked jeans for half the night if I can't hold it anymore!" Kelly protested angrily. "I don't recall giving you permission to freeze my key in a bowl of ice either!".

"Actually you did imply that" William countered. "You said, I quote 'you have my permission to be as hard on me and my iron bladder as possible, no matter what I tell you later'. Well now it's later Kelly".

"But you could have accomplished the same thing by keeping the key in your damn pocket!" Kelly protested.

"No I couldn't have!" Will argued. "If I didn't pull this stunt it would always be in the back of your mind that I could change my mind and let you pee at any moment, so you wouldn't try as hard. You'd expect me to let you use the toilet if you began to piss yourself. Whereas this way you know there's no point in not trying your hardest now". Kelly was silent, but continued to glare at him as she fidgeted around on the couch. "I know you're mad Kelly, but that stubborn prideful part of you knows I'm right".

Kelly slapped herself in the face, she had known full well Will would do something like this when she gave him the key. But she did it anyway, because she knew her own holding sessions weren't good enough to help her one day defeat her arch-rival. Everything Will had just said was right, she had to grudgingly admit. Kelly knew full well she often gave up and peed whenever continuing to hold it got too uncomfortable for her like it was now. The stakes to her pride in her contest against Zora on the beach had been the only reason why she had held it until she pissed herself back then. If Zora had lost their contest, Kelly knew she would have squatted down and peed immediately on the beach , no matter who was watching her.

Kelly took a few deep breaths to calm herself down. "Alright... alright Will... how long will it take for the ice to melt so we can get at the key?" she asked.

"We'll be able to get at it by 6 AM tomorrow Kelly, I've experimented with how long it'll take this large bowl of ice to melt at room temperature before" Will answered. 6 AM tomorrow was exactly at the 48 hour mark since Kelly last had a pee.

"Alright... then let's have a quiet evening together" Kelly said, as she accepted that she was going have to somehow hold it a while longer. Kelly thought that was the end of Will's surprises, until she caught an evil glint in Will's eye. "What else did you do Will?" she asked impatiently, knowing he was hiding something else from her.

"Well, I lied earlier at the museum, we need to be going somewhere else soon" he said. "You see, I found out yesterday that Zora and Matt were in town on vacation this week to, so I invited them to go out to dinner with us while I was texting them earlier today".

Kelly's first reaction was annoyance, but it quickly gave way to fear as she doubled over gripping her pussy in desperation. Now Kelly knew why Will wanted her to drink all those soda cans before they headed back. He had wanted her as desperate as possible when she sat across her arch-rival at the restaurant, to really put her composure to the test.

"You bastard Will!" Kelly said grudgingly. "You made me drink all those cans of soda before we came back! You're trying your damnest to make sure I don't make it through dinner dry". Will shrugged his shoulders, with a look that said 'nothing you can do about it now'. A long moment of silence stretched between them as Kelly managed to straighten up and exert a bit more control over herself. "What if I refuse to go out to dinner" she asked Will in a rebellious tone. She didn't intend to run away from his challenge, but she didn't want to just meekly accept it either.

"Well then, we'll have to inform your arch-rival exactly why you backed out of having dinner with her and her boyfriend" Will answered smoothly. "I know from Matt's texts that Zora hasn't peed all day either. I doubt Zora's been holding it as long as you have right now, but who knows? I didn't ask".

"Well, it looks like we're going out to dinner then" Kelly answered calmly, pretending to cave to Will's threat to damage her pride. A few minutes later Kelly tried to walk normally to the car, without jamming a fist into her crotch. Kelly just hoped that her pride wouldn't be her downfall yet again while they were at dinner. Ten minutes ago she had been confident she could hold on for a few more hours, but who knew if Will had arranged other after dinner plans that might keep them out all night?

===

That's all for now. I'm still working on Part #2, but it'll take me some time to finish it.

*005*2018-01-04 02:06

Thanks guys, glad you really enjoyed it.

{{11 hours ago, Jackles12 said:

You are a great writer. Thanks for sharing this with us and I'll be waiting inpatient for the next chapter.

}}

I'm trying to write it as fast as I can. The problem is I'm maybe a bit too much of a perfectionist at times, which makes it take longer. :(

Part #2 is over 6,000 words long at the moment, but there's some chunks of it that the perfectionist in me isn't satisfied with that I'll probably rewrite till I'm satisfied it's just as good as Part #1.

{{5 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Like all your work, this is just awesome! I hope she wets herself, I like to see (too) proud people fall^^

}}

Thanks, we'll see how much Kelly regrets her impulsiveness when the story ends. :)

In regards to the ending though, I will admit, for most of my stories I have an ending in mind when I start writing, and a rough outline of that ending. For this story though, I got the idea of the concept, knew it would work great with Kelly & WIll's characters, and started writing without a real idea of where the story would go and how it would end. So far, at least in part #1, it's worked out just fine.

