Kelly's Regret

Author: FullBladder85

*014*2018-03-13 03:37

Sorry for the long delay to posting this. Real life, as well as catching the flu, has kept me busy. Also the perfectionist in me makes it hard to make progress on my stories at times. That said, Part #3, the finale, is a bit over 7,800 words long.

===

Kelly's Regret, Part #3

Kelly's evening was just as much of a difficult nightmare as she imagined it would be with over 40 hours worth of boiling piss brewing her bladder. Unable to stay still, she rolled around on her side of the bed constantly, squirming like mad in desperation. Though she couldn't see him well in the dark bedroom, Kelly had little doubt that Will was watching her as best he could in the dim lighting, enjoying every moment of it. Neither her or Will would be getting much sleep that night Kelly knew.

Eventually, after what felt like hours to her, sleep did come to Kelly. But along with it came the same reoccurring nightmare that had haunted Kelly from time to time since her loss against her arch-rival a few months ago.

Kelly was sitting in the front passenger seat of a car in the dream, her arch-rival Zora was sitting in the driver's seat. They were speeding down the highway in a race around the world. A large cooler of drinks sat in between their seats, filled with many empty and crushed cans and bottles that the two ladies had already drank. Kelly, thanks to all those drinks she had consumed, desperately needed to pee a gusher at the next pit stop. Kelly hadn't peed since their last pit stop at a gas station over 48 hours ago. Zora had the chance to pee at the last pit stop as well, but she had chosen not to, so she had been holding it for several days longer than Kelly was.

"Do you think we can find somewhere to stop for a bit? I really need to pee bad" Kelly finally confessed to her arch-rival.

Dream Zora however sneered at her. "What kind of a wimp needs to take a pit stop after just a 'little bit' of soda and water, and so soon since her last pit stop 2 days ago?" she asked with scorn. "Hold it. I'm not stopping till this tank of gas is nearly empty. I don't give a damn if your tank is full Kelly. Mine is plenty full to, I've been holding it for over 5 days, but you don't see me complaining about needing a pit stop. I could have peed at the last pit stop like you, but instead I choose to hold it so that we could get back on the road quicker. We're in a race Kelly, so just shut up and keep holding it like I am".

Kelly leaned over to a look at the gas gauge. Even though Zora had been driving for over 48 hours straight, the gas gauge was still just over half full. Kelly knew she couldn't possibly wait till the gas tank was nearly empty, but looking at Zora, Kelly didn't think she could wait either. Zora had been fidgeting around desperately in her seat for a while now, unable to cross her legs or let go of the wheel to grip her crotch while she was driving. Despite her stubbornness, Zora clearly needed a pit stop for herself quite badly. "Come on Zora, I know you've really gotta pee bad to. It's ok to need to take an unscheduled pit stop for yourself when you haven't peed in over 5 days, especially after you didn't pee at the previous pit stop" dream Kelly begged.

"Of course I really need to pee bad. I needed to pee pretty bad already when I passed up the last pit stop 2 days ago. But you know what? At the next pit stop, even though I really have to pee quite badly, I'll skip the ladies room again, and continue to hold it in for several more days. When we get to the next pit stop after that and I need to pee even worse than before, I'll keep holding it and pass up the chance to use those toilets to. Pit stops are a waste of time when you're in a race. That's why I intend to pass up every chance I get to use a toilet, and hold it for the entire race" dream Zora sneered confidently. "It'll be a really tough battle even for me to hold it in for that long, but my bladder is up to it. Too bad yours isn't, we'd make much better time than".

Kelly's bladder began to pulsate madly in desperation. She didn't know how Zora was managing to keep holding it after 5 days without relief, but Kelly knew she couldn't hold it back much longer in this dream. "Please Zora, just pull over somewhere! I'm about to piss in the car seat!" Kelly begged just as she lost her first spurt.

Dream Zora remained stubborn and unmoved even then despite seeing the large wet spot on Kelly's shorts. "Shut up and Hold it!" she ordered as Kelly's spurt began to turn into a gusher despite her best efforts to hold it. "How pathetic Kelly" dream Zora sneered at dream Kelly's now soaking wet shorts. "I'll enjoy humiliating you and your pathetic bladder again on that camping trip".

Kelly woke up from her nightmare more frantic to piss than ever, but somehow still completely dry. Dream Zora's final words repeated themselves constantly in her mind. It may have just been a dream version of Zora that had gloated and called her pathetic, but it stung Kelly just as much as the real Zora saying those things would have.

"I'll show that arrogant bitch who has the pathetic bladder when we go on that camping trip" Kelly whispered to herself with silent fury. Maybe then these nightmares that plagued her would finally end she hoped. But despite her anger, Kelly's attention was quickly drawn to the urgent signals coming from her bladder. All those gallons of piss sloshing around inside her were almost too much for Kelly's increasingly exhausted bladder to keep contained any longer.

If it wasn't for her lingering anger, Kelly would have been seriously tempted to let go and piss herself in the bed just to get relief. At least then she wouldn't have to deal with the overwhelming and uncomfortable need to piss anymore. It wasn't like she'd be able to hold on for much longer anyway Kelly thought, her bladder's sphincter was getting quite exhausted from all the constant clenching required to keep her flood inside. It would have been so easy to make Will think she had accidently pissed herself in her sleep. But Kelly, still seething in fury from her nightmare, refused to prove the dream version of Zora right by giving up now and letting go of her flood of boiling piss. She wouldn't give herself, or Will, or the real Zora any reason to call her and her iron bladder pathetic. She wouldn't take the easy way out, not this time.

Kelly dared a glance at the clock to see how long it was until morning, and was surprised to see that it was 6 AM already! Two whole days of pent up boiling piss were straining against her bladder's sphincter now, no wonder why her sphincter was so exhausted! Perhaps even Zora had never held it this long before Kelly thought with pride as she gently rubbed her rock hard bladder bulge with one hand, enjoying the fullness of it. Even the slightest touch made Kelly's exhausted bladder shudder a bit, without a doubt Kelly had definitely never been this full before.

But the gentle touch of her fingers was nothing compared to Kelly's now quite tight jeans. Kelly's enormous bladder had only bulged out even more overnight, but her locked jeans that had already been getting uncomfortably tight by last night hadn't grown at all. That met Kelly's jeans were now pressing down torturously hard on her rock hard bladder bulge, refusing to give it the needed room to expand any farther. Kelly somehow managed to deal with that constant throb of pain that only made her more desperate to pee. Kelly couldn't help but wonder just how much taking the jeans off would ease her overwhelming need to piss. Maybe she'd be able to hold on another hour or two when she could finally take that torturous garment off she thought blissfully.

As she laid in bed squirming around, part of Kelly began to get really horny at the thought of what a powerful orgasm she'd have if she masturbated right now. Sex and masturbation were always better on a full bladder Kelly had learned a while ago. Kelly smiled as she realized that her arousal was probably being caused at least in part by her rock hard bursting bladder rubbing right up against her G-spot. "I guess Mother nature gives girls who can resist their bladder's urges for a few days the best rewards" Kelly thought happily. The ache of her exhausted little pee hole continuing to contain her flood almost became pleasurable for Kelly in her horny mood.

But Kelly had little doubt that she'd completely lose whatever little control she still had over her bladder if she brought herself to an orgasm now. But in her horny state, with part of her not wanting to hold it in any longer, that sounded worth the cost. Kelly's bladder began to pulsate more desperately then before in anticipation of a gigantic morning piss, but of course Kelly couldn't do that without the key. The added desperate pulsating from her unrelieved bladder only rubbed against Kelly's G-spot more strongly, leaving Kelly more aroused at her own plight, and wishing she could masturbate right now. But Kelly knew she couldn't masturbate, or better yet get Will to fuck her, without the key either.

The horny part of Kelly that wanted to pleasure herself now began to win out over the stubborn bladder queen of Kelly that wanted to keep waiting. The horny part of Kelly decided she needed her key now. If Will missed out on the fun because he was asleep then it was his loss she told herself.

So ignoring William, who was still sleeping soundly on the other side of the bed, Kelly desperately hobbled out of bed and ran towards the bowl of ice that contained the key she so desperately needed. Kelly smiled happily when she saw all the water that now filled the bowl instead of ice. "I knew you would be waiting for me when I woke up today" Kelly said to the key she had been separated from for 2 whole days.

Kelly figured the bowl and water would have warmed up to room temperature by now, but one touch showed she was wrong, both were still ice cold to the touch. Kelly shuddered as the ice cold touch almost made her lose a few drops in her panties, she rammed a fist into her crotch to help her hold it.

With one hand still firmly gripping her crotch, Kelly used a pot holder to pick up the bowl so that it's cold temperature couldn't send more shock waves to her trembling bladder. She carried the bowl to the sink and dumped the water out. Kelly couldn't help but groan in disappointment when she looked at what was left in the bowl with the water removed. The key was still fully encased in the ice that remained at the bottom of the bowl.

"Damn it! I need that frigging key!" Kelly swore angrily. The pressure her bladder was under trying to keep 48 hours worth of boiling piss contained was already agonizing enough. Yet she would have to continue to go without a pee for a while longer it seemed. Masturbating was also clearly out of the question now despite her arousal. Kelly briefly pondered grabbing a knife or other utensil to break the key out of the ice, but quickly concluded that she was far too desperate to pee to try anything that exerting, especially with how cold the bowl still was.

Kelly began to feel the familiar pang of regret that she had given Will the key. "I should have had more self control and confidence in my own iron bladder. Then I wouldn't have needed to give Will the frigging key, and I wouldn't be stuck waiting for the damn ice to melt" Kelly thought miserably. "Maybe if I keep thinking I'll come up with an idea to get at the key quicker" she thought, as she struggled to concentrate because of the heavy load of piss she was desperately trying to keep contained. The only immediately obvious idea Kelly could come up with to get at the key sooner was to break the bowl. But she wasn't ready to take action that drastic to get at the key... not yet anyway.

It was only then that Kelly noticed the sound of footsteps behind her, followed by the familiar sound of Will's voice as he entered the kitchen. "I hope you aren't pondering anything drastic Kelly, like smashing the bowl to get at the key".

It was like Will had read her thoughts Kelly thought, feeling a bit unnerved. With her mind increasingly frayed after 2 agonizingly long days without a piss, it didn't occur to Kelly in that moment that no matter how calm she acted outwardly, Will could have easily guessed that the temptation for her to smash the bowl to get the key was there. Yet even with the truth plainly obvious to Will, Kelly decided to lie and deny. "Of course I wasn't thinking about doing anything that drastic Will. Your parents wouldn't like it if I broke their bowl to get at the key" she replied stubbornly, refusing to admit to her moment of weakness.

Will's eyes moved towards the bowl, which of course should have been filled with water if Kelly hadn't dumped it. Kelly almost blushed in embarrassment at being caught red handed as Will's gaze returned to her and he grinned. "Looks to me like you were pretty excited at the thought of getting your key this morning so that you could pee" he said as Kelly couldn't help but fidget around desperately before him. "I think my girl is really regretting her arrogance earlier when she handed me the key to her lock right after she took her last pee 2 days ago".

Will always knew just how to push her buttons when she was feeling stubborn like she was now. "It's not arrogance if I can back it up" Kelly instantly retorted, just like Will knew she would.

"Oh? Then why are you squirming around like a little girl who really has to pee? It's only been 48 hours Kelly, surely a girl who acts tough like you can control herself" Will asked smoothly.

"I never said I didn't need to pee Will. Of course I'm dying to use the toilet" Kelly confessed. "But I can still hold it till your little keep-away game with the key expires when the ice melts".

"Maybe I don't believe my girl can hold on another hour or two for the ice to melt when she's squirming around so much" Will countered, skepticism dripping from his voice.

"You'd be squirming around to if you were wearing these tight jeans Will" Kelly countered. "I really wish I could take these damn jeans off Will. With my bladder so full, they're so frigging tight now! They're like a constant torture device pressing on my rock hard bladder bulge, especially when I haven't peed in 2 whole days! I could probably hold it for several hours longer without these damn jeans on". Kelly had intended to explain her plight with the jeans with confidence and only slight annoyance in her voice. Instead she had said it with anxiousness and frustration, giving Will a hint of just how nervous she was about possibly not even lasting for another half hour.

"Hey, it was your idea to lock yourself in those jeans, not mine" Will countered. "But don't worry, it'll probably take no more than another 2 hours or so for the rest of the ice to melt". Kelly's exhausted bladder throbbed in protest at the thought of continuing to wait for that long. "But I'm sure waiting another 2 hours shouldn't be an issue for my iron bladder princess when she's already waited for 48 hours, should it Kelly?" he asked smoothly.

Part of Kelly wanted to drop the tough girl act, and confess her doubts to Will, wanted to scream that she couldn't even wait for half that time. But the lingering fury and stubbornness from last night won out instead. In perhaps the most blatant lie she had ever told, Kelly, still squirming madly in desperation, shook her head. "Not a problem Will... I can easily hold it" she replied with as much confidence as she could muster, leaving her sounding only half sincere.

Will grinned back at her. "Well then, now that that's settled, I bet you're thirsty Kelly. Sit down and relax, I'll make us some breakfast and get you a drink".

Kelly knew from the last two breakfasts just how much Will would want her to drink. She probably wasn't leaving the breakfast table without downing one and a half liters of water minimum. Kelly's bladder throbbed violently in protest in anticipation of all that added fluid, trying desperately to make her spill its heavy load. Kelly couldn't help but openly flinch and ram both her fists into her crotch again.

Her reaction wasn't lost on Will, who closed in like a hawk. "Does my iron bladder princess have a problem with drinks and breakfast?" he asked playfully, his eyes daring her to say yes.

Kelly, still gripping her desperate pussy for dear life, bent her head down as if in shame, and shook her head unconvincingly. "Don't be silly Will... breakfast won't be a problem for me... I can hold it".

When Kelly dared to glance up at Will again he had a mischievous look in his eyes. "My mistake, I must have just been imagining something then" he said, before heading to the fridge to make breakfast. Kelly hurried to take a seat at the kitchen table, grateful for the chance to sit down, hoping it would help calm her bladder down a bit.

Kelly began to wonder over breakfast if she had made a mistake stubbornly insisting she could hold it as long as she needed to, even as her squirming made plain to Will how utterly and truly desperate she was. The look in Will's eyes whenever he eyed her told Kelly that he took her arrogance and stubbornness as a challenge. Knowing she must be so close to her limits now, there was a hunger in his eyes to break the last ounce of her control over her exhausted and overfilled iron bladder. But Kelly remained stubbornly determined to refuse to give him what he wanted. She would show Will just how far she had expanded her bladder's already considerable limits since her shameful public accident at the beach party a few months ago.

Will popped some bread in the toaster and then went to pour Kelly a drink. "If I drink slow he won't be able to refill my glass as frequently... I'll be alright if I can get away with drinking less than I did at yesterday's breakfast" Kelly told herself as she tried to blot out the sound of water pouring into the drinking glass like a waterfall. It was like Will was purposely dragging the sound out as long as he could just to torment her. Kelly was quite surprised then when Will placed not one, but 3 large glasses of water in front of her, with the same mischievous look in his eyes.

"I figured I'd save you the trouble of having to ask for refills" Will said in answer to Kelly's confusion. Kelly wasn't fooled for a second by Will's 'generosity'. The look in Will's eyes said the real message, daring Kelly to complain that it was too much to drink in her extremely desperate state, with 48 hours worth of boiling piss sloshing around in her bladder.

A war went off in Kelly's mind over how to react to Will's challenge. The sensible part of Kelly wanted to balk at Will's challenge, knowing it would make the wait for the ice to melt even harder, and her need for the key even more urgent. But the stubborn part of Kelly reminded her that she had brought this desperate plight onto herself for a reason. She couldn't hope to best Zora's iron bladder without the difficult practice Will's challenges were giving her.

Despite how near Kelly felt to losing even her considerable control over her iron bladder, the pride and stubbornness won out again. Kelly refused to balk at Will's latest challenge. Instead she slowly took a large sip from one of the glasses, and managed to smirk at Will. "I know what you're thinking Will..." Kelly drawled out patiently as she squirmed around in her seat. "You're thinking that I'm so desperate after 2 whole days without peeing a drop... that I'm going to piss myself in this seat before I can finish these glasses of water".

"If it's too much water for you, you can always leave the glasses untouched" Will said coyly. His eyes said the rest of the message, how they both knew Kelly's arch-rival would never cut back on her drinking, not even if she was nearly pissing herself like Kelly was. Hence, if Kelly didn't empty all 3 large glasses of water, it would be an admission that her iron bladder was only the second best.

"You think one little accident at the beach will suddenly leave me cautious about drinking too much water Will?" Kelly asked scornfully. "A cautious girl doesn't lock herself into her jeans, and then tell her boyfriend to keep her away from the toilet as long as she can still hold it". The tent in Will's boxer shorts shut up excitedly as Kelly took another sip from one of the glasses, while smiling lustfully at him.

Despite her outward bravery, in the back of her mind, Kelly knew she was potentially playing with fire. The glasses were quite large, and she and her iron bladder were getting quite exhausted from holding it for so long. But the knowledge that she only had to play with fire for another hour or two at most before the ice melted and she had the key gave Kelly comfort that it would all be over soon. Kelly could afford to be more reckless when she knew how near she was to being able to use the toilet at long last.

Will made sure to give Kelly a few more large glasses of water over the next two hours. Part of Kelly desperately wanted to turn them all down. She knew any sane person in her situation would turn the drinks down. But Kelly stubbornly drank all the drinks Will offered her anyway out of pride, and to prove how tough she was to William and herself. The key frozen in the block of ice was constantly in the back of Kelly's mind as she fought to keep her pent up boiling piss contained for just a little longer. She couldn't let her bladder of steel fail her now, not when she had come so far already, and was so near being able to use the toilet.

Eventually 8 AM finally rolled around, making it 50 hours since Kelly had last peed. With the anticipation of finally being able to pee soon so near Kelly had gotten increasingly frantic as she fidgeted around in her seat. "It's got to be melted by now, it's got to!" Kelly worriedly thought as she hobbled out of her seat to check on the key. Kelly's worry quickly turned to joy and relief when she saw that the ice had finally melted enough for her to easily grab the key.

"Oh thank god! I can finally frigging pee now!" Kelly moaned loudly as she grabbed the key before Will could think of snatching it away from her. The key was ice cold to the touch, which sent shivers down Kelly's exhausted iron bladder. But Kelly didn't hesitate at all, she practically rammed the key into the keyhole on her jean's padlock. Or rather she tried to, but the key didn't seem to want to fit into the keyhole.

Will, standing back a few steps, eagerly watching his desperate girlfriend, only smiled as Kelly and her nervous hands continued to struggle with the key. "How long will it take her to realize that it's not the right key" he wondered silently. He could scarcely believe that Kelly had bought his bluff about the real key being frozen in ice in the first place.

In truth, Will hadn't believed that Kelly could really keep holding it until the ice melted. He also didn't want to force Kelly to wear her wet jeans for hours until the ice melted, that seemed unnecessarily cruel even for him. Will was amazed that Kelly had survived the double date, and then the night, and now a long breakfast with plenty to drink, all without losing it and completely pissing herself.

At the time Will had told himself that if Kelly somehow lasted until the ice melted that he would relent and hand her the real key to her padlock, which was sitting in his pocket. But now he wasn't so sure about that. The thought of making Kelly continue to hold on, and on, until she really couldn't hold it any longer was very tempting, it stiffened his cock just thinking about it. The caring part of him wanted to give his poor girl a much needed break and allow her to pee. But the spoiled rich jerk in him wanted to make his arrogant girl wait even longer, and tell her that he was just doing what she asked him to do. Will's hand rubbed up against the key in his pocket as he pondered his options.

Kelly meanwhile, too engrossed by the temptation to escape her jeans and pee remained oblivious to Will's deceit, as she continued to try desperately to open her jean's padlock. Touching the ice cold key was torture on Kelly's bladder, but she refused to put it down. She had to get out of these damn tight jeans so that she could pee! So Kelly grit her teeth, and continued to squirm her legs around more franticly as she tried desperately to open her padlock. "Why am I having so much damn trouble getting this fucking key to fit in the damn keyhole when I need it most!" she snarled in frustration. Her squirming was one of the sexist things Will had ever seen, the devil on Will's shoulder began to win out.

"Steady your hands a bit Kelly, it's not going to fit if you keep shaking around like that" Will suggested. There was a hint of mischief in his voice, and an evil look in his eyes, but Kelly remained too hyper-focused on trying to get the padlock open to notice.

"What the hell do you think I'm trying to do Will!" Kelly practically yelled at him as she kept fumbling around with the key. "Come on damn it! I need to pee! I need to frigging pee already! I've been holding it forever!" she moaned, much to Will's delight.

It was only then, when Kelly finally glanced at Will and saw the mischievous delight on his face that she finally realized something wasn't right. "What did you do to my fucking key Will!" she yelled, half furious, half frantic.

"Ok, I may have put a fake key in the ice, and kept the real one in my pocket" Will admitted gleefully as he pulled an identical looking key out of his pocket.

"You Bastard!" Kelly muttered as she angrily threw the fake key to the floor. She would have tried to snatch the real key from Will's hands, but she had to grip her pussy for dear life instead as her boiling piss tried desperately to escape through her exhausted pee hole.

"I can't believe you fell for my bluff the entire time Kelly" Will chuckled. "You didn't think I'd let you get at the real key so easily, and pee before you were really at your limits, did you Kelly?".

Kelly, furious at Will's deception, and having regained a bit of control over her bladder, tried to snatch the key from his hand. But Will was quicker and taller than her, so he easily held the key out of her reach. "Damn it Will! Give me that frigging key! I need it now!" Kelly demanded as she desperately gripped her pussy again to keep the flood at bay.

"No." Will cruelly answered without hesitation. "You said I should push you to your absolute limits before I let you pee Kelly. Even though you've already lasted 50 hours without a pee, I don't think you're at your limit yet Kelly. I think you're strong and stubborn enough that you can still hold it all day".

"Will! I'm about to pee myself if I don't get out of these damn tight jeans!" Kelly protested. Kelly was tempted to try to grab and wrestle the key from Will's hands again, but she knew she'd never succeed at it, not with her bladder this damn full. "Come on Will! I haven't peed in forever! At least let me get out of these damn tight jeans! They're making it so much worse!" Kelly begged.

Will remained unmoved, he pocketed the real key and shook his head. "We both know you'll run straight to the toilet if I open your padlock and let you out of your jeans Kelly" Will replied patiently. "I could lock the bathroom door" he added before Kelly could reply, "but then you'd probably hurry to pee in the backyard, or in a bucket or something". Kelly groaned, she had been thinking of those exact alternates if Will blocked her from getting to the toilet. "Besides, you'll thank me later when you beat Zora thanks to my help training you. I'm just keeping things as realistic as possible as a rematch against your arch-rival would be for you. Just think of how smug you'll feel if Zora pisses herself and you can keep on holding it for several more hours".

Kelly seethed in fury for a moment, her hands still rammed into her crotch. "Damn it Will! Fine! I'll try to wait even longer!" Kelly yelled, knowing Will wasn't going to back down. A large bulge in his pants confirmed just how much the devil in Will was enjoying being able to continue to deny Kelly a badly needed pee. She knew that the knowledge that she had already held it for the last 50 hours only added to how much Will was enjoying it. The same knowledge that she had held it for the last 50 hours, and she wouldn't be getting the long awaited pee that she had been expecting made Kelly's exhausted bladder almost give up in despair. All the boiling pent up piss that had been corked up for the last 2 days tried with a renewed urgency to escape, but Kelly's exhausted sphincter muscle managed to keep the flood back, for now.

By now Kelly was seriously regretting her impulsive decision to give Will the key. Even without the bulge of his erect cock, and the grin on his face, Kelly would have known full well that Will was enjoying her desperate & agonizing plight. It's why she would have normally been smart enough not to give him the power to make her hold it for however long he pleased. "I should have never given him that damn key" Kelly thought far too late. "Too late for that regret now. All I can do is hope I can somehow hold it until he finally relents and gives me the damn key!".

Kelly's desperate squirming increased tenfold throughout the rest of the morning as she struggled to hold on, hoping Will would soon relent and give her the real key. But even knowing just how out of her mind Kelly was in unimaginable desperation, Will refused to let up the difficulty on her. He kept offering Kelly a number of drinks as time slowly dragged on. Kelly, too stubborn and prideful to refuse the drinks after coming so far, kept drinking them, no matter how badly her massive rock hard bladder complained. The tight jeans she was trapped in only got tighter yet, as her massively distended bladder filled even more, but had no room to expand. Her jean's waistband grinded harshly into her exhausted and distended bladder, but Kelly managed to keep the hot steaming piss corked up inside for the moment.

By noon Kelly was certain that she must have drank close to a gallon of additional fluids in the last four hours. Despite her best efforts, Kelly knew she was beginning to inevitably lose the battle that had been brewing for the last two and a half days in her iron bladder. All those gallons of hot steaming piss Kelly had held back for the last 54 hours were really starting to wear down her exhausted bladder by now.

Kelly tried crossing and double crossing her legs. She tried gripping her crotch with both hands, and ramming her fists into her pussy. She tried sitting on her heels, one and two at a time. She tried fidgeting and squirming around in every way she could think of. She tried only making slow and careful movements to avoid jostling her aching bladder too much. She tried pulling at the waistband of her tight jeans to give her massively distended bladder a bit of extra room to expand. None of it seemed to help her anymore. Kelly knew she simply HAD to pee, and quite soon, before her exhausted bladder took matters into its own hands.

But Will still refused to give her the key and let her pee. Kelly for her part stubbornly refused out of pride to beg him for the key, no matter how badly she knew she needed it. "He's horny as hell watching me bursting to pee. He'll unlock me soon so that he can fuck me. He loves fucking me when my bladder is really full, then he'll let me pee once we finish" Kelly told herself. In truth Kelly was getting quite aroused herself at her own desperate plight, and how far Will was taking it. The thought of Will fucking her in this desperate state sounded like fun, especially with her G-spot so sensitive already from her full bladder.

But as the clock dragged on past noon Kelly began to worry in the back of her mind that she wouldn't be able to hold on until Will's lust overpowered him. She was so desperate to pee already, but Will seemed no closer to letting her go then he had been a few hours ago. Kelly began to slow down her drinking, and get more hesitant whenever Will offered her another glass of water, or can of soda to drink. "Maybe I should turn the next one down" Kelly began to worry as the clock struck 1 PM and she finished her glass of water.

As if reading the hesitation in her body language, Will was ready for her attempts to protest when he grabbed her another can of soda. "I know it's been really difficult for you to keep holding it Kelly with all the drinks I've been giving you, especially when you haven't been able to pee in such a long time. But guess what, your arch-rival Zora won't show you any mercy in a rematch, so neither should I if you ever want to beat her".

"I can hold it... as long as you can stand... not ripping me out of these jeans and fucking my brains out" Kelly replied half strained, half lustfully, as she squirmed around in her seat. Kelly noted Will's cock was already clearly erect underneath his pants. He wanted to fuck her just as much as she wanted him to fuck her, so she kept going. "Even with 55 hour's worth of hot steaming piss inside me... I can take you thrusting that thing in and out of me. I'd ask you to be gentle on my poor throbbing little bladder when you take me... but we both know you're never gentle when I tell you to be... yet I still look forward to it". She smiled lustfully for added emphasis.

Kelly's lustful offer was tempting to Will. In truth it had taken him a lot of restraint the last few hours not to take Kelly into the shower, help her strip naked, and fuck her right there under the running water. She was so darn sexy sitting on her heel, gripping her pussy with both hands, squirming like crazy in her seat. The way she hadn't even bothered to comb her long and now messy blonde hair this morning, and the distress visible in her bright blue eyes, only made her sexier by showing just how bad off her bladder situation really was. Will had little doubt that Kelly knew exactly what she was doing, hoping that it would get him to open her padlock. Kelly was used to being able to flash her body the right way at the guys to get what she wanted. Will often gave her what she wanted when she turned on the feminine charm, but not this time.

"That's great babe. We'll see if you still feel that way after you finish this can of soda" Will replied casually as he opened it and handed it to her.

Kelly couldn't hide the disappointment and hopelessness in her eyes at Will's response. Another can of soda wasn't what she wanted or needed. "Of all the damn times for him to resist my feminine charm why does he have to pick now!" Kelly fumed in her head. But even then, Kelly's stubborn pride made her refuse to beg for mercy, or for the key to the padlock. No matter how desperate she was to pee by now, Kelly didn't care if Will would take pity on her and let her pee if she begged. She refused to bend her pride by begging to be allowed to pee like a weak bladdered girl. "As... you wish dearest" Kelly muttered as she forced herself to take a quick sip of yet more soda that her desperately throbbing bladder didn't need.

By 2 PM Kelly found herself sitting on the loveseat beside Will, pretending to watch some TV with him. In truth, Kelly had no idea what they were actually watching. Her full focus was on the battle waging within her bursting bladder, a battle she knew she was going to lose soon thanks to her tight jeans. Her bladder desperately needed room to expand after she had drank over a gallon and a half of additional fluids today. But her tight jeans ruthlessly refused to give her rock hard bladder bulge the needed room.

Instead they did the opposite, ruthlessly pressing on her bulging rock hard bladder like a strong fist. But even if her bladder had the room to expand Kelly wasn't sure if she could hold on for much longer anyway. Her heavy load of boiling piss had been corked up inside her bladder for 56 long hours by now. It had been too long since Kelly had been able to pee, much too long even for her iron bladder. Several waves of desperation flooded over Kelly every few seconds, each one felt like it could be the straw that finally broke the camel's bladder. Kelly struggled to jam anything she could up against her pee hole to help her hold it, her fists, her heels, anything.

Part of Kelly desperately wanted to just give into the unbearable desperate urge to pee at long last, especially knowing she wouldn't be able to put it off for much longer anyway. But the other part of Kelly, heavily aroused by her plight and the G-spot stimulation her full bladder was giving her, wanted to keep holding it as long as she could.

A couple of minutes later it finally happened, her exhausted bladder just couldn't hold it back any longer. Despite how Kelly clutched madly at her vagina to stem the flow, dribbles and large squirts began to get past her exhausted sphincter. Kelly's face turned beet red in embarrassment as she let out a gasp, which instantly drew Will's attention to the growing wet patch on her jeans. With her last reserves of strength Kelly managed to stop the leak after a few seconds, but she knew the dribbles and squirts would resume momentarily.

"Will! Give me the fucking key! I can't hold it anymore!" Kelly demanded frantically. The growing wet patch running down her jeans was plainly obvious now.

Will reacted much quicker then Kelly expected, he was instantly on his feet pulling out the key to her padlock. "You managed to avoid springing a leak a lot longer than I thought Kelly, I'm so proud of you. I bet your arch-rival Zora couldn't last 56 hours without losing a drop of pee like you just did" Will said in his usual charming manner as he finally opened and removed the padlock for Kelly.

With the padlock off, Kelly tried to frantically rip her jeans off, only to realize they were still buttoned shut at the top. Kelly lost another large squirt of piss as she frantically unbuttoned her jeans as fast as her panicked hands could.

"Will! I don't think I can make it to the toilet!" Kelly moaned as her legs grew moister from a steady leak of urine. Her bladder's sphincter was just too exhausted to hold the flood in any longer.

"Already prepared for that Kelly" Will replied with surprising calm as he grabbed a nearby empty trash bin. "Here, you can pee in this Kelly" Will urged as he shoved the trash bin in front of her.

At the same time Kelly managed to unbutton her jeans enough to rip them and her soaking wet panties off, which caused the next squirt of piss she lost to land right on the carpet floor. With her jeans off, Kelly wasted no time squatting over the trash bin and unleashing her torrent of piss into it. The feeling of finally getting relief after nearly 2 and a half days of being denied it was heavenly for Kelly, like getting an orgasm but even better. Kelly's waterfall of piss went on and on for nearly 8 and a half minutes. Kelly began to worry that she would overflow the trash bin, until she finally ran out of pee to expel.

"Not the way I was expecting to take my pee when I gave you the key... but thanks for your quick thinking Will" Kelly said gracefully as she enjoyed the feeling of finally having an empty bladder again. "I never thought I would be able to hold it for nearly 2 and a half days. I look forward to reclaiming my bladder queen title from that black haired bitch in our rematch".

"I'm sure you will Kelly... provided you keep on letting me help you practice like you did this time" Will replied with a grin.

"Well, if my 'coach' is up to it then sure, how can I ever refuse after those results?" Kelly replied with a smile. "Except next time I'll wear something much looser on a full bladder then those jeans. Maybe a loose pair of shorts like what I'd actually wear if I went camping".

Alternate Ending

A couple of minutes later it finally happened, her exhausted bladder just couldn't hold it back any longer. Despite how Kelly clutched madly at her vagina to stem the flow, dribbles and large squirts began to get past her exhausted sphincter. Kelly's face turned beet red in embarrassment as she let out a gasp, which instantly drew Will's attention to the growing wet patch on her jeans. With her last reserves of strength Kelly managed to stop the leak after a few seconds, but she knew the dribbles and squirts would resume momentarily.

"Will! Give me the fucking key! I can't hold it anymore!" Kelly demanded frantically. The growing wet patch running down her jeans was plainly obvious now.

Will reacted much quicker then Kelly expected, he was instantly on his feet pulling out the key to her padlock. "You managed to avoid springing a leak a lot longer than I thought Kelly, I'm so proud of you. I bet your arch-rival Zora couldn't last 56 hours without losing a drop of pee like you just did" Will said in his usual charming manner as he finally opened and removed the padlock for Kelly.

With her padlock finally off Kelly wasted no time ripping her tight jeans open, as her exhausted sphincter began to lose more dribbles. "Out of my way! I need that toilet now!" Kelly muttered as she shoved her way past Will before he had a chance to move. The wet patch on Kelly's jeans began to run down her legs as she hurried to the bathroom, with Will close behind.

Kelly wasted no time upon reaching the bathroom. She ripped her wet jeans and soaking wet panties off in one swift motion, and quickly plopped herself on the toilet seat. Then Kelly's large dribbles and squirts of pee turned into absolute torrent of piss as she finally gave into her iron bladder's demand to expel her gallons and gallons of piss. The relief after nearly 2 and a half long days of being denied it felt amazing. Will, standing just inside the bathroom watching, was amazed as he watched Kelly's torrent of piss continued to go on and on for nearly 8 and a half minutes before Kelly's bladder was finally empty.

"A few more practice sessions like that, and I think we both know whose iron bladder will come out on top when you go on that camping trip with Zora" Will announced cheerfully.

Kelly, without even saying a word, simply nodded in agreement. "He may have been so much tougher on me then my worst fears, but I can't deny how successful his 'bladder coaching' was. I never imagined I was tough enough to go this long without a pee... but now I know I can" Kelly reflected happily. "Will's right, how can me and my greatly strengthened iron bladder possibly lose a rematch against that arrogant bitch Zora now".

Kelly knew just how she would reward Will for his help, as she grabbed him by the arm and pulled him into the shower. "I'd rather have done this before I peed, but you were doing your job by not letting me go" she whispered lustfully into his ear.

===

That's it for Kelly's Regret. Maybe I'll write the sequel I hinted at in part's #2 and #3 some day, but for now I'll probably take a break from this series and work on other story ideas I've had.

*018*2018-03-15 02:25

{{On 3/13/2018 at 8:22 PM, randomkath said:

This is, hands down, the best entry into the Kelly/Zora series yet. And all the others were pretty damn amazing already.

}}

Considering there's only been 1 other story in the series (The Beach Party) that's not too hard a climb. :P

I'll agree though it was definitely better. The Beach Party ended up getting dragged out too long in my opinion, Kelly's Regret was closer to the 'right' length.

{{On 3/13/2018 at 12:17 PM, acer913 said:

Excellent. Sorry to hear the sequel might not happen at least for a while. But I look forward to reading more from you.

}}

You might not be so sorry once you see one of the stories I'm working on. Before I settled on writing Kelly's Regret I was actually trying to decide between that and several other potential stories that I wrote at least a few pages for. I liked all the ideas a lot, but Kelly's Regret was simply the one I felt I was going the best at the time, which was why I decided to focus on that instead of the others.

{{On 3/13/2018 at 12:31 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a amazing story

}}

Thanks, glad you enjoyed it.
