Stuck in the Loop

Author: Full2Bursting

*000*2025-03-05 15:14

[Author's note]

Had a fun time with this one! This will be at least a two part story series, part two will be up soon, hopefully within a week 🤞🏼

(If you have any fictional Omo requests that you would like me to write for you know that: all future requests will no longer be free. We can discuss details within a private message between you and I. Also, sending me a request does NOT mean it is a guarantee that I will write the story. I am selective with what I write simply because I don't have a lot of free time, and as much as I support you all I am limited in what I can produce.)

Regardless, I hope you enjoy ❤️ Let's get into it..

Part 1:

It was Dani's first solo field mission. She knew the rules; don't disturb the timeline, locate the file, retrieve the file...Did it involve unpredictable puzzles and complete immersion in the unknown? Sure. But Dani had been preparing under the best, her silver-haired, albeit, erratic mentor - Dr. Trace.

Dani entered the Doctor's lab for the final briefing. She wore a forest green jumpsuit, black gloves, a utility belt, and black boots. The uniform was slimming but comfortable enough, Dani thought. However she felt it was also a longer process to get suited up, or alternatively, to remove for even the simple task of going to the bathroom. Dani had actually just finished using the bathroom before entering the lab. She knew how unpredictable the mission could be, and she didn't want anything getting in the way of completing her task - even a full bladder could lead to mistakes, and while it was just a simple retrieval mission, it meant the world to Dani to get the job done and done well.

"Good morning Dr. Trace," Dani said as she walked through the lab door. The Doctor was tinkering away as he usually was, using a magnifying glass to more closely examine a corked clear bottle of what seemed to be a purple liquid. Trace looked over his glasses briefly to meet Dani's gaze, noticing her slightly raised eyebrow as she noticed the liquid. "Good morning Dani," said the Doctor, still hunched over, returning his focus to the bottle's contents. He continued, "This is how we get you there. I'm not permitted to give you too much information at this time, but this drink will activate the time gene you have."

The Doctor gave one final once over of the purple fluid. Grinning only slightly, Dani knew that even from such a small expression that Dr. Trace was pleased. He was a hard person to read, but Dani was observant by nature, and she slightly relaxed knowing that whatever was coming was constructed by the best.

Placing the special bottle down on the lab table, the Doctor then looked down and reached for two large plastic water bottles and placed them on the table as well. He continued, "Due to the nature of the time traveling activator you will be using today, it is vital that your body is already actively processing liquid. Water is the most effective and reliable method in this case. Before we begin you will need to drink these two water bottles, wait for it to be processed within your system, and then, only then, will you be able to take the first sip of the purple solution here”, Trace taking a moment to point to the special container.

Dani blinked, and slowly processed what Dr. Trace was telling her. "Okay...so, drink the water, wait, and then I can begin the time loop mission?"

"Precisely, " stated the Doctor. "I recognize that this mission might not be...," he turned away slightly, looking over his equipment, "...well to be clear, it may be very uncomfortable for you." The grey-haired

Doctor turned back to Dani. "This is all an experimental tactic to retrieve the file...you know this by now." Dani nodded, the Doctor continued, "Because you will be drinking a considerable amount of fluids for the duration of the time loop mission, there is the possibility that you will experience the effects of a full bladder for the entirety of the mission." Dani raised both her eyebrows this time, eyes widening slightly as the reality of the situation was setting in.

Dani eyed the two bottles and walked over to the edge of the table. The Doctor out of courtesy slid the regular water bottles toward Dani. "Now. This file is very important. Again...I can't share too much at the time due to the low level rank you currently have."

The uniformed Dani got a little stung by the Doctor's bluntness. But it was the truth. She still had a lot to prove. Dani looked down at the waters and accepted that a full bladder for a temporary bit of time wouldn't be the end all. She then picked up and started drinking from the first water. And soon, the second.

###

At least an hour had passed since Dani had finished both waters, and the Doctor had stepped out of the room. As soon as the door clicked behind the Doctor, Dani let out a groan. She absolutely needed to pee, her bladder felt full (and even felt like it was getting bigger and bigger by the minute).

She stepped into the corner of the room, back against the wall. Dani closed her eyes, slightly gritting her teeth at the first noticeable wave of urgency. She hated admitting she needed anything, let alone something as personal as needing to pee. Eyes closed still she crossed her legs tightly, strategically making sure the lips of her pussy were pressed together so that she could effectively keep all of her pee in.

She took a breath and opened her eyes to the bright white laboratory. Strange technological devices hummed and chirped farther back in the room. The wave of urgency subsided, and Dani allowed herself a breath as she uncrossed her legs. Still leaning against the wall, she eyed the precarious purple liquid in the bottle. The bottle itself was clear, and the liquid nearly reached the top. Her bladder felt quite full already and was already nervous about how much she had to pee, let alone drinking more. The suited up Dani started to dread an even fuller bladder before long…

Doctor Trace re-entered the lab quite urgently, pushing the door open with such force that Dani was startled, enough so that she very nearly peed in her underwear. Thankfully for Dani, she reacted quickly enough to cross her legs subtly while also consciously squeezing her pelvic floor muscles. The Doctor had walked through the Lab to his table, and had not seen Dani’s reaction, so as Trace turned to face her, Dani uncrossed her legs and stood up as normally as possible. It’s not that Dr. Trace didn’t know she most likely had to pee, but Dani wanted to appear as professional as possible to show him that she could handle the retrieval mission.

The Doctor looked over at Dani and started, “Enough time has passed for your body to be ready for the liquid activator. Your physical self of course will not be present in our timeline for the duration of the retrieval”.

The Doctor glanced from across the lab table at Dani’s waist. Dani also looked down and her cheeks grew hot. She could see a faint outline of her now bulging bladder outlined by the slimming green jumpsuit. Dani quickly looked back at the Doctor, almost about to apologize for her appearance. Before she could interject however, the Doctor continued.

“The utility belt you are wearing is equipped to bring you back to our timeline,” Dani noticing that the Doctor was only looking at the belt and not her full bladder.

The Doctor looked up at Dani’s eyes and frankly, the rosy complexion lingering on her flushed visage. “The metallic circle in the center of the belt buckle is a button. In order to prevent any accidental button activation you need to press and hold the button for five continuous seconds in order to be taken out of the loop.” Dr. Trace picked up the clear bottle and walked over to Dani on the other side of the lab. “The board has granted clearance for your time gene to be activated for the file retrieval mission. The time loop sequence will begin as soon as you swallow your first sip. If you feel you need to restart the sequence, you can simply sip and swallow the liquid to reactivate the gene and begin again. Do you have any questions before you begin your initial mission for the organization?,” the Doctor asked, steadily making eye contact with Dani as he extended the bottle.

Dani flexed her toes within her black boots and stared down at the bottle. Dani pushed her legs together ever so slightly as she bent forward to take the bottle from Trace.

“I guess my only question is…,” Dani began, fixing her eyes back at the Doctor’s. “...will anything else stop the time loop? Is the only way to end the loop sequence to press on the utility button?”

The Doctor held Dani’s gaze as he responded, “To be clear, the only way to end the time loop once activated will not only be to press the button on your belt, but to press and hold the center button for five seconds continuously.”

Dani blinked and looked away behind the Doctor and at the buzzing lab equipment. This expertly crafted concoction had taken a great deal for him to create. The file needed to be retrieved sooner rather than later. And while Dani’s bladder kept requesting it to be emptied, Dani pulled at the cork at the top of the bottle until it made a resounding “pop”. Holding the cork in one hand, the bottle in the other, Dani raised the bottle to her mouth and let the purple liquid slip past her parted lips. As the liquid hit her tongue, Doctor Trace and the lab started to become fuzzy and unclear. Dani heard the Doctor say, “Good luck Dani,” just before she swallowed the mixture. As she felt the liquid travel down her throat, Dani’s vision faded into a deep, dark black all the while feeling a desperate need to pee.

*001*2025-03-05 15:28

(Sorry for the current spacing issues in the post currently...in the editor box everything looks good, so not sure how to correct it right now.)

