Such a story

Author: fanarcw

*000*2024-01-27 01:31

Chapter first: Sneak

The morning light from the sun, which had not yet appeared from behind the roofs of the houses, began to pour into the small room, allowing one to see the details. Here is a medium-sized wardrobe with a mirror in the corner of the room, next to it is a door opposite the door, a bed standing under the window and next to it a work desk with a computer monitor, a keyboard, a mouse, stationery and a small stack of papers on it, above the table there is a shelf with books.

The whole room is decorated in subdued bed colors, so it immediately becomes clear that this is a girl’s room, but not a child’s. The clock standing on the shelf next to the bed shows 8:00 and the alarm clock rings, which makes the girl appear from under the blanket she opens her sluggish lazy eyes and reaches for the alarm clock.

The features of her young face are very beautifully emphasized by the morning light, she throws back the blanket and gets out of bed, her blond straight hair falls just below her lower back and the ends of her hair merge with the beige pajamas she is wearing, she stretches out, yawns, bends down and pulls out a pink children's potty from under the bed.

After which she pulls off her pajama pants, behind which there are no panties, sits down on this potty, despite her slender figure, it turns out to be difficult to fit on it, but she quickly finds a comfortable position and begins to urinate. The stream of her urine does not escape immediately and falls lazily onto the wall of the potty with a characteristic clicking sound. her legs are squeezed due to the tightness so that the view of this process is blocked. It doesn’t take her much time and soon after releasing the last small streams, she gets up, takes some sheet of paper from the stack on the table and uses it as toilet paper.

Then he takes the potty with its contents and the used piece of paper and goes out the door.

When she leaves and closes the door behind her, a woman’s voice is heard: “Katherine, I prepared breakfast, come down before it gets cold!” She turns in the opposite direction from the voice, walks along the hallway and at the end enters the door behind which is the bathroom. After spending some time there, she comes out with a dry potty containing several pieces of toilet paper. Entering the room, she puts it back under the bed and then goes down the stairs in the corridor to the first floor where scrambled eggs and tea are waiting for her on the table.

Having had an appetizing breakfast and chatting with her mother, who made her this breakfast, Catherine goes upstairs back to her room. Where she takes off her pajamas under which there is nothing and thinks for a long time, looking at the open closet, what should she wear, after ten minutes of thinking, she puts on a white T-shirt under which is the same white bustier and a gray cotton skirt just above the knees under which there is no underwear, going lower you can see long white ones socks. She puts a liter bottle of water, a purse, a cosmetic bag and a phone in her small black backpack.

When leaving the house, she puts on white sneakers and goes out.

It was beautiful warm and clear summer weather outside. Walking down the street to the nearest open area, Katherine meets two girls about her age, one a little shorter and the other a little taller than them, but the platforms of their shoes make it difficult to tell.

She fights with her friends with a smile. and continues his walk with them. The one below is dressed in denim shorts, sneakers, and a long yellow T-shirt, her dark hair is gathered in two short ponytails on the sides, from the conversation we understand that her name is

Lily. The one above had a red braid hanging just below her shoulders, she was dressed in a not too revealing light blue summer dress and was wearing sandals. Her name is Natalie, but her friends shortened it to Nat. Our heroine left her hair down.

The friends walked slowly, chatted happily and laughed periodically. During this walk,

Katherine drank the entire one-liter bottle of water little by little. Soon the friends reached a small coffee shop where they decided to sit and ordered a cup of latte. They continued the cheerful conversation and, just as they were about to leave, Lily said that she needed to go to the restroom. Nat replied that she wanted to too and they both left for a couple of minutes. At this time, Katherine bought another liter of soda and started drinking it.

After walking a little more, the friends said goodbye and went their separate ways. After checking the time on her phone, Catherine quickly drank the remaining soda, threw away the bottle and quickened her pace.

Fifteen minutes later she reached her destination, the cinema. Standing not far from him and crossing her legs, she quickly checked the time on her phone again and, looking around, quickly went around the corner. there, she went behind the trash container and turned to face the wall opposite from the container, lifted her skirt, slightly spread her legs and bent over almost 90 degrees, showing the wall behind her her well-groomed crotch.

Looking around again, she slightly noticeably moves her whole body and begins to pee. Her thin stream with a murmuring sound hits the wall and, spreading along it, flows down to the ground to form a puddle. Katherine exhales with relief and even closes her eyes for the moment, but remembering where it is, it immediately opens back up. She stays in this position for about 30 seconds, after which, forming a large puddle underneath her and leaving a large wet spot on the wall, she straightens up and looks around again and leaves.

Having entered the cinema market, she immediately goes and buys a ticket towards the end of the hall for a 3-hour film, which will be shown in 5 minutes, and then immediately goes to the buffet and buys two large glasses, one with juice and the other with soda, silently, but so that she can hear The salesperson considers what her friend would like before asking for a soda. With two large glasses, she enters the hall and takes her place, the seats in this cinema consist of very large and dense orange pillows on a folding frame, Katrie sits comfortably in her chair and places the glasses in their places in the armrests.

The film she chose is not very popular and it is working hours so the hall was quite empty,

There was not a single person sitting in her row. While waiting for the film to start, she began to drink juice, and when she drank about half of the juice, the light turned off and the film began. After about ten minutes it was over, but she was starting to feel nauseous from the amount she had drunk, so she didn’t immediately switch to soda.

After about fifteen minutes, the soda began to empty. At the same time, she began to fidget slightly in her chair. Having finished about half of the soda, she resolutely put it aside. Her fidgeting became stronger and, looking around a little, she began to act.

The fact is that back in midвle school, Katherine once spilled soda in the movie theater on a chair, but it absorbed everything, which surprised her, then they bought her a new one, which is why by the middle of the film, despite the fact that she went to the toilet before the start, she wanted pee very hard, but the movie was very interesting to her.

And then the idea came to her that the chair could absorb her urine, but it was too embarrassing to wet herself, in the end she gave up and ran to the toilet, she barely managed to make it in time when she could relieve herself, there was already a noticeable yellow stain on her white panties.

Now she was not wearing panties at all, but she clearly had no intention of leaving the hall. She looked around and made sure that the darkness hid her well, the zeta stood up slightly and removed the back of her skirt, which was located between her butt and the seat. When she sat back down, she took a slightly unnatural pose, straightening her back strongly, leaning forward slightly and sticking her butt back. And after about 10 seconds, a sound barely audible only to her was heard: “sssssssssss...”.

There was a clear expression of relief, pleasure and possibly excitement on her face. She spent almost a minute in this position, after which she relaxed and leaned back in the chair. After a minute she pretended to drop something and checked whether it was dry under the chair and was very glad that it was able to absorb all the contents of her full bladder.

Five minutes later, she quietly moved to a nearby dry chair and continued drinking soda. About halfway through the film she needed to relieve herself again. And again in the same way and again moved to the next chair after her business.

At the end of the film, even without feeling a strong desire, she still peed in the chair again so that she wouldn’t have to do it on the way home, and when the film soon ended, she got up and calmly left the hall, then left the cinema and headed back home.

The sun was approaching sunset and happy Katherine walked home admiringly. Otherwise, somewhere deep down she was ashamed.

