Tatiana - The bladder examination (part 2)

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-12 01:44

We were having lunch in the sauna, my salad is really tasty,Tatiana said. My bouncer was also very tasty, I said. I want to show you something Tatiana and took the book with the drawings of the project from my bag. Tatiana, who was not wearing anything, asked for an explanation of what she saw. I'll tell you Tatiana, I said. I made drawings of the “Swimming Paradise” on the computer with a special program. Everything in the style of Monica's restaurant. They were nice animations that have the right dimensions.

Oh, nice Tatiana said, I also see a jumping tower. Yes, I said, I want as many water sports as possible in the Swimming Paradise. What kind of a big aquarium is that Rob. That's a pool for mermaids to perform in. The intention is to make a terrace around it so that guests can watch a mermaid show. Synchronized swimming competitions can also be held. The public can then not only see what happens above water, but also underwater. You don't see that very often, Tatiana said. And what kind of building is this?

In this building it is possible to learn cave and wreck diving. There will be instructors. A big advantage is that you can learn to dive wreck and cave without the dangers you encounter in the open water. You've thought it all out nicely, Rob. But that project costs a lot of money.

Yes that's true, I said. That is why I also have to look for local investors. I think about 10 million euros is needed to complete the project, I replied. Meanwhile, Tatiana was shuffling her naked body in her chair. I spoke further, I might be able to look for national or European investors for the aquarium where the synchronized swimming competitions are also held. But I still have to find most of the money locally and regionally. But I don't speak or read Croatian. When I receive an email, I have google translate translate it. Superficially I know what it says, but when the project gets more serious, I want to know exactly what it says. I need an interpreter for that, but for the negotiations I also need someone I trust. Most of it will be in English, right? That's true, but there are plenty of local parties that speak poor English. The local language is also often spoken in the workplace.

So basically I'm looking for someone I trust, who speaks Croatian, is financially savvy and feels involved in the project. It's going to be a long search, Tatiana said, rubbing her hand over her bladder. Rob I really need to pee now. I see that but knowing you you can hold it in for a while. Would you like something to drink? It's nice of you to ask, I'd like a tea. I called the waitress and asked for a tea and a coffee. I continued with my story. Actually, I was thinking of you Tatiana, our outlook on life fits well together and we get along well. Yes, Tatiana said, I think we should actually get married. Yes yes, and then have sex with the neighbor, I joked. Well I'd like to have sex with your neighbor too, said Tatiana, who had been teased by her full bladder.

But it seems to me to be a very nice challenge to do something with the Croatian language. In fact, it is much more than that. But what am I going to do with my barber shop and then do I have to move. I do have a lot of questions to think about. But I'm excited about the idea. You still have a few months to think about it. I may call on you a few times, I said. That's no problem Rob, you know that.

Shall we go for another round in the sauna or do you want to go home already? I doubt myself because my bladder is so full, Tatiana replied. Still, I'd like it if you hold up your morning pee for me, I said cautiously. No, no and no more, she answered definitively. My bladder fills up so quickly in the morning that it's really torture for me, you saw that last time.

By the way, next week you can go to the hospital again, then you can experience once again how unfriendly it makes me. It really hurts Rob and I am ashamed to have an accident as a 30 year old woman. I went into it carefully. I understand that you feel uncomfortable with a full bladder among all kinds of strange people. Then you lie there with your femininity open on a bed and a stranger rubs your bladder. You're afraid your sphincter muscles will give out and you piss under anything a stranger is around. Yes said, Tatiana I'm glad you understand. I don't care at that point if the doctor is a man or a woman, it's a strange person looking inside my pussy and torturing my bladder. No Rob, just thinking about it makes me nervous for next week.

But I'm not a strange person to you anyway. Tell me, for I have not yet seen or touched your body. I think we've done everything together except for the fucking. That we don't fuck is because you're a lesbian and I'm straight. The fact that we haven't done it yet shows that we have a lot of trust and respect for each other. I could have done anything with you long ago. You put your life in my hands a few times during our underwater parties. You really want it, don't you, Rob, you make such a big plea. Speaking of big, I see "little Rob" growing too. Bitch, I said smiling and yes I definitely want to because I like to see you really uncomfortable for once. If you fill your bladder after you pee in the morning, you will enjoy it yourself. To a certain extent it is Rob, but afterwards I also feel uncomfortable but in a different way than when I am not allowed to pee in the morning.

But you don't mind if I'm in a lot of pain, she said. Yes, that's difficult, I replied. I find it exciting when you feel uncomfortable when you need to pee but I can't help your pain.

Yes yes, you know how to tell it all well Rob. Okay I want to do it for you once, you should know that I do it one hundred percent for you because I don't enjoy it at all myself.

Pff, women I thought, what can they whine. I let her talk and listen no further. Rob can I have a drink and then we can go home. I feel my bladder huge in my stomach because it is really full. Good idea, I said and put the photo book back in my bag. Shall we go to the relaxation room, I asked. We lay next to each other on the recliner and the background music made us a little sleepy. I saw Tatiana's breasts rise and fall calmly and my gaze drifted down. She had a big bump just below her belly button. Her bladder is quite full, I thought. What a beautiful body she has and I would love to fuck her once. You can fantasize, but now I'd like to go home Rob, Tatiana said. It seemed like she could read my mind.

We walked to the showers and rinsed off. The clattering water did its job as Tatiana was fighting to pinch herself. I really need to pee Rob. We got dressed and walked to the car. The road was very bumpy and Tatiana had pain after pain in her bladder. She bit her lip to keep from screaming. When we got home she quickly undressed. I could see from her face that she was having a hard time but she was enjoying it. We walked to the bedroom and I threw her on the bed. I started fingering and kissing her and within minutes Tatiana tensed all her muscles and had her first orgasm. I went ahead and started squeezing her breasts firmly as well. She didn't like this but she let me go and I came too. What a pity I can't fuck you, I said. You have enough friends who like to do it with you. That is true but what is not allowed is what I prefer. She started kissing me deeply again. We lay panting next to each other. We got up and after washing myself I went home.

It was around 8:00 AM when Tatiana woke up. She felt her bladder fill up quickly from the water she had drunk the previous day. She always drinks a lot of water to keep her body clean. Her body was her most important possession and she takes care of it. She sports a lot and always takes good care of herself. Today is the day her bladder and pussy are checked. She does it voluntarily because she wants to know if her bladder is still healthy. It costs a lot of money, but she is happy to pay for it. She doesn't like that she has to skip her morning pee.

She felt her bladder fill up. In half an hour Rob will come and then he will go to the hospital. She had to hurry and quickly got into the shower and washed. When she rubbed the washcloth over her bladder she had to stop quickly because she almost pressed her pee out. She quickly put her legs together and squeezed hard. Her bladder settled down but Tatiana had been warned.

After drying herself, she put on her underwear. The panties and bra were the same color and made of quality fabric. She stood in front of the mirror and tucked her breasts into her bra. That looks fine she thought to herself, too bad my bladder is so swollen because otherwise I would see my muscular belly better. She put on her leggings and her white T-shirt. The leggings accentuated her ass and legs but were not too tight on her full bladder. She really hated skipping her morning pee. Because her bladder filled so quickly, she couldn't get used to the enormous pressure that was created. She would like to go to the toilet now, but she still had to wait. It started to hurt and Tatiana knew what to expect. Her full bladder that is normally her friend is now her enemy.

Ding dong, rang the doorbell and Tatiana hurried to the door. We have to go Rob because I really need to pee. Good morning too, I replied and gave her a kiss. We got in the car and drove off. It was busy because everyone went to work. Rob can't drive you through because I have to empty my bladder.

You know what it is with you Tatiana, you're all raising yourself to get your way. There is no woman who can tolerate a full bladder so badly. A woman can hardly bear it because she has to do something against her will. Oh, so I'm sitting here trying to fix it, she said briskly. Actually yes, I replied, it's in the woman's genes. Always wanting to get their way and when that doesn't work they get frustrated. You're crazy Rob, if you had as much in your bladder as I do now you'd be crying in pain. I won't deny that, but the fact remains that you are more frustrated with having to do something against your will than with the pain. Look how little girls do that with their daddy. They want to have something and start playing their father with their eyes. If that doesn't work, the world is too small. If it does work, then the father will have a problem for the rest of his life. Rob, you talk bullshit you know that? Do you really think I was playing my father with my eyes to get my way?

I took the exit and pulled into the driveway of the hospital. We're here, I said. Will I get an answer now, she asked irritated. I looked at her, she was sitting tight in the chair with her legs tight together. Both her hands pressed hard against her pee hole to keep everything in. Her nipples were poking through her T-shirt and I could see her grim face as she was fighting hard not to lose her morning pee.

I decided to add some more fuel to the fire. I don't think so, Tatiana, I'm sure. Every woman has done that as a little girl and often they got their way. That's not bad or good it's just nature. You really are an asshole Rob, I sit here with all my strength squeezing my bladder and in pain like a carpenter hitting his thumb. And you casually say that I'm posing because I used to give my father a nice look. GGrr, what a huge asshole you are sometimes. She was angry, very angry I had rarely seen her so angry. Inwardly I was laughing and could hardly hide it, but I felt sorry for her. It was inevitable that she felt her bladder strongly and that she felt very unhappy. The thought that a strange person will soon look into her femininity and at the same time torture her bladder made her very insecure.

We entered the waiting room where several women were sitting with their legs firmly crossed, waiting for their examination. For me this is Valhalla, I said to Tatiana. She looked at me savagely how angry she was. But most of all she was frustrated with the pain in her bladder because she is so full. And then someone else is going to press it, too, while I'm laying on that bed with my legs apart. If that goes wrong, there's a jet coming out of my pussy that the fire brigade is jealous of. She had to laugh a little through her anger. Her name was called and she bent over into the locker room. Oh, she's mad at Rob. But she could forgive him because he is a man and they are sometimes so rude. There was also a little voice in her head that said, is he perhaps a little right? She pushed that little voice away and looked at her bladder. It stuck out huge and her pussy ached from squeezing.

The doctor knocked on the door as a sign that she could proceed further. It was a woman, she introduced herself and the doctor asked Tatiana if her bladder is full. Tatiana was shocked by what she felt, she was extremely sexually attracted to this woman. Yes, doctor my bladder is completely full and would like to be emptied. She felt a flush of color in her face. Then I'll hurry, said the doctor kindly. Just lie on the bed and put your legs in the purses. Tatiana lay down on the bed and put her legs in the stirrups as the doctor had asked. She felt uneasy and calm at the same time as the doctor looked into her pussy. The doctor gently rubbed her pee hole and reflexively Tatiana squeezed her sphincters even harder than she already did. The doctor saw Tatiana's swollen clitoris but said nothing about it. Tatiana knew her clitoris was swollen and it made her feel shy.

Sit down on the chair and you can pee on my signal, the doctor said. Tatiana sat down and at the doctor's signal she immediately started to urinate. The flow meter was almost at maximum and 1725cc came out of her bladder. Do you often have that much pee in your bladder Tatiana, the doctor asked. Tatiana colored, she couldn't say that normally a full bladder makes her horny. Ehh only in the morning when I wake up, my bladder fills very quickly from the much water I drank the day before. But there was 1725 cc in your bladder, the doctor said. This does not happen automatically and requires training. I am a hairdresser, Tatiana said, and I work alone in the shop and sometimes I have to wait longer so as not to leave the customers alone in the shop.

The doctor gave Tatiana a piece of paper to dry off her pussy and asked her to sit back on the bed. She went over Tatiana's bladder again with the device, who didn't mind a lot this time.

The doctor took another look inside Tatiana's pussy and touched Tatiana's swollen clitoris with her finger. She reacted immediately and her nipples became rock hard. The doctor also noticed that Tatiana's strong abdominal muscles tightened. She rubbed Tatiana's swollen clitoris one more time. And Tatiana started to turn her buttocks. The doctor stopped and made Tatiana stand up.

Everything is working fine, the doctor said with a laugh, examining the printout the scanner had made. You didn't leave a drop in your bladder and the flow meter was almost at maximum when you urinated. The capacity of your bladder is 1725cc and your sexual points are responding well. You are a healthy strong woman who takes good care of her body Tatiana, the doctor said. But be careful not to overfill your bladder too often because that is unhealthy.

Relieved, Tatiana walked to the locker room and got dressed. And has everything gone well, I asked her when she came walking towards me, I am as healthy as a fish, she said relieved. That's good to hear, I said. I'm really busy with the new project today so if you don't mind I'll take you right home and drive on. That's good, Tatiana said, because I have to work in the shop again this afternoon. I drove to her house after she got out, I drove on. It was a beautiful experience but I had never seen Tatiana so angry. Smiling I looked in the rear view mirror, life is beautiful but you have to make something of it, I thought and drove on to my house.

