My story - or how I ended up in the washing machine

Author: Flush

*000*2016-04-20 17:22

There are many narrative voices a writer can use to create a story, and finding the right point of view for each individual piece of fiction can be vital. Many stories are told in a third person, a first person, or even a second person point of view - well, I tried to do it a little different this time, and I hope I got away with my idea. The next story is about a girl named Ella, told from a panties point of view;

Disclaimer: This story contains female desperation and public wetting.

- - MY STORY - OR HOW I ENDED UP IN THE WASHING MACHINE - -

The day had started like any other; there I was, comfortably lying in the center of Ella's underwear drawer with my fellow panties, right in between the summer socks and the push-up bra's. A few minutes ago, the sound of running water in the shower had awoken me, and I wondered how late it was; probably somewhere in the afternoon, because small bright rays of sunlight were shining through the cracks in the drawer front.

Not that it truly surprised me; in the last couple of days, I had noticed that Ella had entirely skipped her usual routine of picking up a pair of fresh panties in the morning - maybe she was enjoying a summer break from school - just a guess. Anyway, we had yet to see her that day, but I knew that that was about to change, as I heard someone pushing the shower curtain aside.

A few moments later, my assumptions were confirmed as I admired Ella opening the drawer, butt naked, wearing nothing but a towel that was draped around her long wavy chestnut hair. If you had been there, I'm sure that you would have agreed that the view was breathtaking; as the head of the school volleyball team, Ella had a stunning body. Ella's legs were smooth as butter, looking more fragile as they were in reality - only her muscular thighs revealed that she was quite the athletic type. Her buttocks were soft, firm and round, and from behind, you could see the perfect symmetric form of her genitalia. But the prime of her beauty were in no doubt her large breasts; she was gifted with a 75C rack, hanging loosely above her toned waist as she bent over to pick her underwear out of the drawer.

And then - a glorious moment - out of all the panties in the drawer, she picked me. And at that very moment, I knew that this was going to be a special day. You see, I was Ella’s ‘lucky panties’ - the pair that she exclusively wore on unusual outings. I was there on her last exam in highschool, I was there on her graduation party, I was there on her first date with a boy, and I was there on the night she lost her virginity - oops - that’s all you will hear from me; good panties don’t kiss and tell.

Before I could say goodbye to my fellow panties, Ella unfolded me and pulled me over her butter smooth legs - a feeling that I enjoyed more than anything in the world. I could feel my fabric stretching over her firm ass cheeks, and I snuggled her pubic mound firmly. As it turned out, Ella had shaved her most intimate parts entirely - I could caress every shape of her most personal and private area, my fabric clinging tightly to the outline of her vulva.

She walked to her room bare-breasted, with her bra dangling in her hand, and picked a summer dress with a floral print out of her closet. The piece of clothing was just perfect for me; if she had chosen a pair of jeans instead, my day would have been dark, but now, I could peek from under her dress and see wherever she went. Oh, how I looked forward to taste the smell of fresh summer air again, after all this time in the closet, it was almost indescribable.

Minutes later, she pulled on a pair of sandals and left the house. Today, Ella made quite the journey; I could see her passing by the tile floor at home, the pavement and the asphalt of the street, the flooring in the railway station, the coach floor, the pavement again and finally a large field of grass. I wasn’t absolutely sure, but I believed that her terminal destination was the city park; the lawn just had some kind of feel to it. Finally, she placed herself down on a musty blanket and draped her dress over her legs, blocking my view to the outside world.

There I was, hugging the curves of her privates and buttocks closely, unaware of what was happening behind the floral printed fabric - something only Ella’s dress would be able to tell. Unfortunately, until the glorious day dresses would learn how to talk, I had no choice but to wait patiently for Ella’s next move. And I waited, and I waited, and then I waited some more; Ella was taking an awful lot of time, probably enjoying herself out in the sun. As the minutes passed, I felt the stress in my waistband increasing, driven by a gradual swelling in Ella’s abdomen - it was subtle, but after several portions of time, my elastic string felt really strained; Ella’s lower abdomen bulged out of her body, much further than usual.

When I was starting to think that it would never happen, Ella’s legs suddenly moved her knees upwards, and her dress sailed over her lower thighs - after being blinded for so long, I could finally see again! I watched the park, the blanket that Ella was sitting on, I watched a picnic basket, a champagne bottle and a large water bottle, both empty - and ultimately, when I looked up, I watched the friendly face of a young man, smiling at Ella - and... he seemed to be looking at me! Well hello, hey there, how are you doing, what’s your name, I’m Ella’s panties, nice to meet you! I could see his eyes widen, but before he could even speak, Ella pulled her dress down her legs again. Hey! I guess Ella had noticed that he was looking at me, and for some reason, she didn’t really like the idea of other people staring at her panties - she almost never showed us to anybody.

Soon after, Ella stood up entirely from the blanket, and I could see her sandals again, but then she firmly crossed her legs, and I was pressed between her thighs - not the best position for me to be in, but I managed. I felt myself clinging to her round buttocks, her skin perspired where her butt had touched the ground. Shifting her thighs, she took a small step forward, and crossed her legs the other way, applying even more strain on her thighs; she crunched me in between and forced me to cuddle her intimates a little too intense - a small part of my fabric momentarily slipped between her outer labia, forming a subtle camel toe, hiding under her dress.

Ella uncrossed her legs again, her knees still forcefully pressed together - a pair of male shoes was approaching her sandals; out of a sudden, two hands grabbed Ella’s ass cheeks, fingers firmly pressing through the fabric of her dress. She started trembling softly, rubbing her knees together - almost as if she was passionately excited, yet holding something back.

After liberating herself from the squeezing hands, Ella turned around and walked off, taking the same journey from this morning, but in reverse. The grass, the gravel path in the park, the pavement, the crosswalks; all those images flew by as she paced her way back in a non-stop movement, unmistakably in a hurry for some reason unknown to me.

She reached the flooring of the railway station in a heartbeat, and then suddenly ended her rush in the main hallway - abruptly standing still, her heel nervously tapping on the floor tiles below her. The air in the station building was relatively humid, and I felt the temperature of her intimates rising, now that the fresh breeze sailing between her legs was gone, ever since she had stopped running. Her level of perspiration was rapidly rising, and my situation soon became hot and sticky.

But I didn't mind it the slightest - au contraire, I liked hot and sticky. The fuzzy warm feeling of being planted between Ella’s legs, caressing her neatly shaven privates - it was so much better than being stuck in her dark underwear drawer. Don't take this the wrong way - I had nothing to complain about; the temperature in the bathroom was always comfortable, the washed panties around me always smelled wonderful, yet... nothing ever happened back there. At least today I was on an adventure, exploring the world; there was no better feeling than that.

Mere seconds after Ella’s interruption of her run, she moved on again, rapidly, now truly dashing through the hallways of the station, twisting between the other travelers, almost bumping into them. High heels, sneakers, costume shoes and sandals; a wide variety of male and female feet approached Ella and then changed their direction, in order not to collide against her and her sprint race. The stairs towards the platform were even more crowded, but Ella pursued; she wriggled through the pack of people, bolted towards the nearest open door, and jumped onto the train, the doors slowly closing as I witnessed her left foot landing on the coach floor. Just in time.

Ella sighed and jammed her knees together, pressing me between her even sweatier thighs, rubbing them against each other in a circular motion. For a few seconds, she relaxed a bit, trying to get her heavy breathing under control - yet to me, her muscles still felt tensed up. She crossed her legs again as her pulse rate slowly but surely dropped to a more normal level, and then calmly proceeded her way through the coach, taking small careful steps. Keeping her inner thighs closely together, she strode through a considerable amount of cars, suddenly fastening her pace in the last car before coming to another stop. From under her dress I could observe her restless feet again, standing in front of a closed sliding bathroom door, her left foot tapping on the floor vividly. The underside of the door shuddered, but nothing happened.

Ella slammed her legs together once again, and then slightly crouched down, her muscles clenched. Once. Twice. Three times. The door shuddered again, then she turned around and started speedwalking back to the other side of the train, travelling through the same cars she passed only moments ago. Where was she going? Her rapid pace indicated that she was anxious to get somewhere in time, but I couldn’t understand why - the speed of the train was dictating the time for arrival at her destination, not her. Well, maybe the concept of public transport flew over my head - after all, I was just a pair of panties.

Another locked door - it seemed to be the end of the train, and Ella slightly crouched down again three times. What a strange ritual humans had, to bend over thrice every time they were in front of a closed door.

After the formal greeting with the second door, Ella walked back from where she came from, even more slowly than before. Apparently, she was playing a game - a game where you could not part your knees, only your feet. She subtly crouched down again, clenching her muscles; the game was most likely not a simple one. I guess she got tired of it really fast, because she placed her magnificent buttocks in a train seat, blocking my view of the outside world once again by draping her dress over her thighs. Ella sat, but not very still; I could feel her right leg bouncing up and down furiously while she shifted her weight back and forth.

This went on for quite a while, and her movements only got more abrupt over time, almost like she had marginal control over her body. Her pulse rate increased again while squirming around in the seat, her buttocks on, and off the cushion, and then on again as if she were sitting in a wild rollercoaster ride. I was sticking against her sweaty skin, shifting along with all her maneuvers, and the sections of my fabric were not entirely where they were supposed to be around her curves; the situation surely was as uncomfortable to her as it was to me, but there was nothing that a simple pair of panties like me could do to help the situation.

Thankfully, Ella took action, and she lifted her dress just enough so that she could place her right hand under the floral printed fabric of the piece of clothing, and grasped her thigh with her fingertips. While I enjoyed the breeze of cool air, I felt her upper body turning left and right, as if she wanted to make sure that no-one was watching her, and her fingertips slowly crept closer to me. All out of a sudden, the palm of her hand swiftly darted towards her privates, and she hugged me with her fingers, pressing them deep between her legs. Normally I would have loved the feeling of her touch, but the temperature of her intimate area had risen exponentially, especially once she started massaging her lips, planting her middle finger between them in a very violent manner.

I had never been so close to her before, now that her soft flesh was all around me, greasing my delicate fabric. The more Ella squeezed her fingers around me, the dirtier I got; I tried my best to soak up the moisture, but could not fight the inevitable saturation - I could only hope that Ella would not be too displeased with my failure. Thankfully, it appeared that she had other things on her mind, as she abruptly stood up, pacing through the train cars once again. For the second time in a few minutes, she was dancing around before the closed sliding bathroom door, and yet again the underside of the door started shuddering, even more heavily than before.

Ella responded by frantically rubbing her thighs together, and after she fleetly swayed her legs around for a while, she found herself a place to sit again, not too far away from the sliding door. Immediately - without looking around this time - her left hand rushed under her summer dress and clasped itself around me as if I had extreme magnetic powers. The amount of strain in her fingers was unbelievable; they didn’t leave her privates for even a second, as she twitched in her seat a few times, trying to keep her movements and her rapid breathing under control.

Hesitatingly, Ella loosened the tension in her fingers and stopped shuffling around in her seat; she clenched her legs together in a successful attempt to maintain a rigid posture. Although her body was clearly fighting something, a certain calmness fell over me - I was still out of position, the taste of sweat increasingly persistent, but at least Ella wasn’t rocking me further around. I could only try to grasp the concept of how simply changing of seats could make such a huge difference to her - they felt the same to me. For a moment, she was so calm that I could feel so much as the train speeding up and slowing down, but her composure quickly faded, as she suddenly spasmed.

In a split second, so many things happened at once. While veering of her seat instantly, Ella hastily planted both hands between her legs, obscenely grinding her dress against me - her sudden desires so intense that she didn’t have the time to place them under the floral printed fabric. Next, I felt her labia getting moist, then wet, and suddenly I sensed drops, a warm trickle. I wished to maneuver myself away, but Ella’s fingers pressed me even closer into her privates; she soaked my fabric instantly, and I couldn’t help it. A wet spot appeared on me, and it slowly expanded to the size of a quarter, then the flow stopped. Quickly, Ella pulled her fingertips from the intimate touch, but the damage was done; her dress was visibly dampened by the moisture that I could no longer accommodate.

Her feet guided Ella towards the aisle, where she started to dance around without any kind of choreography whatsoever, her thighs firmly pressed together. Left, right, left, left, right - her sandals touched the ground in a rapid motion, her body temperature running even higher. The train slowed down, then sped up again, and Ella quickly walked over towards the door where she had entered the coach minutes ago. Left, right, left, right, left. Impulsively, she pressed her fingertips in between her legs again, and the fabric of the dress momentarily touched me once more. Left, left, right, right. Ella clearly could no longer stand still. I moved around with her - her engorged wet lips were all over me. Right, left, right, right, left. And then her feet stopped. Ella simply crossed her legs and stood still, holding her breath, as if she was awaiting something.

Taken by surprise, I felt wetness again, and lots of it, too. A tsunami! Anxiously, I tried to warn Ella about it, hoping that she could save me from the oncoming flood, like she always did, but this time, she took no action whatsoever. I couldn’t escape, my fabric hopelessly trapped between her fingers and her labia, and everything bursted right through me, like I wasn’t even there. I was lost, but Ella’s dress was yet salvageable; she hastily griped it with her fingertips, but just a tad too late - some flowers on the floral-printed fabric were clearly darker than the other ones. Below me, the steady stream evolved into a river delta, and rivulets were running down the front and the back of her legs, down to her sandals and onto the train floor.

As the flood slowed down, so did the train, and Ella got off at the next stop, despite that it was still a long walk to her house. When we arrived at the front door, her dress had dried, but I was still soaked, clinging to Ella’s every intimate curve, until she pulled me down and dropped me onto the bathroom floor. Her eyes were swollen; she had cried.

###

So here I am - in the washing machine, the soapy water rinsing Ella's urine out of my fabric. Soon, she will put me inside her underwear drawer again - but I'll never forget the adventure that I had today...

THE END

*005*2016-04-20 20:20

Thanks for the nice comments, guys and girls. It's not the strongest literary concept or anything - I think that a story told by a person can carry a lot more emotions - but it was a little different, and I loved writing it. Glad to know that to you all don't think that it's too puzzling.

*011*2016-04-24 13:34

Glad you all liked it! You are all right - so many stories that can be told from a panties point of view!

{{: 

If you'll excuse me, I'm off to waterboard my boxers.

}}

Damn, what a great saying. Now I wish I would have used it in my story.

