Family Meeting

Author: Fuchsa9073

*000*2020-11-26 08:19

Alexandra gingerly walked up the sidewalk to the front door of her house. The cold and clammy feeling of damp denim clinging to her legs was impossible to ignore. She doubted her neighbors could see her soaked butt or the dark streaks running down her pant legs, but there would be no way to hide the stains from her family. As she reached for the door knob she shivered, partly from the cool breeze, but mainly from the dread of what was coming when she stepped inside.

"Oh my god, mom! What happened?" Exclaimed her 19 year old daughter, Chloe. "You look like you peed your pants!"

Alexandra couldn't bring herself to answer Chloe. She bit her lip, stared at the floor and tried to hold back tears of humiliation as her daughter gasped.

"Come quick!!! Mom peed her pants!!!" squealed Chloe. With Chloe's announcement, her 21 year old daughter, Mary, and her husband, Walt, came rushing.

There were a few moments of stunned silence as they took in the sight of their household leader standing before them in wet shame.

Walt began to suggest that she go upstairs to "get straightened up" when Mary interrupted.

"Shouldn't she be sent to the 'naughty corner' in the living room?" inquired Mary.

"Why on earth would you suggest that?" snapped Walt.

"You know that when Chloe and I break a rule we are sent to the corner for an hour while we wait for a family meeting. At the family meeting we have to explain what we did and why it was wrong, followed by everyone giving input on the appropriate consequences. Remember a few months ago when Chloe wet herself at school and she had to stand in the corner in her wet pants?"

At the mention of her past accident Chloe blushed. "You got punished when you wet your pants a couple years ago too." The reminder caused Mary to turn red as well.

Walt turned to Alexandra, who was still to ashamed to look at her family. "I'm not sure that's a good idea" he said. "As your parents we don't have the same rules as you kids. Besides, there's probably a reasonable explanation. Right, hun?"

Alexandra wanted to make excuses. She wanted to change her pants. She wanted to run upstairs to shower. She wanted to hide from her family.

"No" she muttered, slowly shaking her head. "I've thought about nothing else since my accident. Whenever it happened to the girls I always told them there was no excuse. Mary is right, I should be sent to the corner."

Walt's jaw dropped as his wife slowly turned toward the livingroom and trudged to the far corner.

He looked at his oldest daughter, "Your mother normally presides over these family meetings. Since you made the argument that she should be subjected to a family meeting, I will let you preside over it. Make the preparations." Walt took one last look at his wife's saturated butt as she faced the corner, then walked down the hall to his den.

As Alexandra stared at the wall she sobbed, as much with relief as embarassment. She'd never understood how either of them could end up wetting their pants. She'd been pretty strict with both daughters when accidents had happened. Today after her accident she'd finally understood how it could happen.

Alexandra now regretted how she'd handled her daughter's accidents. Although she was humiliated (and terrified) at the prospect of being punished by the family, Alexandra felt the only way to preserve any respect from Chloe and Mary was for her to faces the consequences of a family meeting.

"Turn around and step over to the rug in the center of the room" commanded Mary. After a mentally anguishing hour of standing in the corner, Alexandra turned to face her family. She had spoken those words to her daughter's many times over the years. It was a humbling experience to have the tables turned. "It's time to explain yourself."

Alexandra took a deep breath then looked at her family. Walt looked annoyed, Chloe looked a little embarassed on her mother's behalf, and Mary had a little smirk on her face. She had known this moment was coming and had been rehearsing her excuse in her head ever since the accident had happened, but now Alexandra just stammerred. "I uh... um... I couldn't... I just... I had an accident."

"You know the offening person has to provide a full explanaton at these family meetings" interjected Mary. "You're not getting off that easy. We need to hear all the details, mom."

"I was running a few minutes late this morning" Alexandra began. "I didn't take the time to go to the bathroom before leaving for work. I planned to use the restroom at work before my shift but, traffic was bad and I barely made it to work in time to clock in. As the morning went on I spent so much time squirming that I didn't get any of my work done.

"At last my lunch break came and I started to rush to the ladies room when my supervisor stopped me in the hall. She had noticed my lack of productivity and she grabbed my arm and escorted me to the H.R. office. When we got to the office, the H.R. Director wrote me up for not getting my work done. I was told I needed to get my work finished or I'd be suspended. The only way to finish my work was to skip my lunch break.

"My supervisor walked me back to my desk...without stopping at the restroom! Somehow I managed to get my work done by the end of the day. I have no idea how! I spent so much time bouncing and wiggling at my desk. The pressure was unbearable! I know I leaked a couple times but, nothing showed on my jeans.

"At the end of the day my supervisor drug me back to H.R. to give them an update on my performance. I squirmed in front of my supervisor and H.R. director for ten minutes while they lectured me about work performance.

"I knew I was about to loose control so I asked to be allowed to go to the restroom but, it just irritated them. The lecture continued and I felt a spurt leak into my underwear, when I looked down there was a three inch stain in the crotch of my jeans. I know the both saw it because they both smirked at me. I begged for the bathroom again...it was no use.

"I was listening to them go on and on about how it wasn't the company's problem that I didn't manage my time. Then it just happened!

"I felt my crotch get warm and the warmth began to expand down my legs and accross the seat of my pants. I've never had an accident before. I didn't know that's what it would feel like!

"When I realized what the warmth was, I looked down and saw the dark stain on my jeans. Even worse was the puddle on the floor! I was mortified to have just disgraced myself in front of my bosses.

"I got written up again. This one was for 'inappropriate workplace hygeine'. I got suspended without pay for the rest of the week and when my suspenson is over, I have to wear a diaper to work for the next three months.

"Thank goodness my supervisor and the H.R. director were the only people who saw me! The walk to my car and the drive home were incredibly uncomfortable. I never realized the wet fabric would itch so much. "

With her story finally told, it was time for Alexandra to hear what her family had to say.

Walt began: "I stand by what I said before. As a parent the standards are different. Your mother shouldn't be punished for having an accident. Besides, it sounds like her boss is punishing her. She's in enough trouble at work, we should be supportive here at home. "

"I don't agree with dad" Mary stated. "Mom made most of the rules in this house, she knows better. I agree with her boss that poor planning on her part isn't an excuse. In fact mom said something very similar to me when I wet myself during that math test. When I wet myself at school I had detention for two weeks, plus I was punished here at home. I see nothing wrong witn her having to be punished at both work and home."

Chloe shifted uncomfortably in her chair. She loved her mom dearly and felt bad for the embarassing situation her mom was in. On the other hand Chloe had found herself on the other side of a family meeting just six months ago for a very similar incident.

"Mom, I vividly remember standing where you are, with pants just as wet. I was told there was 'no excuse' for my behavior, no matter what led up to it. Two years ago Mary was crying in that same spot in her wet pants being told that poor planning wasn't an 'accident'. I think it's hippocritical for you to call what you did an 'accident' when you clearly told both of us there's nothing accidental about misbehavior. Your wet jeans are clear evidence that you didn't follow the rules today. I feel bad that you got in trouble at work, but I agree there should be consequences here at home.

"Well mom", Mary said, "now you get a chance to tell us what you think should happen to you."

"I don't know what I think." Alexandra looked at each of her daughters with tears in her eyes. "I want to beg for mercy, but I know that isn't what I deserve after putting you two through this same thing. I just didn't understand how it could happen, now that I've walked a mile in your shoes, I understand."

"Decision time" snapped Mary. "I vote that she get the same punishment we got."

Walt just shook his head, "I think she's suffered enough."

All eyes were on Chloe as the tie breaker. "Sorry mom, I think you deserve the punishment."

Mary cleared her throat, "Time to make it official. Mom, the family listened to your explanation and we've all given our input on consequences. After a 2-1 vote you are to be punished. Chloe and I agree you should get the same consequences as we did. Do you remember what those were?"

Alexandra sobbed as she nodded. "I took a photo of you in your wet pants and hung it on the wall for two months so your friends would see it when they came over. I made you scrub your wet pants by hand instead of letting you put them in the washing machine. I made you write a three page essay on bladder control."

Walt stood up and looked at his daughters, "I don't think you need me anymore." He turned to his sobbing wife, "After you are done scrubbing your jeans and have cleaned yourself, we can talk about this without the girls. I'll see you in a few hours." He kissed Alexandra and went back to his den.

Mary took out her phone and took her mother's humiliating photo.

Mary took Alexandra by the hand and walked her down the hall to the bathroom. Chloe spoke as they walked. "We're proud of you mom. We feel bad that you went through something so embarassing but, you took the family meeting and consequences like a champ. We're glad you understand now. We love you!"

Alexandra hugged her daughters tight. "I love you too....now may I please clean myself?"

"Sure mom" answered Mary. "Just remember what you told us. 'While you scrub your pants, I want you to think about how bad the consequences will be if you ever disgrace yourself again!'

