Taboos with Tara

Author: flackus

*000*2025-09-10 22:29

Taboos with Tara

Tara McAllister: A very attractive woman with wavy, shoulder-length chestnut hair; emerald, captivating, and mischievous eyes; 32-years old; unmarried by choice; slightly dark sense of humor, but with an outgoing personality.

She is a friend of mine and has been for a long time. She is a friend I can laugh with and talk to about meaningful and poignant things. Tara enjoys life - a free spirit whose apparel consistently consists of jeans that accentuate her pert backside (her favorite part of her body, she’s told me). The jeans are comfortable, well worn. Her upper body is usually clad in a t-shirt. Nothing fancy. She doesn’t wear bright colors. Despite her vibrant personality, bright colors don’t suit her.

The more time we spent together, the more I noticed Tara was more than comfortable with taboos. Here’s a story.

It had been a long, stressful week for us both. We decided to take a walk to clear our heads. Tara had changed from her work attire to her more comfortable clothes. We walked through a park, which conveniently was within a five-minute walk from my house. About fifteen minutes into our walk, Tara made a quick reference to having to use the bathroom. She didn’t request to cut our walk short, so I assumed she wasn’t in urgent need. However, at one point, Tara stopped and held a hand over her abdomen. It was only for a few seconds. Before I asked her if she was doing ok, she continued on. We walked along the path for a few more minutes, and we spotted a couple walking towards us on the path. We recognized them and exchanged a look.

Oh no. David and Sarah.

We had known them in college. They were inseparable then, and it appeared nothing had changed. They were newly-married, so they approached us with the hand-holding cuteness of newlyweds. We hadn’t seen them in years. Word around the campfire was they both had landed fantastic paying jobs doing God knows what. They had money, and they dressed and carried themselves to prove it. In a word: obnoxious. We were on a collision course with them. It was too late to deviate from the path, because they spotted us, waved, and continued on an intercept course. Tara and I exchanged another look.

Oh, Jesus! They’ve spotted us.

It would have obviously been rude to quickly find another trajectory for our own walk after they’d spotted us, so we both took a deep breath to prepare ourselves for the encounter.

“Hey, Tara and Patrick! We have seen you guys in forever,” Sarah said as she gave us quick hugs. David just gave me a manly slap on the shoulder like we were playing on the same Pickleball team.

Neither Tara nor I are huggy people, but we endured Sarah’s brief welcome.

“How are you guys? You look good. Are you guys, you know . . . together (wink)?”

“No,” I said. “Friends. Just out for a quiet walk.”

I had hoped that adding emphasis to the word “quiet” would have prompted them to both acquiesce and let us continue without any further interaction. David and Sarah hadn’t picked up on that and never paid heed to our body language. They kept talking, mostly about themselves and their success, future plans. Tara and I only half-listened, throwing in the occasional, “oh, yeah?” and “that’s cool” to, again, not seem rude. Several minutes had passed. David’s cell phone rang. He apologized, pulled out his phone, showed the screen to Sarah. Her face lit up. Apparently another friend they were excited to talk to. Tara and I thought we were off the hook, but, before David accepted the call (on speaker, so they could both be part of the phone conversation), Sarah whispered to us to hang on . . . this’ll take us a couple minutes.

“Don’t wander off,” Sarah said. “We want to catch up with you guys.”

David and Sarah stepped off the path a few yards and took their call.

Shit! Now we have to wait for them to finish their phone call and deal with more of them after the fact?

After a few minutes of listening to their loud speaker phone conversation, Tara and I became antsy. We just looked at each other, communicating our escape plan telepathically. At one point, Tara rubbed her abdomen again. I, again, wanted to ask her if she was okay, but a sly smile crept across her face. She looked at me, then she leaned in close.

“Okay,” she whispered. “I’ve got an idea. It’s gonna be . . . um . . . weird. But play along.”

I had to admit I was intrigued. That sly smile of Tara’s preceded something unorthodox . . . and sometimes shocking behavior. I wasn’t entirely sure what her plan was, but we needed unorthodox to escape the clutches of David and Sarah. I gave Tara a quick questioning look, but I knew whatever she had planned was going to effectively separate us from further conversation with David and Sarah.

The phone conversation ended, and both David and Sarah smiled and chattered cheerily as they made their way back to us. Tara leaned against me and whispered in my ear.

“Quick! Grab my ass! Kiss me . . . hard!”

My astonishment prevented me from acting immediately, and rightfully so. I felt Tara grab my hand and plant it firmly on the butt of her jeans. She squeezed her hand against mine, forcing my hand to cup her firm buttcheek. She then leaned in and kissed me . . . hard. Like she wanted to devour me on the spot. Her hand that had guided mine to her ass let go and pulled my head into the kiss. The passion of the kiss and feeling of her ass responding to my touch immediately made me aroused.

We heard an, “oh,” from Sarah, and Tara pulled away. I didn’t know if me continuing to feel up her ass was part of the plan, but I left it there. She told me to play along, so I did.

“Oh, hey guys,” Tara said enthusiastically. “Enjoy your call?”

“Uh, yeah . . . it was . . . um,” Sarah started saying, but she didn’t continue. “I thought you guys weren’t, you know, together.”

“Oh. We’re not,” Tara responded. “It’s just you asking if we were together earlier really made me start wondering why Patrick and I aren’t together.”

Tara looked over and winked at me. Still playing along, I stepped behind her and wrapped my arms around her. The second my erection pressed against the butt of her jeans, the muscles in her butt tightened. I pressed against her a little harder, and I felt her body become warm against me. She melted against me. Her body communicated to me.

Jesus! I feel your hard cock pressing against my ass, and it’s really turning me on!

“Oh, well . . . that’s . . . great! I’m . . . um . . . glad,” Sarah said, visibility confused.

As I was fully processing my sexual desire for Tara, I heard Sarah gasp. Tara kept talking about how great of a guy I was, and how unbelievably sexy I was. It took me a moment to realize why Sarah had gasped. David stood by his wife, his mouth agape.

I felt Tara’s body relax more as she chattered on with this obnoxious couple. With my body still pressed against her ass, I began to understand what was happening. I felt it before I heard it. Warm wetness had crept from between Tara’s legs and crept around the fabric of the butt of her jeans. I was shocked at first, but, the more my cock was warmed by what she was doing, the more fucking amazing it felt. As Tara continued singing me praises, she was fully voiding her bladder. I continued smiling as I watched David’s and Sarah’s faces flush as they watched Tara peeing her pants. It looked as if their eyes were hyperfocused on the ever darkening fabric of her jeans as more and more pee spread down her inner thighs and across the front of her pants.

Tara stopped talking, acting as if she had no idea why David and Sarah had such shocked expressions on their faces. She followed their eyes and slowly looked down at her wet pants. I felt her buttcheeks clench again beneath the wet fabric of the butt of her jeans.

Keep playing along.

I did. This was so hot!

“Oh . . . no . . .” Tara said, with absolutely no hint of embarrassment or shame. “Yeah . . . Oh . . . shit.”

She pulled away from me and looked over her shoulder at me.

“It happened again, babe,” she said matter-of-factly.

She turned back to the speechless David and Sarah.

“When I get really turned on. I have to pee really badly. I’m really turned on right now, and well . . . I just couldn’t hold it.”

Tara then turned fully towards me, her eyes full of mischief.

“You made me pee my pants again, sweetie,” she said, playingfully scolding me. She turned back to the dumbfounded couple and leaned closer to them. “Not gonna lie. This guy here, well . . . so hot and sexy . . . I end up peeing my pants a lot.”

David and Sarah had no idea how to respond or how to act. Rightfully so. They just watched a grown woman piss in her pants as she bragged about me. Tara offered no apologies for how uncomfortable it made the couple feel.

Finally, David spoke up.

“Are you ok? Do you need some help . . . or . . . um?”

He was staring at Tara’s piss-soaked pants. Sarah thought she could offer some assistance too.

“Oh, sweetie. I’m so sorry . . . your pants . . . Can I help you somehow?”

“Me? Oh no. Like I said: happens a lot. It’s weird.”

“Do you need to go to the doctor,” Sarah asked. “Our car is right over there, we can drive you if you need us to.”

This was delicious! Just as Sarah was offering assistance, I saw David look at Sarah. Sarah immediately registered what was being communicated by her husband.

This crazy bitch just completely pissed her pants, and you want to let her in our car with wet pants?

I looked at Tara. She, too, had recognized what had passed between the couple. The look on Tara’s face hinted at her thought:

Victory!

Before David and Sarah could offer more fake suggestions of helping, Tara just sighed heavily as she looked down at her wet jeans.

“Well. Gotta go,” she said. “Well, I . . . ah . . . guess I already went. Good to see you guys. Guess I have an awkward walk back to Patrick’s house.”

Tara grabbed my hand. We did an about-face and walked back down the trail. Neither of us looked back at David and Sarah. I figured the couple was either still standing there trying to process what they’d just witnessed, or they had quickly retreated down the path from whence they came. I couldn’t help but wonder if they were discussing what had happened - what they saw - how they felt about watching a grown woman peeing her pants less than six feet from them.

Even though I was still trying to process the event himself, the thought of David and Sarah’s inner turmoils made him chuckle aloud. Tara glanced at him with a grin.

“Weird. Told you,” she said. She squeezed my hand. “Thanks for being such a good sport and playing along.”

“Ah . . . yeah . . . no worries.”

I still had a raging erection beneath my jeans. As if Tara were reading my thoughts, I saw her look at the bulge in my pants.

“Was it the grabbing my ass, the making out, or me peeing my pants that . . . um . . . caused your current condition?”

I thought I should hesitate before answering her, but my response was immediate.

“All of the above.”

“Thought so.”

When we had begun our walk away from David and Sarah, I noticed Tara walking like she felt uncomfortable in her soaked jeans. Like she didn’t want her skin touching the soaked fabric. Now, she was simply strolling along seemingly without a care. I heard the wet fabric of her jeans squelching a little, and her shoes were leaving wet footprints on the concrete. I couldn’t help but lag behind a few seconds to assess her firm ass in those jeans. Her ass was my favorite part of her body too. The wetness had run down the back legs of her jeans to mid-calf. As I’d felt when I was pressed up close behind her during our encounter with the couple, the wetness had crept across the butt of her jeans and up her buttcrack.

“Don’t suppose I could use your shower when we get back to your place? And maybe some clean clothes to change into? Clothes that smell like you?”

She squeezed my hand and feigned shyness.

“Kind of peed my pants,” she said.

"Yeah, a little bit," I chuckled. “Absolutely.”

She playfully bumped her hip against me.

“Such a gentleman,” she said with a flourish. “Helping out a poor girl in such a predicament.”

I saw her, once again, look at the crotch of my jeans as we walked.

“We’ll see how long you can remain a gentleman when we get back to your house,” she said, a devilish smile on her face. “I wasn’t lying to those twits back there when I said you turned me on.”

She guided my hand into the back pocket of her wet jeans.

Delicious.

“Or about having to pee really bad when I get turned on,” she finished.

Strange, mischievous, wonderful Tara.

