Wetting on the First Date - Page 2

Author: fullbladder

*029*2022-11-07 02:17

{{4 hours ago, Scalar said:

Unfortunaly i dont really like diaper storys, so i would love for you to do more without. i had to skip the last few chapters

}}

I'm going to wrap this story up next post, think it has gone about as far as it can- interest might be waning here.

I will be writing some stuff with no diapers in the future, though!

*032*2022-11-07 22:16

Thanks everyone for the kind words- y'all are great! I believe that every story has an appropriate end and going too long could ruin all of it. There was a lot of love at the start of this story (25 upvotes for the first section WOW THANKS) so I stretched things out longer than I would have otherwise. Hopefully, you will also read some of my upcoming stories and show some love if it's interesting to you!

Chloe squirted into her diaper again as she followed Abby back to their table. With her bladder exhausted from recent wettings, it seemed as if she could lose control at any moment. Fortunately, Abby considerately positioned herself right in front of Chloe as she spoke, but the baggy diaper was still highly visible from behind. There was nothing Chloe could do about her padded ass.

“Hey guys, there’s a plumbing issue with the ladies room. So… we didn’t get to pee and Chloe still needs to go. We’re gonna head home.” Chloe burned red with embarrassment as Abby spoke, her feet squirming as she tried to hold on.

Predictably, Gavin piped up. “C’mon, she can wait a bit. You ladies haven’t even finished your coffees yet!” Chloe pressed her hand into her crotch behind Abby’s shapely butt. She feared that the next squirt would be the big accident.

Abby glared at him for a moment- something about Gavin rubbed her the wrong way. “Next time, sorry boys. Chloe needs to go really badly and the last thing anyone needs is a big puddle on the floor!” Chloe whimpered quietly- her severe toilet need was being broadcast at the university café. Chloe snuck a glance at Gavin- his face showed utter disgust.

“Fuck him, he’s a douche anyway.” Abby muttered, seemingly reading Chloe’s thoughts as she turned hastily, dragging her girlfriend away from the table. A few bursts of laughter echoed around the busy café at the outrageous scene. Chloe just managed to keep it together as she scrambled towards the automatic glass door, but the cool autumn air hit her like a swift kick to her midsection. She was going to pee NOW and there was nothing she could do about it.

Nathan had quickly stood up and followed them outside. He grabbed Abby’s shoulder to turn her. “We can go up, so she can pee.” He gestured at his building across the street. Chloe, crying, just shook her head. It was way too late for that.

Peeing uncontrollably, Chloe hobbled towards the alley next to the café. As Abby had warned, her diaper quickly overflowed and wet streaks ran down her black cotton leggings. Luckily, Chloe located a large garbage dumpster only a few feet into the alley. She ran behind it and came to a stand still, allowing her long-held waters to flow into her sagging diaper, down her legs, into her worn sneakers, and onto the grey-black asphalt. A growing puddle formed at her feet.

As she urinated involuntarily into her clothes, Chloe wondered how many people in the coffeeshop had seen her accident. She had been in front of the large glass window in broad daylight for about five seconds as she had scrambled to the semi-privacy of the alley. There was absolutely no doubt a whole lot of people had heard Abby’s announcement to the guys- they had openly laughed at her public suffering.

Chloe trembled and sighed with relief as she finally finished peeing. Despite the humiliating experience, it was truly a blessing to enjoy an empty bladder once again. She roughly rubbed the drenched crotch of her diaper a few times before stepping out from behind the dumpster, into plain view of Abby and Nathan- the two had remained on the sidewalk in front of the alley, waiting for her to finish.

Just a few days ago, Chloe would have been completely devastated to be seen in such a state by Abby and her date. However, it all felt more natural now. Peeing was a normal human function and sometimes grown women had accidents- it was simply a fact of life.

Abby ran into the alley to envelope her lover in a comforting hug, while Nathan diverted his attention to the sidewalk he was standing on. It was a good thing too- Gavin was just exiting the café. Unfortunately, he happened to turn in Nathan’s direction. Thinking quickly, Nathan rushed over, making sure he was walking between Gavin and the alley.

“Hey Gavin!” Nathan greeted loudly. Upon hearing the yell a few yards away, Abby got the hint. She turned mid-embrace to make sure her back was directly facing the street and Chloe’s wet pants were hidden from any Peeping Toms looking into the alley.

“Sorry, I left very quick. I was trying to help Chloe.” Nathan walked alongside the man of nearly equal height, strategically moving his head as the curious pervert tried to look past him at the girls.

“Uh, no problem.” Gavin replied absently, still trying to look around Nathan to catch a glimpse of wet Chloe. He tried to stop abruptly as they reached the middle of the alley, but Nathan slowed down right with him, looking directly into his eyes.

“Yes, next time we meet. Us four again.” Nathan spoke quietly but firmly, leaving no confusion about Gavin not being welcome to stick around any longer. Reluctantly, Gavin continued past the alley and turned his head towards his car parked roadside. Craning his neck at unnatural angles was a pointless exercise with Nathan blocking his view.

“Sure, good idea.” They had reached Gavin’s red convertible Mercedes, undoubtedly parents-gifted. Gavin reluctantly got in and Nathan walked back to the alley. He approached the women with his right hand shielding his eyes, his left handing Abby a set of keys.

“Here- take them. I will wait here at café.” Abby looked over at Chloe who nodded. Abby reached out and lifted Nathan’s chin so his eyes met hers. He lowered his hands.

“Nathan, Chloe trusts you. We both trust you. You can come up with us.” Abby’s warm smile was returned by Nathan and three of them began the short walk up to Nathan’s dorm room.

That's all folks!

