Adult Size Crib

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2025-11-11 08:35

Tanya woke up in the middle of the night. Bars surrounded her bed as she realized she's locked in for the night. Her bladder was full from drinking two liters of milk before bed and now there was nothing she could do. Her pressure in her bladder kept mounting as time went on. Her pants and jammies were wet from some squirts of piss, but Tanya contained it. She was locked in the crib-like bed until morning and didn't have the protection of a thick tampon or diaper. Tanya was getting nervous. She passed out and woke up two hours later in severe desperation. She's locked in her bed with the huge retaining bars still.

Tanya felt her first loss of control as she pissed for ten seconds in her pajamas and managed to stop the flood. She crunched up grabbing her hot wet crotch, realizing she won't be able to hold it all in till morning. A longer twenty seconds of hot piss flowed and streamed down her legs until she regained control. The ticking clock on the wall made her so wet and desperate, her bladder throbbing. Tanya burst, a lady of 25 years of age pissing through her panties all over the bed. She pissed harder and faster as her bladder exploded, wet hot raging piss soaked into the mattress.

She couldn't stop it as it flowed all over her mattress up her back and down her legs. In the morning she pissed again, straight through her cold wet soaked pajamas into the mattress. Tanya didn't even realize her pee was dripping off the mattress on the floor when her master came in and cleaned her up. Then came the plastic padded underwear as she was fed and then sent to her cleaning and dusting job for 10 hours right away. Tanya got really horny knowing she is wearing her only toilet. Her master told her no breaks allowed.

*002*2025-11-22 08:01

I write stories of fiction, fantasies. They don't have to have logic.

What do you mean by he/him pronouns? You are confusing me.

*003*2025-12-15 09:45

I fixed that in my profile. I am not that kind of individual. The profile page seems kind of glitchy.

