Foxlover Joins The Fray (Commission Requests)

Author: Foxlover

*000*2020-08-10 18:11

Hello, all!

So, as I’ve gone along these past few months, I’ve really missed writing omo fiction, and given the advent of all these apps dedicated to such things, I’ve decided to try my hand at it!

As I’m getting my accounts together, I just wanted to post here and see if anyone would like to give me a try? I’ve posted some examples of my work below for your perusal.

$/18701-the-chronicles-of-mulberry-mansion/

RULES:

1. Unless given specific guidelines, I will interpret your scenario as I see fit. You want something specific to happen, tell me!

2. I reserve the right to reject requests in part or in whole if they don’t align with my do’s/don’ts

3. If you want stories about specifically existing characters that I am unfamiliar with, please include a short description of them: your desire for their personality in my story.

WILLS:

1. Female desperation, wetting and free-peeing (duh)

2. Male desperation and wetting (very much in the background, though, and *must* be in conjunction with female desperation, which must still be the fore)

3. Watersports (pee drinking, golden showers, etc so long as it’s not gratuitous.)

4. M/F or F/F Smut (;3)

5. Futa (been wanting to combine this with omo for a while lol)

6. Anthro (to a degree, not sure if I can do MLP just yet lol)

WON’TS

1. Diapers/Ageplay. Can’t write what I’m not familiar with/interested in.

2. M/M smut (can’t do it)

3. Rape, physical torture (other than urinary), gore, etc (Goes without saying. I’m a degenerate, but I’m a degenerate with MORALS dammit)

4. Messing (I hate it. Don’t ask.)

5. Underage characters as focuses/in adult situations. (No underage sex, no sexually graphic descriptions of those underage. That being said, I’ll have a desperate kid as a side character to their desperate mom or teacher, and I’ll even do characters 16+ as main characters, but no snu-snu)

Any requests you have, post them below and then we can start up a PM. Thanks in advance!

*004*2020-08-30 04:20

{{On 8/28/2020 at 11:09 PM, Zuorsara said:

Here's an idea that I'd quite like to see another writer tackle;

A human girl gets captured by some massive Orc women, led by an Orc futa. Due to a war, all the men are gone and the Orcs are constantly horny, and they use the human girl as a servant. She makes friends with a young Orc girl but is otherwise treated as a "weak little human", at their complete mercy.

She discovers that they have a particular kind of sport where they fill their bladders up to bursting, and then wrestle with each other until one of them wets themselves. The bigger the bladder, the higher place in society, with the futa chieftain having a gargantuan bladder.

The only way to escape is to beat an Orc in this sport, which seems impossible, until the girl discovers a particular kind of drink acts as a massive diuretic for Orcs. She challenges the futa chief and, despite the diuretic, barely wins, watching as the futa gushes gallons of hot, foamy piss all over the area floor

}}

Oohhh this sounds fun

