A night out with Tatiana Part 1&2

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-07-03 08:16

Before I start sharing my first story with you, let me introduce myself. My name is Rob and I live in the Netherlands. I have had very little English instruction in school so forgive my language and grammatical errors. I have multiple fetishes including women with full bladders and women who are underwater and hold their breath. I actually have some Croatian girlfriends but I changed their names. It is also true that I trade on the stock exchange and in real estate. The fictional part is the exaggeration of the large amount of money and beautiful houses. The women who fill their bladders for me are also wrong. But what is a life without fantasy?

###

My first story is about a good friend of mine. She is a lesbian so sex is not an option. When she's in the mood, she doesn't mind if I touch her breasts or her pussy. I really shouldn't go further than that because she doesn't like that and I respect that, although I don't find it easy. And she knows that and she likes to challenge me because even though she is a lesbian, she likes to be lusted by men. Tatiana likes to fill her bladder and I get to enjoy that. I find it very exciting when a woman has a full bladder and cannot or will not pee.

Tatiana was born in Croatia and is 30 years old. Her father was a diver and her mother worked in a restaurant. Tatiana enjoys running, gymnastics and swimming both above and underwater with or without oxygen cylinders. She is sporty and afraid of nothing and no one as far as I know.You can see that from her because her body is in excellent condition. She is slightly shorter than me, has dark eyes and black hair. We sometimes go to the sauna and her tan skin and her shaved pussy is something I can dream of. What a body that woman has.

I wish you a lot of reading pleasure.

###

A night out.

Part 1 What went before.

It must have been around 11 a.m. when the phone rang, it was Tatiana. Rob she said, the weather is lovely and I feel like going out tonight and filling my bladder. Would you like to come with me and make sure I don't go to the toilet?

This wasn't the first time she asked me that, but her openness continues to amaze me. Of course I want that, what do you suggest?

Well, I'd like to go and buy some new clothes and I'd love for you to come along. No problem I replied. Fine, then I'll be with you around 1 p.m. Can I sleep with you, she asked. No problem, but in the same bed. She laughed yes yes, I understand that but you know my limits. Well the game has started, I thought. She the attention and I my pleasure. When I had just finished showering, the doorbell rang. It was Tatiana dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. Even when she dresses simply she looks good.

Knowing that Tatiana would take her bladder about 5 to 6 hours to fill, she had no choice but to pee one more time before the evening started. Shall we have something to drink before we go to buy clothes or do you want to leave right away, I asked. I'd like another cup of tea, she said. We walked together to the garden where there are various tea herbs. I picked some of these herbs and put them in boiling water. So here you go peeing later in the evening and it protects you against infections in your bladder and urinary tract.

After talking in the garden for some time, Tatiana wanted to go to the store to buy clothes. We got up and walked to the bus stop. The bus came at 2:45 pm so we had to wait a little longer. It didn't take long for the bus to arrive, we got in and I paid the tickets to the driver. After about half an hour the bus stopped at the shopping center. We got out and walked into the mall. Despite the nice weather it wasn't that busy so we quickly reached the shop where Tatiana wanted to buy her new jeans. After some detective work she found 1 and took it to the fitting room. She came out and asked what I thought. To be honest, not so pretty, it's a very cheap pair of pants and your ass will hang in them. Rather take a more expensive one than it will be of some use. You're right, she said, and looked around. I have to pee from that tea of yours, but I can still easily hold it.

I don't doubt that, but before we really go out you have to pee. That's true, she said, otherwise it will take too long. Ah, I like these jeans but they are expensive. Try it on and then we'll see how it fit, I said. She came out of the dressing room and I looked at her wide-eyed. My god what a beautiful body you have Tatiana. You will probably look even better if you take a smaller size, want to try that? That's good she replied and took a smaller size. I heard some rumbling in the locker room and then she came out. You have to help me close Rob because I can't. Ok I said and I tried to close the pants. Wait, she said, you press my bladder so hard I almost pee my pants. Are you so desperate for 2 cups of tea, I asked. No, I had already drunk a lot at home, but I haven't gone to pee yet.

I take both pants with me and try to put on the smaller size after I have peed at home. That's a good plan, I said. They paid for the pants and we walked to the exit. Suddenly my attention was drawn to a beautiful black leotard with short legs. I'd like you to wear that leotard under your jeans and T-shirt, I said. I have a lot of leotards at home and it is also quite expensive for a hairdresser like me. I'll pay for it. You know that's no problem for me. I have earned enough on the stock market to live off it. Yes I know, she said. But 100 euro.

I also get a lot in return. That's right, was her answer. I have to undress almost completely when i go pee. You asked me to make sure you don't go to the bathroom. She laughed, you're right.

By now it was 5 pm and Tatiana said she really had to pee. The drinks from home and the tea had filled her bladder. Do you have time to eat something or do you want to go home right away? She thought for a moment as she crossed her legs. I need to go to the toilet but I can hold it for a while. Shall we eat a pizza and then take the bus home? That's good was her answer. We were on the bus on the way home when Tatiana said her bladder was really full. I asked her what she had been drinking at home. Not so much 4 glasses of water and 2 cups of coffee and then those 2 glasses of tea with you. You also drank 3 Coke with your pizza. All in all quite a lot. What time did you last go to the toilet? About noon, Tatiana said. It is now 6pm so that was 6 hours ago. Then it makes sense that you really need to.

The bus stopped at a stop and an unkempt person got on it. He looked drunk and screamed loudly. The driver stopped the engine and called the police. Tatiana started to wobble in her chair because the pressure became very great. Oh, I have to pee so hard my bladder is about to burst. Her legs kicked and she had both hands in her crotch. Damn this shouldn't be too long or I'll pee my pants. By now the police had arrived and tried to restrain the man. Tatiana who now had a really full bladder tried to unbutton her jeans but that did not work out. Shall I do it I asked, that's good but don't press too hard because I need super. Calm down, but you're used to worse. I tried to open her jeans and felt her hard bladder.

Fortunately, the jeans opened and that gave some relief to her bladder. That'll be something with your new jeans tonight, I said. Yes indeed and then also a leotard underneath. May I gently rub your bladder I asked. Before she could answer, there was a loud noise next to her chair. The drunk man had torn himself away from the officer but lost his balance. He fell on top of Tatiana, who let out a cry. The officer, who was now really angry because the drunk was harassing a woman, pulled the man away from her.

Miraculously, Tatiana had been able to hold back her pee, but the urge had become very strong. I'm about to slap Rob we have to go home, she stammered. We're driving again, we'll be there in a minute. We got off the bus at the stop and Tatiana walked home like a duck. Isn't this what you wanted, I asked. With a lot of effort she put a smile on her face. Yes, but I'll be glad when I peed. Oh, my poor bladder she moaned. When I opened the front door she shot in like an arrow from the bow. She opened the toilet door, pulled down her pants and started to pee. She didn't even bother to close the door so I stood in the doorway.

Unbelievable what a beam you look like a horse with this beam. Finally it stopped, she asked me to turn me around because she wanted to dry her pussy. I laughed and walked to the room. And while I was making coffee, I got an idea. Meanwhile, Tatiana came into the living room with relief. Would you like coffee, I asked then I can immediately tell you an idea of mine.

Come on, she said. I suggest we take a shower before we go out. You can go first so you can get dressed and make up while I'm in the shower. And what are you going to do when I'm in the shower, she asked? Well, I'm going to get some stuff ready for when we get home. I would really like to know what your bladder capacity is. I purposely said that so directly because I know she is bad at dealing with uncertainty. Oh do you want that? she said in a stern tone. It was a test that comes with her game. Yes, I would be happy to answer. Then we'll do that, she said with a laugh.

###

You can read more about this in part 2. If you have any questions, additions or criticisms, please do not hesitate to let us know. Who knows, I may learn from it. Again English is not my native language. I use google translate as support but I must have made mistakes.

*001*2022-07-08 01:53

Part 2 A night out

Finally Tatiana had finished taking a shower. I'm going to take a shower too, then you'll have time to get dressed. I was excited and little Rob had become big Rob by now. I turned on the cold water tap to cool down. I sometimes had a hard time staying within Tatiana's boundaries. Don't get me wrong because I think I can go very far because I can look and even feel, but not kiss or fuck. But what is forbidden is the most fun.

She knows how to drive me crazy because lesbian or not, it's still a woman. I turned off the tap and started drying myself. I was satisfied and was looking forward to a night out with Tatiana. I put on my jeans and T-shirt and used a little aftershave. It was good quality just like anything I own really. My nice profits on the stock market and real estate trading have ensured that I can live a nice life.

I walked into the bedroom where Tatiana was standing in her leotard. The short legs ended just above her knees and her feminine curves were well defined. That looks nice, but what are you waiting for, I asked. I need you to help me put on my new jeans. She put on her jeans but couldn't tie the button. I tried to close the jeans while she was standing but couldn't. I think you should lie down, I said. She lay down and took a deep breath to make her belly as small as possible. Her breasts shot up and that distracted me. It took a moment before I could concentrate again. I pulled both sides of the jeans and struggled to close the jeans. She exhaled and gasped some more. Does it fit or is it too tight.

If I want to enjoy it, it shouldn't be too easy, she said. But you have to tell me something, when I held my breath, you were distracted for a moment. It took a moment for you to close my jeans. It had been a long time since she could be shy. Ehh, yes I stammered, I also find it exciting when a woman holds her breath. The attitude of a woman who holds her breath is about the same as a woman who needs to pee. Only when she's holding her breath you have to be much more careful. I have nothing to do with plastic bags or strangulation sex, I said almost apologetically. But swimming underwater in her Lycra bathing suit with bated breath, I can enjoy that. I hope so, she said. We left the subject alone.

She was now dressed and wearing shoes with heels that were my height. She wore a nice red vest over her leotard. I grabbed a belt of my own from the wardrobe and put it backwards in her pants. You can't open it yourself like that, I remarked. This promises to be a full and painful night for my bladder, Tatiana said.

It was now 9 pm and we both thought it was time to go. I would like to go to a beach club with you, do you feel like that too? Yes, I replied, because I don't drink alcohol, we can go by car. That's good, then we also take something to drink with us if we get thirsty. She went to the fridge and grabbed some cans of Coke and a few beers for herself and put them in a cooler box. We walked to the garage and got in the car. We went to Scheveningen to take a gamble in the casino first. Tatiana opened a can of Coke and started drinking. Not too soon though, because this afternoon it almost went wrong. I'll take it easy but I'm really thirsty.

I ordered a beer for her and had a coke myself. It was a nice conversation, I've known Tatiana for some time, but we never talked about her or my background.

To continue with my story, my father is a diver there and my mother owned a restaurant. A very profitable restaurant I may say. She drank some of her beer and continued her story. Due to circumstances, the restaurant went bankrupt and there was not enough money for an education for me. My father, whom I love dearly, grew sadder by the day. He struggled with not being able to afford an education for me. That is the real reason for my move to my aunt and uncle. They have always understood my parents' decision and are very happy that my shop is profitable. Not that it makes me rich, but I earn a nice living with it. Her glass was now empty and as promised she switched to alcohol-free.

By now it was 01.00 and Tatiana indicated that her bladder is quite full. She has such willpower. She's been drinking for hours and hasn't peed yet. How are your parents doing now, I asked curiously. It's going pretty well. My father is now 63 and my mother 58. Unfortunately, my father still has to work because his pension is entirely devoted to paying off the debts. I'm very afraid something will happen to him. He is a diver at heart but he is too old for it. Diving demands a lot from your body and there are many dangers underwater.

My mother is very nice to him and takes good care of him. But diving at 63 years old should not be allowed. No, I replied, I don't think so either. But you'll be fine, don't worry too much.

She looked at me questioningly but I avoided her gaze. Shall we have something to drink to say goodbye to the evening? That's fine, she said. But my bladder is now very full and we are far from home. Those tight jeans don't do much good either and I'm sure you'll do your best to slow me down too. I sure will, I said with a laugh. Carefully I placed my hand on her bladder. It felt like a stone I pressed minimally. Her ass shot back and she looked annoyed at me. I told you my bladder is about to blow, so don't press it so hard because it hurts. Especially with these tight jeans. Let's go home, I said.

We walked to the parking garage as far as walking can be said. On the way I had to empty my bladder against a tree. Tatiana had walked on with her hands in her crotch. Did you have a good pee, she asked. Yes it was almost as nice as an orgasm, I said with a wink. We got in the car and drove out of the parking garage. Please watch out for the bumps in the road. My bladder is so full that every bump hurts. No sooner had she said than I drove through a pothole I hadn't seen. Ouch my poor bladder, what are you doing to her.

I will comfort her a little and rubbed her bladder very gently, touching her pussy as well. Your bladder is very swollen. Yes it really hurts when you rub it. Can you loosen those jeans because they are really tight now. Then I have to put the car to the side because driving is not possible. Drive on, she said, and she started to wiggle her ass a lot and her eyes got moist. Oh my bladder is that full. I almost explode. Unexpectedly, she took my hand and placed it on her chest. My breathing grew heavier with excitement. What is she up to, I thought.

Rob I'm really excited do you want to play with my boobs a little bit. What a game this is my cock got even harder than her bladder. I played with her breasts and felt her swollen nipples, I had to focus on the road. She swooned a little and despite her tight jeans I could see the huge ball in her abdomen. I couldn't resist rubbing her bladder and pussy. I wondered how much urine would be in her bladder. We drove into Rotterdam. She moaned and said she was afraid to pee her pants. Another 10 minutes and then we'll be home so hold it for a while. I have to I need to pee, I can hardly hold it anymore. Those damn pants are way too tight. I hope you don't want to delay me for long because I really need to pee. I believe that right away, I said as I pressed the button.

The garage door opened and we got out. We got out. Tatiana waddled in like a duck and moaned loudly. Fortunately no one could hear us. The other houses were too far away. In the living room Tatiana asked if I wanted to unbutton her pants. I unfastened the strap at the back and wanted to undo the button and zipper at the front. No sooner did I touch her lower abdomen than she started moaning. Rob gently please it really hurts. I decided not to take it too lightly. She couldn't handle that so I did it in one go. Ouch, she said but the knot is untied. She looked at me desperately as I unzipped her and pulled down her pants.

I was very excited about all this myself and could resist pressing her tightly against me. I took off her red cardigan and there she was in her half body leotard. Her abdomen was completely swollen. Oh Rob, can I please go pee it really hurts. I just want to slow you down and then you can pee in the measuring cup so we know how much urine is in your bladder. As long as you hurry, she said irritably. My bladder is about to explode. Undress yourself so you can pee in the measuring cup. I'll go to the bedroom but leave the door open so I can hear it. You can feel free to keep watching. You've seen and touched my pussy enough times, I was shivering with excitement.

Ok I said, let the flow begin. She squatted over the measuring container. Her legs formed a nice M but nothing came. My bladder is full, but I can't pee. Stand up and relax a little. She stood and her huge bladder stuck out. I look pregnant, she laughed. We need to see you relax, I said, otherwise it won't work. Rob, would you like to make love to me but I don't want to fuck. I undressed and she was startled by my hard cock. Holy shit she yelled, I grabbed her and laid her on the couch. We groped each other everywhere and I felt her huge full bladder.

It hit me like a stone. There was a huge amount of pre-cum coming out of my cock and I had to hold back a lot not to put it in her. I gently stroked her bladder and her shaved pussy. She took my hand and wanted to stick my fingers in her pussy. I followed her hand and felt that she wanted to push her limits. A finger shot into her wet pussy. Her body tightened and with a deep sigh she came. Can you pee now, I asked. I think so, she took the measuring cup and sat on top again and the urine squirted into the measuring cup. I stood there and looked at it.

$$

After a few minutes she was ready. She got up and rubbed her bladder for some time. My god my bladder was full I really thought she would clap. That's not so strange I said, according to the measuring cup there was 1200cc in your bladder. So you had to pee like a racehorse. Yes and I was very excited. You are the first man who got to be in my pussy. Then I've lost your virginity a bit, I laughed. We went to bed and fell asleep almost immediately. What a fun evening that was.

