A College Without Toilets

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-06-27 10:01

Janet looked down at the numbers again in partial disbelief. Her sharp jaw set as she made up her mind.

“Everyone into the faculty lounge- now.”

Her secretary, Mina shifted nervously on the spot. “Ma’am… it’s the middle of class right now”

Janet frowned and checked her Omega watch- she was right. The female classes would be ending in twenty minutes then there was a thirty-minute break before the male ones started. Janet couldn’t help wondering if Mina had any clue how bad this was. In some ways, it must be nice to be a mindless little bimbo.

“OK, then go into each classroom and tell them to wrap up ASAP! C’mon on now- chop chop!” Janet clapped her hands and scanned the room for things she might need for a shotgun meeting.

Ten minutes later, the lounge had filled with six attractive female professors in form-fitting business attire, along with Janet, Mina, Keri, and Jordan- the latter two were the college’s administrative assistants. The faculty was not only attractive but educated and trained exceptionally- to the point where they were outstanding educators. That was Pelletier College’s secret edge. While nearly everyone in the outside world believed wealthy International paid over double the comparable tuition rates to attend the private college because of gorgeous women, Janet knew there were many other factors at play.

Janet got straight to the point. She had considered an opening apology but had quickly dismissed the benign thought- she needed to be as strong, as direct, as possible with her message.

“OK, so we have a big problem.” She waved the paper aggressively around the room.

“Yeah, we figured.” Kathy muttered in her typical dismissive tone.

Janet gave her a stern look before continuing. “Well, you figured right. This is BAD. This SUCKS. We are F-U-C-K-E-D!!!

No one spoke this time, as the gravity of the situation sunk into the room. Janet let the pause prolong dramatically as looked around the room- there were no smiles now, only worried expressions.

Janet took a quick breath- it wasn’t entirely her staff’s fault this was happening. In fact, they had been everything she had hoped for, and more.

She lowered her voice a notch. “We are down 30% on new enrollments for next semester. I have warned you that our growth has leveled off and flattened in recent semesters, but now it seems like we are driving straight off a steep cliff!”

Janet paused again, and a shocked silence engulfed the room- the women shot worried looks at one another as they waited for more of the depressing speech.

Janet sighed. “What I need, ladies, is an idea- just one great idea. When we started two years ago, we were the hot new thing in town. We were risqué, cutting-edge. We pushed boundaries and challenged what education could be. Now, our brand is growing stale- we haven’t done anything innovative in a long while. There are a number of mickey-mouse, copy-cat schools stealing our business model- they are undercutting us. So, we need to do better- any ideas?”

She made pleading eye contact with the women she had hired personally. Over the course of a few minutes, her demeanor had shifted from outrage to desperate. There was no immediate reply from the group. The ladies were paid extremely well as a result of the high tuition rich kids paid to attend the unique college- having the gravy train halt suddenly would be terrible.

“Maybe we could dress hotter?” Francesca finally suggested. She was well-known around campus for pushing the boundaries with her sexy revealing outfits. Janet suspected she was into younger boys too. Her current boyfriend had just turned 19- the employment contract’s explicit ban on personal relationships had been added as a direct result of Francesca. Janet had gotten a chuckle of her quick frown when the policy had first been communicated.

Janet shook her head. “Francesca, that seems like more of the same. Parents are probably avoiding us for exactly this reason- too much sex and no quality education, in their view.”

Lynda, the math and statistics professor, spoke up, “Maybe we could mix the students together?”

Janet chewed her lip thoughtfully. Had it really come down to this? Separating the genders had been an important decision early on. By segregating students, Janet had managed to attract female students from conservative religious countries where education options were severely limited. The fact that their daughters could live and study in the same building without boys around was an appealing idea for wealthy traditional families.

After a long moment of pondering the idea, Janet rejected it. “No. I don’t think that’s something we can do right now. It might be something to consider in the future though- good thinking. Anyone else?”

Jordan looked around the room anxiously. Her fellow admin assistant and good friend, Keri, elbowed her and gave her an encouraging look. Jordan frowned- somehow Keri could always read her thoughts.

“Um… maybe we could have a no bathroom policy.” Jordan cringed as she spoke- it was naturally tough speaking up in a room full of professors but uttering these words was particularly painful.

To Jordan’s surprise, Janet didn’t cut her off immediately. Instead, she looked at her quizzingly, obviously expecting more details.

“Uh… I was just reading about this high school that closed their facilities during certain hours. They found that students did better.”

Janet stared on in bewilderment. It was a ridiculous idea, but she was intrigued. “Oh really? How so?”

Jordan spoke quickly, wishing she had kept her mouth shut. She could feel everyone’s eyes on her. “Well, it just cut down on wasted time. Basically, students were forced to stay in class until break times. Maybe, we could try something like that here.”

“I like it! This is just what we need to convince everyone we are serious about education. Once parents hear we don’t even interrupt class for pee breaks, they’ll know we are more than just a wanna-be Hooters!” Janet grinned- this idea could save her little college!

Kathy spoke. “Wait, what about us? There’s only one ladies washroom in here and it will have huge lines when we unlock it- all those bursting fannies.”

Janet’s smile dimmed. “You’re a big girl, Kathy. You can hold it- limit your fluid intake if you have to!”

A nervous murmur echoed around the room. This was bad. The women’s classes ran from 8:00 to 2:00 daily. There were ten-minute breaks at 10:00 and 12:00. This policy was undoubtedly going to make an unideal bathroom situation much worse.

“It’s fine everyone, the government will never allow this.” Gloria muttered. She shifted subtly in her chair as she spoke- her need for the toilet had been growing all afternoon and this conversation wasn’t helping matters.

“Maybe not, but I will give it my best shot.” Janet promised. The worried looks around the room intensified- the girls knew from experience that Janet always succeeded in getting what she wanted. As far-fetched as this idea seemed, there was still a possibility it could exist in some form.

Janet was growing visibly impatient “Listen, ladies- all of you are welcome to wear a diaper to work. It’s completely fine by me. Or you can quit. If some of you cranky oldies want to be replaced by young, hot lasses, I’ll be happy to make that happen for you!.”

The shock around the room intensified even further- she was serious about this!

“Well, I need to get back to work. I suggest all of you do the same. Great idea, Jordan.” As Janet strode out of the room, she gave the 22-year-old a quick slap on her butt, which was appealingly clad in a tight black skirt. The curvy half-Cuban jumped at the surprise contact. Jordan, too, hadn’t relieved herself since early morning and nearly leaked into her panties.

The women exchanged silent glances as they began filing out of the room. Several of them headed straight for the washroom- the late classes would be starting in fifteen minutes.

*002*2023-06-28 17:38

Delicately sipping her large black coffee, Janet exited the elevator. It was the first day of the new semester and with it came a new era for Pelletier College. As she occasionally did, Janet paused as she stepped out of the elevator at the second floor. She took a moment to admire her creation. The shiny bright lobby and reception circle, with the row of small glass-walled offices beside it. And the large rectangular classrooms behind it. Janet took a deep breath and walked on- her self-elevating pauses had not happened often enough lately, with the college’s declining enrollments.

The school had always been an impressive, even unbelievable, miracle of innovation. The 32-story building it was housed in was an awing marvel in itself. At the ground level, there were trendy, hip retail business, on both sides the grand building lobby. Pelletier College occupied the entire floor directly above. Then, above the college itself, sat thirty stories of prestigious one and two-bedroom condos. Janet herself owned one of them, up on the 16th floor.

Since the high-rise building with residential units had strict bylaws, the school had to be empty at precisely 8:30 pm everyday. That gave the college just the window needed to give the boys their six hours of education, with a half-hour to lock up. Via the help of an advanced security system, the cleaning services were permitted onto second floor at precisely 7 am each morning. The crew had to work quickly to get everything pristine for the imminent school day. Living upstairs worked well for Janet- she could always get to work early to open up, even stay late when needed.

As Janet walked into her gorgeous corner office, strategically designed with frosted glass for privacy, she took a quick glance at the ladies room. It was at the rear of the campus, about fifteen feet from the door to Janet’s office. It typically had small lineups between classes, as dedicated students refused to miss even a few minutes of class. However, the washroom was pretty busy during classes too, students coming and going from the eight-stall space. With the new self-locking mechanism installed, the ladies room would open when break-time started. It would announce a warning to vacate eight minutes later. There was another warning ninety seconds later and finally a countdown from 10. If a girl was still in the washroom at that point, she would have to press the help button and wait until someone outside entered the override code to let her out. Janet had communicated there would be consequences for students and employees alike if they ended up locked in.

If forced to speak honestly to herself, Janet would admit she never expected this idea to be approved by the government. She had presented research in front of an oversight board for private colleges and somehow been granted approval to try a compromised approach. The policy could be enacted during daytime hours when nearby businesses were, for the most part, open. A student could not be blocked from leaving campus at her free will (presumably to relieve herself) and Pelletier College had to keep a janitor on-site, just in case. Janet had specifically asked if she could lock washrooms for a portion of the males’ class time and had gotten approval to 5:00. However, she had ultimately decided a 2.5-hour policy for the boys wasn’t worth the trouble, nor the expense.

Janet had a certain curiosity about pee games. Her ex-husband used to jokingly pee on her in the shower and it was one of the many things that had annoyed her about him- hence the messy divorce. The golden shower had never evolved into anything more, not that it had ever had time to- the union had ended within three years.

Janet was older now, aged 41, but still quite the fox. The natural blonde stood 5’10 with a toned body and beautiful feminine curves in the right places- her hips and ass had filled out with even though she still exercised religiously. Janet always dressed well, but looked even sharper today as it was the first day of the semester. She wore a lavender business suit, its skirt not quite reaching her knees. Underneath the matching coat, she wore a tight white blouse which accentuated her 34C breasts.

Janet got to work as students started filing in. It wasn’t long before a girl tried the washroom door. In confusion, she pushed against it a few times before seemingly recalling the policy change. Janet mindlessly finished her coffee as she worked. She prided herself on taking a hands-on approach. As the owner of the Pelletier College, she was also its hardest worker. The first couple of hours passed without incident as Janet became absorbed in her work.

Then, the bell rang. The student who had tried the door earlier that morning rushed out of a nearby classroom and shoved her body into the washroom door desperately. Thankfully it opened, and she hurried in for some long overdue relief. Other students followed suit until there was soon a line outside of Janet’s door. Slowly, girls filed in and out of the washroom. Those who had taken longer to get to the line either walked away from it or begrudgingly made their way to the elevator to find a toilet somewhere else. They would undoubtedly be late for class, but it beat being uncomfortable for the next two hours.

As Janet exited her office to fetch a tall glass of water from the faculty lounge, she noted the line for the ladies room- it was made up of eight students and Gloria, Pelletier College’s HR instructor. Gloria was in the middle of the line shifting weight slowly from one leg to the other- left, right, left. On and on her dance went. A couple of the girls were in much worse shape. The girl just outside the bathroom door was clutching herself through her black habaya, obviously in urgent need for the toilet. With only four minutes left until the bathroom locked, it seemed unlikely each woman would get her opportunity for relief. There were undoubtedly three or four more lined up inside the bathroom door.

Observing the shifting in the line naturally guided Janet’s thoughts to her own bladder. Her coffee was making its way through her body and her bladder would surely need to be emptied soon. No matter, she would wait outside the toilet before the next break started. She firmly decided that she would follow her usual healthy hydration habits- she could hold her pee as needed, being a grown woman.

As Janet returned with her water, she heard the system warning that there were two minutes before lockdown. Gloria was now inside the washroom but a couple of the students at the end of the line reluctantly turned away, realizing they wouldn’t get an opportunity to pee. Inside the washroom, Gloria rushed into an empty cubicle just as the thirty-second warning started. Closing the door behind her but forgoing locking it, Gloria pulled down her dress pants and panties in one swift motion before planting her ass on the toilet. She peed hard, trying to empty her full bladder as quickly as possible.

Then, the ten second countdown started. Realizing there was no way she could get locked in on the very first instance, Gloria somehow willed herself to stop peeing and yanked up her pants without wiping. She felt her pee leaking into her panties as she rushed out of the washroom holding her trousers up with one hand. She just made it through the door as “Lockdown initiated” was being blasted over the speakers. As Gloria buttoned herself up outside, a student rattled the door from inside the washroom. Gloria recognized the voice- the desperate girl had been moaning behind her in line. The poor young lady had taken a risk to obtain some much-needed relief and had paid for it.

Gloria smoothed out her clothes as best as possible and rushed off to class, half-relieved. She could feel warm wetness on the inside of her legs. Fortunately, it seemed like nothing was showing on her dark pants. Inside the bathroom, Othella went back into the cubicle with a wet puddle on the floor. She had been unable to stop peeing quickly enough and her panties were now soaked underneath her skirt. Sobbing, she pulled them off and sat down on the toilet again to finish her pee. She pulled a large wad of toilet paper off the roll and wiped the floor as best she could. Not wanting her soiled panties to make a wet spot on her light blue skirt, Othella tossed them into the trash after exiting the cubicle.

Janet noticed the help button notification pop up on her computer screen. For now, only she knew the override code, but she suspected she would eventually need to share it with Mina for emergency situations. Janet was about to go free the entrapped woman from the washroom then decided it would be better to make her wait a little. Everyone here needed to learn how to act a little more grown-up.

Janet continued work between sips of water. Her bladder was becoming a real nuisance. Maybe she would treat herself to a quick pee when she freed the student. It was wrong, but she was the owner. It wasn’t really ideal for her to be seen waiting outside the washroom to take care of her need at break time. It was essentially wasted time- her day needed to be nearly perfectly productive for this business to work.

As she exited her office ten minutes later to finally free poor Othella, Janet’s eyes fell on the new janitor, Chris, in conversation with her assistant Mina. Janet could tell Mina needed to pee as she pointed Chris towards her office. Chris, a curvier woman dressed in stereotypical blue janitor attire and pushing along a cleaning cart, walked over to Janet and asked her about unlocking the toilets for cleaning after break-time, as the government had mandated. Janet led the way to the washroom and punched in the override code on the keypad on the door.

They walked in to find the distraught student sitting cross-legged on the floor, her back against the cold tiled wall. Janet addressed her sternly. “Come on- out! Back to class! Don’t let this happen again!”

The student didn’t need to be told twice- she scrambled to her feet and left the washroom. Janet took a responsible look around the facility. It seemed clean for the most part. Perhaps there would be puddles in classrooms as the day wore on. Being in the bathroom with a full bladder was hell. Janet once again grew tempted to use a toilet, but thought better of it- Chris would see her breaking her own rules and word could certainly spread. She awkwardly shifted her legs as she let Chris know the bathroom was getting locked again and she would open it after getting the help notification.

Twenty minutes later, Janet’s need had intensified to the point where it was difficult to focus on work. She was shifting constantly in her seat, even getting up to pace around the room every few minutes. She was regretting the large coffee and the tall glass of water after it. At long last, the help notification popped up. Janet nearly ran to the washroom but discovered Mina waiting outside of it, dancing on the spot. Janet could tell she was resisting grabbing her crotch through her mini skirt.

“Ma’am please, can I please pee really quickly?”

Janet tried to hide her own desperation as best she could. “No, I’m sorry Mina, but rules are rules.” She sternly gestured her away from the door and punched in the override code. Chris pushed open the door with her cart and Janet responsibly locked the door again.

Mina protested. “But how am I supposed to go downstairs to pee? Keri and Jordan cover for each other so they can leave!”

“You figure it out! But under no circumstance are you allowed to share information about my affairs with anyone else nor miss important phone calls.” Janet dismissively walked away as Mina whimpered helplessly. The poor executive assistant was stuck until the ladies room opened again in an hour and a half.

*005*2023-06-30 07:31

Mina squirmed urgently as she stood at her desk trying to jot down important details from the student recruiter. Over the past fifteen minutes, she had involuntarily squirted into her panties three times. Her lime-green mini skirt was wet as she pushed it hard against her wet crotch. Overtly soiling her clothing seemed like a slightly preferable alternative to hiking up her skirt and exposing her hot pink G-string panties. Cursed be the clear glass office walls- any onlooker could see poor Mina on the verge of soaking her skirt. She was grateful there were no men around to gawk at her- that was a thin silver lining.

As Mina tried to get through the call without making a puddle at her desk, students and faculty alike started lining up outside the ladies room. The desperation was ubiquitous now- there were dancing women all around campus. Two professors had already ended their lessons in the hopes of relieving themselves quickly. However, some of their visibly desperate students had bolted from the classroom to join the lineup while their lecturers scrambled to pack up behind them.

Inside the college’s largest office, Janet desperately scanned her surroundings for something to relieve herself in- she had to go badly now. Her skirt was hiked way up as she clutched herself openly in the privacy of her frosted-glass office. Unfortunately, she saw no container or plant to pee in and she had no idea how she would go outside looking like a little schoolgirl. Her best bet was to run into the toilets right when they opened- perhaps then no one would notice just how desperate she was. Why hadn’t she just unlocked the bathroom earlier and peed? What a childish, stupid mistake she had made!

Finally off the phone, Mina exited her small office and hobbled in the direction of the washroom, gripping her pussy for dear life. There were still two minutes left to break time, but she had already seen girls running off towards the loo. Her heart sank as she got in line and counted the wriggling women in front of her. Exactly eight of them- they would occupy all available stalls and Mina would have hold on an additional two or three minutes. That could be the drop of water that would burst the dam.

Behind Mina, desperate girls sighed and gasped as they struggled with the dire fullness of their bladders. Most of them bolted towards the elevator hoping to get to find an available toilet in a store downstairs. Blushing beet red, Janet exited hastily made her way through the busy hallway openly clutching her pussy. She gasped as she saw the line of twenty-some ladies awaiting sweet relief. A squirt escaped her and a warm wetness covered her fingers as she made the immediate decision to turn and run to the elevator. As she hobbled on, shocked eyes locked in on her- Pelletier College’s well dressed and normally composed leader was on the verge of pissing herself.

“Excuse me! Coming through! Please, it’s an emergency!” Janet pleaded desperately as she walked. This was not the time to preserve her dignity. No, she was much too close to wetting herself for that.

In urgent need, with a humiliating toilet accident imminent, Janet barged through the desperate group of women waiting outside the elevator to squeeze in as the doors opened. Other women stubbornly crammed in despite Janet’s selfish efforts to shut the elevator and get down to the hotel lobby as quickly as possible. She was quickly pushed to the back and young female bodies slammed into her. Her painful yells were ignored and she helplessly leaked into her undergarments a second time. Tears ran down her cheeks as streaks of warm urine ran down her slender legs, clad in brown pantyhose.

Inside the washroom upstairs, Mina desperately twisted and turned in place, trying to hold her pee in for just a minute longer. All eight cubicles were now occupied by women sporting very full bladders, and so, Mina endured an even greater torture. The overwhelming sound of ladies urgently peeing into toilet bowls supplemented by blissful sighs of relief left her no choice but to continue urinating in her panties. Then came the nearly uniform flushing of toilets. A cubicle door finally swung open but it was too late. Mina lost control where she stood and began forcefully wetting her skirt. Her hot pee flowed through her panties and drenched her mini-skirt. As cubicles opened, ladies behind her hurried through the growing light yellow puddle on the floor to prevent their own accidents.

Francesca began leaking into her leather skirt upon witnessing the huge accident and searched desperately for an open cubicle. Finding none, she lifted up her skirt and spread her legs to minimize the adverse impact of the unavoidable wetting accident. Students stared as the curvy 33-year-old Costa-Rican marketing professor peed through her white bikini-cut panties, making them transparent. She sighed as the awesome burden lifted from her strained body and, with eyes closed, leaned backed into the wall. The tall, curvy Latina with a big bladder continued peeing long after Mina had finished, her perfectly manicured vulva on display for all to admire.

Finally able to exit the elevator, Janet hobbled to the giant desk in the lobby. Despite her pleas, the burly security officer denied her request to use the reserved bathroom sitting vacant behind him. She leaked again as she called him a perverted bastard and headed to the Elevator #3 which served floors 11 through 19. A couple of early-20s men stepped out and laughed at the surreal scene- a hot older woman was peeing her pants in public. Ignoring them, Janet dashed into the elevator and pressed button 16, whispering and willing the elevator to close and take her up to her unit. “Come on, come on!”

By miracle, the elevator didn’t stop along the way and Janet reached the 16th floor with just another squirt’s worth of damage to her skirt. But it was truly a matter of seconds now- Janet was losing a watery battle with her bladder and inching ever closer to completely soaking her clothes. She bolted through the hallway to the end praying none of her neighbors would show up, especially not the handsome older gentleman who lived in the unit across from hers. She danced in place with one hand still in her crotch as she fished her coat pocket for the key. Fortunately, it was there- in the hustle and bustle of the day, she had neglected to move it to the rightful place in her purse, which sat on her work desk downstairs. Unfortunately, her bladder was too full for the lucky break to matter. As she fiddled with the lock, Janet began helplessly wetting her skirt.

Her violent squirming proved worthless as Janet's bladder gave up and her long-held pee exploded from her urethra, engulfing her legs in a shiny wetness. As she finally got her door unlocked with trembling hands, Janet heard the sound of Tim’s door opening behind her. She quickly moved inside and shut the door behind her. Tim would surely notice her dark wet spot on the light grey carpet, but there was no absolutely reason to show off her embarrassing accident any more than necessary. Still uncontrollably peeing, Janet entered her washroom and sat down on the toilet seat, fully clothed. As shudders of relief vibrated through her body, Janet burst into tears. The reality of today's events was just now hitting her as her bladder emptied with a final few bursts into her panties. She, the owner and president of Pelletier College, had just wet her pants at work.

*010*2023-07-02 07:52

Up in her apartment, Janet had strongly considered skipping the rest of the day, perhaps never setting foot in her own school again- any woman would have the same thoughts after the incredible humiliation she had just suffered. However, while sobbing in the shower, she had suddenly remembered the very important meeting she had downstairs- the 1:30 meeting with the Director of Institution Oversight for Private Educational Institutions Regulatory Board of California! At that point, it had been too late to cancel it, as it was already past 1:00!

Janet had scrambled to exit the shower and dry off. If anything, she was adding a slim layer of plausible deniability to her accident by returning to work confidently. If she missed time, her absence would confirm she had indeed peed herself. Right now there was a chance nobody had seen her pee- it was a slim chance, but it was possible. Maybe everyone at work was just certain of her desperation and no one knew if she had actually leaked. But there was a problem… showing up in the same skirt was not an option- it was absolutely drenched.

The closest other skirt Janet had was a pink one. She had hurriedly redressed in her bra and blouse before dashing to her bedroom to find the skirt. Truth be told, she had known that nobody would be fooled- the colours weren’t really close. But Janet had powered through her anxious thoughts and pulled on the first panties she could find, a black and lacy pair. She had then pulled the clean skirt up her legs. Her purple shoes had no longer matched, but no matter- she was well past having fashion concerns at that point. She had stepped into the heels, locked the door, and rushed back to the elevator.

Thankfully, the Pelletier College hallway had been empty when Janet had reached it. Mina had gestured at her as she had stormed past her assistant’s office. Janet had known what she was going to say- the director was already waiting in her office.

Now, forty minutes later, the meeting was over. Alex, a woman, to Janet’s surprise, had been satisfied with the campus tour. While inspecting the bathroom, the government agency director had excused herself into a stall, promising to be right back with Janet. She had sighed audibly while peeing noisily into the toilet bowl. This act had been followed up with a relieved smile at Janet while washing her hands- “Ah that’s much better!” Alex had moaned, closing her eyes briefly for emphasis. “It was a forty-five minute drive here and I love my morning coffees and lunchtime water.” She jokingly explained with a chuckle.

Janet had been taken aback by the 40-something woman’s questioning. She had asked her repeatedly about the students not being able to access the either the male or female toilets no matter what, even if they needed to pee really badly.

“Even if they are about to wet their pants?” Alex had asked directly.

“Even then if they are about to wet their pants.” Janet had confidently retorted, with a stern nod of confirmation.

As she had done throughout the inspection, Alex fired unrelenting follow-up questions.

“What if the bathrooms downstairs are all out of order?”

Janet bit her lip before deciding sympathy equated to weakness for strong female like Alex. This wasn’t even a realistic scenario, just a test of her principles.

“Absolutely- our staff, faculty, and students are all very professional. They can wait until the bell goes.”

“What about you? Are you professional too?”

Janet hesitated. Did Alex know she had wet herself just over an hour ago? No, she was probably just being a hard ass.

“Y- yes, of course. I can wait too.”

“Good.” Alex flashed her a quick smile and locked eyes with her for a moment, before looking down at her binder to resume the journey through her lengthy list of questions.

Janet had continued lying through Alex's interrogation on the day’s events and her personal bathroom experiences. The meeting finally ended as students emerged from their classrooms at 2:00. Alex finally stood up and offered a goodbye handshake as their surroundings grew louder with chatter and clacking of heels. However, after exiting the office and noticing the washroom line-up outside, Alex asked to observe the area during the break, promising to see herself out afterwards. Janet accepted the arrangement and returned to her office. Fortunately, there didn’t seem to be too much ruckus outside- most of the girls were simply leaving the campus, backpacks on backs, as they were done for the day. It seemed like they had already learned valuable lessons on limiting fluid intake and heading straight to nearby shops rather than waiting in line.

As she returned to her office, Janet wondered if Alex had some sort of pee fetish, as her ex-husband had. A surprise approval of this policy and the direct questioning certainly supported this idea. Whatever the case, Janet cursed her unlucky stars for things working out the way they had. Nothing was worth wetting herself at work, in front of her employees and students. Not even the 20% jump in enrollments this semester.

The campus steadily quietened again- there would be about ten minutes of quiet before the gents began filing in for their classes. Janet noticed shadows of two profs walking past her frosted glass office. Their heads were turned towards the office wall as they walked, speaking in hushed tones as they walked. Janet rushed to her office door and locked it. She then hurried back to her desk shoeless and located the hidden switch inside her desk drawer- the one which controlled the security system in the faculty room. The ladies all knew about the cameras- they could see them obviously. But only Janet knew about the hidden microphones.

As usual, the system’s audio started before the video component. Janet recognized the voice as Samantha’s. “I bet she wet her skirt- she was looking like she had to go really bad before.” The screen in front of Janet finally produced an image of the lounge as Samantha finished her sentence. "Like this?" She gripped the crotch of her tight dress pants and hopped up and down, generating laughter from her companion.

Janet recognized the woman standing next to her as Janelle, Samantha’s BFF.

“Yeah totally, Sam- I saw her run off towards the elevator when she saw the huge lineup out there. She definitely leaked into her pants and changed upstairs. We saw- she’s wearing pink now!” Janet, red from a mix of humiliation and anger, turned her attention to the other screen. Unfortunately, Kathy was there too, seated one the sofa, knees held tightly together with her hands folded on her lap.

Kathy laughed with the others, before adding her own salt to Janet’s wound. “I don’t really blame her- she’s old eh. It My mother-in-law dribbles into her undies every time she laughs or sneezes!

There was harder laughter this time. Janet’s embarrassment was being overrun by her anger. Kathy was her enemy- a real goddamn pain in the ass.

Kathy continued, still upset about how dismissive Janet had been of her in that historic initial locked bathroom meeting. Since then, the coldness between the two women had only grown. “Man, that bitch is so mean sometimes, especially now with these locked toilets. I hope she didn’t just squirt. I hope she had a huge accident like Mina did! “

“Damn, did you guys see that?” Janelle gasped. “I heard about it. I was downstairs when that happened- the line was too long here and…”

Unfortunately for Kathy, the conversation had been shifted into a different direction. Janet allowed herself to breathe softly as she hunched over her computer. The volume was low, so no one outside could eavesdrop.

Samantha interrupted Janelle’s trailing story. “Yeah dude wow, I was behind her in the line and she totally wet herself waiting for a cubicle to open up and then Francesca lifted up her skirt and did the same thing. I saw it all- everyone there was, like, SO shocked!”

“Oh. My. God. I would, like, totally die from shame if I pissed myself like that. Are they still here?” Janelle replied excitedly. She had grabbed Samantha’s hands and was moving them up and down as she spoke. She was by far the most animated person at the college. Her enthusiastic squeaky voice could be heard in multiple classrooms, despite closed doors, when she taught- it was no surprise her students loved her. Of course, her 40D breasts which jiggled each time she excitedly hopped didn’t hurt either.

“Yeah, I just walked by Mina’s office- she’s sitting in there. It must stink in there eh? Wow..” The younger ladies continued chattering about Francesca’s and Mina’s accidents as Kathy lifted herself off the couch and headed to the washroom. It was unlocked now so she wouldn’t have to run downstairs again like she had done at 12:00. This stuff was a drag, but she was an athlete with a fit bladder. Holding her pee was no issue and going downstairs boosted her step-count anyway. If she had to, she could easily hold from morning till the ladies room opened for good at 2:00. But why suffer?

Janet hastily muted her computer and stepped out of her office to confront Kathy. Over the past thirty seconds, she had decided that she would not be ashamed, but take back control of this college. It was time to teach these ungrateful bitches a lesson.

*014*2023-07-25 21:56

Sorry lol, I've been so slammed with work... I promise you I will continue writing this, but kindly be patient haha

*015*2023-09-09 15:06

Alex’s butt wriggled in her car seat as eagerly waited for the light to turn green- just a minute away from Pelletier College. It was her second trip there and she had been counting down the days for weeks. The memory of the surprise phone call from Janet was a fond one. When Janet had told her what she was planning, Alex had immediately begun touching herself through her dress pants. She had immediately penciled in the visit to Pelletier College, far and away her favorite educational institution.

The familiar feeling of an intensifying need to pee hit Alex as she exited her car in the spacious underground parking lot. Due to her fervent hydration habits, nearly all of her drives were immediately followed by an urgent trip to the toilet. The foldable waterproof mat she kept in the pouch behind the driver seat had saved her leather several times during traffic jams. Of course, discreetly changing out of wet clothes into the fresh ones she kept in her trunk was always a challenge, especially in busier cities. A fair number of gas station cashiers had seen her soaked butt over the years.

Alex rode the parking garage elevator up and took a moment to admire the well-lit lobby of the prestigious building. As she strode across the floor to the other elevator which went upstairs to the college, her clacking heels and attractive figure drew the attention of the security guards. She flashed the men a quick smile before entering the lift with a group of female students.

Alex tapped her foot impatiently at the front of the elevator, her need to pee intense and immediate. Since her morning pee, she had downed half of her one-litre water bottle, a large mug of coffee, and a tall glass of grapefruit juice. After a ten-minute stop at the office, she had made the arduous one-hour journey in Monday morning traffic.

Finally, the elevator opened and Alex stepped out. She immediately noticed Janet talking to Mina, her assistant. Their eyes met and the owner of the college gracefully strode over with a warm handshake and a smile. Alex admired the older woman’s shapely ass in a professional black skirt as she led her guest to the break room. As Alex stepped through the open door, Janet locked it behind them and pulled the blinds down.

The other instructors were already in the room and a nervous energy filled the room as Janet addressed her employees. “Good morning, ladies.”

A scattered mumbling of greetings replied, and Janet continued. “As you all know, today is a special day. Alex here is back with us- she will be observing.”

The tension seemed to multiply as the women in the room eyed the guest anxiously. Alex got the sense that most of them were only going through with this to keep their jobs. In any case, she felt so grateful for all of it. Thank God for her job. Thank God for Pelletier College and its extremely attractive professors! She tried to stop her subtle shifting- veiling her extreme desperation while she was hopelessly turned on was tough!

Fortunately, Janet quickly redirected the spotlight back to herself. “So, you all know what we are doing next.”

She began unbuttoning her jungle green blouse as the other women watched her in shock. She tossed her shirt on the couch behind her and then unzipped her skirt. There was a collective gasp around the room as the garment fell to the floor, revealing an adult diaper. Janet, wearing a cherry-red bra, stood in place for a moment before clapping her hands together.

“Come on now ladies, chop chop! We are doing this together- let’s get going!”

Shyly, the other women also began stripping off their business attire down to just bras and diapers. Kathy scowled as she slowly removed her skirt. Janet had made her model the diaper, along with several others, to her co-workers in the break room. It had been one of the most humiliating experiences of her life. Janet had placed a half-dozen diapers on the breakroom table and asked Kathy to strip down to her bra and panties. Then, she had made her try on each of the diapers over her blue bikini-cut panties as the other women had giggled and given feedback on the diapers. Kathy was glad they were getting punished today, even if she had to go through the ordeal again herself.

Alex nearly started peeing as she hungrily consumed the hot scene around her. She took a moment to press her hand against her crotch; fortunately, everyone else in the room was to busy undressing to notice. Unbeknownst to Alex, Janet was eyeing her amidst the ruckus. She reached into her purse to produce a spare diaper. She wordlessly offered it to Alex.

Alex blushed. “Oh no thanks, I don’t need…”

“Are you sure? The toilets are closed for a couple of hours.”

Alex realized that Janet knew that she had to pee. She thought to ask Janet to unlock the facilities for her, but realized how weak that seemed to the others who were openly sporting diapers in front of their students. There was no way she would last two hours without wetting her panties- she had to go way too badly!

“OK then, just to support all of you!” Alex enthusiastically grabbed the pullup diaper and raised it up in the air with a smile. Not wanting to remove her naughty thong panties in front of the others, she quickly stepped into the diaper and pulled it up under her tight grey skirt. Wearing a diaper intensified her need to urinate further- she shifted uncomfortably as she smoothed her skirt.

Unfortunately for everyone, Janet’s sadistic experiment had yet another twist. She reached into the cupboard behind her and pulled out a 24-pack of half-litre water bottles. “Now, before we go out there, we need to make sure this is the real deal, not just some gimmicky show. Our students have to see that we are doing this for real! So, let’s drink up quickly before we head out there- two full bottles each ladies, no cheating!”

Alex accepted her own bottles from Janet, knowing it was hypocritical to decline after she had donned the diaper to support the group. She was really struggling to prevent squirting now- she feared she would soak her underwear and diaper before they even left the breakroom!

With only a few minutes to class starting, Janet urged everyone to chug down the water. She was the first to finish her own bottles. Dancing helplessly in place, fighting the urge to grab her crotch, Alex just managed to finish her second bottle as Janet instructed everyone to follow her out of the breakroom, out into the busy hallway. She greeted shocked students in the hallway as they stopped and stared. The normally sharp-dressed head of the reputable college was wearing nothing but a bra, diaper, and heels. Behind her, the school’s faculty followed, equally immodestly.

As the teachers branched off in different directions to get their lessons started, Alex followed Janet into her office. She grabbed her crotch and rocked back and forth- hiding her desperation was no longer an option. The water she had just drunk was seemingly already filling her bladder and it was just too much. She was on the verge of wetting herself.

Janet glanced at the attractive young brunette for a moment before flicking on the PA system and focusing on the paper at her desk. “Good morning, Pelletier College students. As you may have noticed, it is Diaper Day at our college today. For the first couple hours, your professors will be wearing diapers as they educate you. Also, me in my office- please stop by for a visit if you would like a peek!”

She continued after a brief pause and another glance at struggling Alex. “You might be wondering why we are doing this. Well, it is in appreciation of your own efforts to make our locked toilets program a success! Over the past month, we have had a lot of crotch holding, even a fair number of wet panties. But you have done well! Grades have gone up and wettings down- congrats to all of you!”

Alex whimpered softly as a squirt escaped her- she was officially peeing her panties. Janet paused again to admire her desperate struggle.

“So, today, the tables are turned. You will get to see us get more desperate as we teach. We have all drunk a lot of water this morning so please enjoy the show! Some of us might end up with soggy diapers before the end of class so pay attention!”

As Janet flicked off the PA system, Alex couldn’t hold on any longer. She started peeing full-force into her diaper and it filled with a warm wetness. Janet could hear the hissing and see the sweet relief on Alex’s face. She walked over and pulled up her skirt to admire the filling diaper. She placed her hand on the diaper and gently rubbed the warm, wet garment up against Alex’s still-peeing pussy.

Alex gasped as the final few spurts of urine exited her strained bladder and Janet kissed her softly on the lips. “All done?” The taller, older woman asked as her lips moved lower down to Alex’s feminine neck.

“Yes!” Alex gasped, already on the verge of climaxing. Janet pulled down her skirt and reached into her wet diaper to touch her pussy through her wet panties. As the slender cool fingers gently masturbated her throbbing clitoris, Alex erupted and fell to the floor, Janet on top of her. She screamed as she climaxed, overcome by the most intense orgasm of her life. Janet covered her mouth to stifle the loud scream, but it was too late. Mina came into the room to find the two diapered women in an obvious sexual embrace on the office floor. Apologizing, she exited the room as Alex’s heavy panting continued.

Realizing she had neglected to assign her assistant an important task that morning, Janet followed her out of the office, leaving Alex in her beautiful post-bliss haze. Diapers were fun and all, but work was always first priority.

*017*2023-09-23 01:19

Thanks Blue- soon! Appreciate your ongoing encouragement!

*019*2023-09-25 18:39

Janet smiled to herself in the mirror as she ruffled her blond hair one final time. Her eyelashes were long and perfect. Her lips were maroon red and perfect. Her teeth were pearl white and perfect. She looked great and would feel great too, if not for the fluttering butterflies in her stomach… and the common discomfort experienced by a woman in her forties with a filling bladder.

As she locked up, Janet recounted how it had all come to be yet another time. She chuckled to herself as she recalled her intense wriggling in front of a soaked Alex as she announced, urgently on the PA system, the end of the diaper period. After releasing the button on the wall, Janet finally allowed herself to release her flood into the more-than-moist diaper.

Alex’s eyes had widened even further as the white diaper in front of her had rapidly darkened with wetness, the older lady’s blissful sigh serving as beautiful music to her ears. Equally importantly, the sound of the deep relieved sigh was replaced by a soft peeing hiss. The bulky material sagged as it filled with hot pee. Janet had slumped against the wall behind her, her eyes closed and unmistakeable relief on her face.

Unfortunately, the sound of Janet’s pee was quickly overrun by the noisy ruckus in the hall. The sound of running heels clacking loudly in the direction of the ladies room came first, followed by quick-walk clacking towards the staff breakroom. About a third of the teachers were desperately seeking a toilet to prevent a very imminent accident, while the other two-thirds were looking to change out of their soggy wet diaper as quickly as possible.

It had been a truly humiliating experience for all of the women, but the biggest sufferers were those who had helplessly lost control of their bladders in front of their students- despite their desperate wriggling and crotch clutching. The female students had relentlessly laughed and joked, some even finding creative ways to snap cell phone photos- phones had, of course, been banned by Janet that morning, but horny, shocked students will find their ways.

Janet left a horny, wet, diapered Alex alone in her office for the second time that day. She rushed off to join the other wet ladies in the break room so she could change out of the soiled diaper. Alex would have followed her down the hall if not for the fact that she really had to pee again. Sitting on one of the two guest chairs in Janet’s office, she luxuriously released her full bladder into her soaked diaper again. However, in her blissful eyes-shut haze, Alex neglected to notice her pee flowing out of the at-capacity diaper. When she finally opened her eyes after finishing peeing, she noticed the wetness on the chair and the waterfall flowing off it into a giant wet spot on the carpet.

Alex sat frozen in place, in a cold shock and totally unsure of what to do. She had just accomplished the ultimate baby move- wet her diaper so heavily that it had leaked all over the CEO’s office. And in just two hours at that! If only she had just gone to the washroom instead of wetting her diaper a second time! God, she was SUCH a moron!

Janet had returned to her office five minutes later, properly dressed in a business skirt and panties and carrying Alex’s dress pants. “Hey, I brought your ….“ Her voice trailed off as she took in the giant wet mess in front of her. Alex didn’t dare turn around to face her; tears had begun streaming down her face.

Janet immediately went into mother mode- she rushed over to comfort the distraught woman, burying her crying face into her pear-shaped 34C breasts. It took most of ten minutes to convince the younger woman that it was not a big deal- that the cleaning staff would steam clean the carpet the following morning. Janet took the liberty of asking a very vulnerable Alex out on a dinner date and she accepted. The ladies exchanged a quick kiss before Alex changed out of her wet diaper and headed back to her car.

It was now Friday night and the much-anticipated rendezvous was finally happening! Despite having a bit of sex already, the two women were going on their first official date together. They had agreed to drink a healthy volume of water throughout the day in preparation for the fun together. In their long phone calls together, Alex had shyly revealed the full extents of her interests of her interest in women and their wet panties, while Janet’s initial interest in both things was quickly growing.

The drive to the famous Italian restaurant took thirty minutes in Friday evening traffic. By then, Janet was absolutely bursting for a wee. As she had promised Alex, she had continued sipping water on her drive in. As she walked from the parking lot to the entrance of the restaurant, she couldn’t help but hope that Alex was equally desperate- she really needed the toilet soon or she would wet her pink silk panties, a perfect match to her elegant dress.

Alex waved at her from a table for two by the back window, so Janet quickly dismissed the greeter with a smile and gesture towards the empty seat. She tried to hide her desperation as she walked, knowing Alex would be eagerly looking for any sign of it. Janet braced herself as the shorter woman wrapped her in a tight hug and offered her a kiss. Despite the attention from surrounding tables, Janet gave the attractive thirty-eight year old a quick peck on the lips.

Despite her pressing urge to nip off to the ladies, Janet slid into the cushioned booth across from her and tried to act casual. She REALLY needed to pee, but wanted to show strength for a few minutes anyway. She wasn’t a little girl that needed the toilet immediately after arriving at a fancy dining establishment.

Janet tried her level best to match Alex’s brilliant smile as they made small talk for what seemed like ages. Janet had her left hand in her crotch as she struggled not to squirt into her beautiful new dress. As the waitress, Zoe, brought them tall glasses of water and took their drink orders, Alex made it a point to chug half her glass before setting it down.

“Ah, so refreshing- I am so damn THIRSTY today!” she exclaimed.

Not wanting to be outdone, Janet picked up her own glass and took several gulps. Her need to pee immediately intensified and she pressed hard against her pussy to prevent a leak. Her dress was hiked up now and her fingers were pushing hard on the crotch of her panties.

Alex wriggled in her seat and inhaled deeply. “Oh, this water is just running right through me! I’ve gotta GO! Wanna share a cubicle?”

Janet didn’t need to be asked twice- she immediately let go of her crotch and rose up to follow Alex into the ladies room. She couldn’t stop herself from leaking this time- a few drops escaped into her panties before she could clutch herself again. Fortunately, Alex had already turned around- Janet took a moment to admire her backside in the chocolate brown form-fitting dress.

Fortunately, the ladies room was vacant and they were able to run into the first cubicle unseen. Alex pulled up her dress and planted her butt on the toilet while Janet hastily locked the cubicle door. She turned around to discover Alex wetting her white panties with a naughty smile on her face. Her panties had grown transparent as a result of the wetness and her appealing vulva was clearly visible to Janet.

Unfortunately, seeing Alex’s relief and hearing her pee noisily splattering into the toilet was too much. Janet lost control and started wetting herself. She thoughtfully raised her dress to save it from a soaking and gave the other woman her own show to enjoy amidst simultaneous relief. Alex gasped at the sight and began touching herself through her wet panties as she peed.

As they finished peeing, voices entered the bathroom outside. Alex and Janet slyly smiled at each other as they ditched their soaked underwear in the giant pee puddle on the floor and rushed out of the bathroom holding hands. It was a great start to a very special first date and hot new relationship.

