Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 3

Author: Fuchsa9073

*054*2021-10-20 08:40

Erica reported to the head custodian at 10am for her Community Service. She was given her cleaning cart and a list of all the restrooms in the school. Since Erica still had diaper changing duty, as well as toilet scrubbing duty, she was instructed to clean the two toilet cubicles in the nurse's office from 10am to 11am, change diapers from 11am to noon, then return to normal toilet cleaning duty in the remainder of the school from noon until 7pm.

Erica stopped short as she stepped into the first dirty stall, it was a disaster! The nurse walked up behind Erica and said "One of the juniors had a bad upset stomach this morning. She barely got her pants pulled down in time, another 20 seconds and she would have made a nasty stain in her underwear."

"I'm really glad she made it, I hate having to write up students for having accidents." The nurse continued, "The Maternal Responsibility Act has sure made accidents more humiliating. I used to take some comfort in knowing the student would be punished privately; now that the offense is part of the public record at her mom's hearing, the school has no obligation to keep the student's punishment private."

Erica nodded her head in agreement as she picked up the cleaning brush from her cart. It took a while for Erica to get the toilet presentable again. The second stall was nearly in the same state as the first, but she said nothing; she would much rather clean the messy toilet than see a student and their mom get punished!

At 11am Erica pushed her cleaning cart out of the way and set to the task of changing diapers. The line of students waiting to be changed seemed quieter than they had the week before. A sophmore named Kara finally revealed the added tension. As Erica unbuttoned Kara's jeans the girl said "It won't be a secret anymore. Everyone will know why we have to come to the nurse everyday. Right now they think we need to take medications at lunch time, when your daughter wets her pants again everyone will finally know. I hate the Maternal Responsibility Act! When it happened to us the punishment was private; with Grace, everyone knows. It'll only take a few days of Grace sitting with us before everyone suspects why we are here too."

Erica felt a pang of guilt as she looked at Kara's glum face. When Erica had voted in favor of the Act she hadn't considered a situation like this. "I'm sorry" said Erica as Kara climbed down from the table and left.

After diaper changes, Erica went back to toilet scrubbing duty. The restooms near the cafeteria had plenty of use and needed a lot of her time. She was only half done with the girls room when the bell rang for the end of fifth period and girls started to fill the room. Erica stood in the corner next to her cleaning cart for the next five minutes as girls came and left. Erica heard snippets as the girls whispered: "punishment"...."Grace's mom"...."wet her pants, too"... Erica knew why Kara was so concerned about her classmates finding out her secret. The gossip in school was relentless; even as a mom, Erica was subject to snide remarks.

The restroom emptied as sixth period began, as the last girl walked out Erica began to feel a fullness in her bladder. It wasn't anything urgent yet, just enough for Erica to know she would be uncomfortable long before her day was over.

Erica finished cleaning the girls room and moved her cleaning cart to the boys room. The boys room was far dirtier than the girls room. The area around the urinals was absolutely disgusting. She got to work with a scrub brush, as she scrubbed Erica felt the sloshing of her bladder. She unconsciously bounced a little from leg to leg trying to find a position that eased the pressure on her bladder

Erica managed to clean away the first layer of grime before the bell rang and boys flooded into the restroom. Erica wanted to leave as the boys came in, instead she grabbed her cleaning cart and moved to the corner. The instructions had been very clear, she was not allowed to leave a restroom until she had finished cleaning it. Erica's cheeks flushed as she listened to the boys talk about her. The boys obviously knew just as much as the girls about why Erica was standing in their bathroom. "Pissed her pants"....."spanked at the BBQ"...."MILF"...."just Google: hot mom pees during pubishment"...."Looks like she's doing the potty dance now".

The comment Erica heard as the last two boys were leaving put her into a bit of a panic. Listening to the sounds of all those boys relieving themselves, followed by the sound of rushing water with each flush, had certainly made Erica more aware of her rapidly filling bladder. She had known she was squeezing her thighs together, she thought she had been discreet, obviously her squirms had been quite pronounced.

Erica continued cleaning when the boys were all back in class. As she cleaned, the pressure in her bladder continued to build. She remembered what she'd heard the kids whispering and felt quite embarassed. Embarassment soon became concern for Grace. Erica knew her daughter must hear very similar things all day.

A wave of pain washed over Erica's bladder, she dropped her scrub brush and shoved her hands between her legs. Her left leg trembled as Erica willed herself to regain her composure.

Eventually Erica's urge subsided and she went back to work. Erica finally finished the boys room and pushed her cart to the elevator to head up to the restrooms by the second floor library. As Erica got off the elevator the bell rang to dismiss the students for the end of the day. Erica pushed her cart toward the restroom as the students filled the hall. Once again Erica listened to the mocking chatter around her.

"She won't stop squirming"...."I bet her underwear has a wet spot"...."I love watching her ass wiggle"...."Did you hear her mom is here too?, I heard they are both about to pee their pants"....

Erica realized this round of talk was about Grace. She felt bad that kids were talking about her daughter but, she was happy to hear that Grace had made it through the day without wetting her pants.

Erica bit her lip and bounced as she scrubbed the second floor girls room. She clenched between her legs as a girl hurried in. Erica squirmed as she listened as the girl moaned in relief as she loudly peed in the toilet. It was agonizing to listen to someone else getting the relief Erica so desperately needed.

Erica toiled away for two more hours, her productivity dropped off dramatically as she spent more time with her hand pressed in her crotch. As Erica struggled to maintain control she kept thinking how humiliating it must be for Grace to have endured this kind of pressure in class every day.

As Erica bent over to scrub a toilet she felt a hot spurt rush into her panties. She squeeled as she pinched off the flow. Erica stood upright then shuffled out of the toilet stall. Erica waddled to the mirror near the sinks, as she expected there was a wet spot on her jeans. The spot wasn't large but, there was no mistaking what had caused it.

The leak had given Erica slight relief. She finished her duties on the second floor and pushed her cart back to the elevator. She still had to clean the restrooms near the auditorium before people arrived for the Maternal Responsibility Act hearings at 7pm.

Erica struggled as she scrubbed the men's room. She felt another spurt leak out as she cleaned a urinal, this leak left her with a wet patch that ran about four inches down the inside of each thigh.

Erica wanted to flush herself down the drain whe she heard the door open. There was no hiding her accident from the man who walked in. Erica slowly walked to her cleaning cart in the corner and waited there. The sound of the man peeing was agonizing for Erica. After he finished the man zipped up then turn to Erica. "My wife and I were at the PTA BBQ, you sure put on a good show. So good that we came to your paddling last week, too. I gotta say, 50 swats must've been a killer." The man took a long look at the stain in Erica's crotch, "Looks like you are taking after your daughter today!"

Erica finished cleaning the men's room, then she hobbled to the woman's room. The stain on her thighs grew by two more inches as she dribbled with each step. She stepped into the woman's room to find it full, to her horror the Chair of the PTA Conduct Committee was stepping out of the first stall. The Chair looked at Erica's pants and smirked. The smirk quickly became a full smile as Erica lost all control.

The warmth enveloped Erica's crotch, ran down each leg, and flowed around the curve of her butt. Slowly urine trickled from the hem of her pants and onto the floor. Though she had peed her pants in front of hundreds of people on two prior occasions, this accident was far more humiliating. The last two times her butt was in such pain that Erica had no idea she had wet herself until after it was over. Feeling it slowly happen was far more emotional!

The PTA Chair chuckled as tears dripped from Erica's eyes. "You didn't make it the the docket today, that means Grace didn't wet her pants at school. Too bad we can't say the same for you!"

Erica took the mop from the cart and began to mop up her mess. When she finished mopping she found her phone and checked the time. 6:45pm, only fifteen minutes until she was done for the day. Erica sent a quick text to Julie before getting back to her cleaning.

Hey sis, it happened. I'll be home in about a half hour. Can you meet me there? I need you to punish me for having an accident.

*065*2021-11-17 08:51

The cold damp cotton clinging to her thighs was beginning itch. Erica wiggled around in the seat of her car trying to find a position that didn't aggravate the rash that was forming, unfortunately all that happened was her butt cheeks also started to itch. The drive home was mental torture, one minute she was dreading her upcoming punishment, the next she was reliving the humiliation from her most recent accident.

When she arrived home Grace and Julie were waiting for her. Grace looked at her mom sympathetically then gave a look toward Aunt Julie, silently pleading for her to not punish Erica. Julie just gave them both a grim look and led Erica to the middle of the living room.

"Would you like to tell us about it?" asked Aunt Julie.

Erica took a deep breath then began to tell them about her day. Grace had a very guilty look on her face as Erica told them how concerned the diapered students were about being found out. Grace looked at the floor as her mom told them about the humiliating comments while she cleaned the bathrooms. By the point Erica told them about her embarrassing accident, Grace was completely sobbing.

"It's all my fault!" exclaimed Grace. " I'm so sorry I peed my pants in class! You don't deserve this. Aunt Julie, please don't punish her! I deserve the punishment, not Mom."

"It's not your fault Grace." Erica looked at her daughter and continued, "If I had set a better example a couple years ago when I peed my pants coming home from work, or if I had just given you little spanking a few months ago after your laughing accident, you probably wouldn't have waited too long at school. I really do bear some of the responsibility for your accidents at school. I accept my consequences."

Julie picked up the wide leather belt from the coffee table. "Grace, I want you to step over here so you can watch each stroke as it lands on your mom's bottom. Pay close attention, this is what your mom will be doing to you if you pee your pants again."

"Remember sis, the first 10 are over your wet clothes. The next 10 will be against your bare skin."

As Erica grabbed her ankles her nose got close enough to her pants for the odor of her urine to be noticeable. The stench reminded her that wet underwear would soon be covering her nose and mouth. This is disgusting thought was soon pushed from her mind by a sharp sting on her bottom.

THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP!

A few weeks ago a belting like this would have caused Erica to scream; after two public paddlings she was now able to tolerate this spanking with no more than a pained expression on her face.

"You kept your composure quite well. Are we going to see calluses on your butt cheeks?" teased Julie. "Time to strip, take off everything but your panties."

Erica placed her shirt and bra on the coffee table. She unbuttoned for jeans and tried pull them down, the wet denim just clung to her thighs and butt. Peeling the wet jeans down seemed so much more humiliating then if she could have taking them off normally. As she held the wet jeans in her hands she looked and her sister and asked "Where may I put them? Setting them on the coffee table seems kind of disgusting."

"Grace, get your mother a plastic bag." Erica turned red with shame as she stood holding her soaked pants while she waited for her daughter to return.

When the saturated denim had been placed in the bag, Julie gave her sister the instruction that she was dreading most. "Now peel off those wet panties. Hold them out in front of you...just like that. Grace come over here for a moment please, I need you to take a look. Do you see how yellow your mom's underwear is? Just remember that when she left the house this morning, those were white. It is unacceptable for a grown woman to piss herself, no matter what the circumstances are. It doesn't matter if you are 18 or 42, there will be consequences!"

Grace sobbed as Aunt Julie pointed to her mom's face. "It's time to put them up there. Make sure that yellow crotch is right over your nose and mouth. You can put the leg holes near your eyes so you can see."

Erica gagged as she followed the nasty instructions she was given. The smell was so much stronger with the yellow cotton pressed against her nose. Worse yet was the taste! Her mouth had opened when she was gagging and her tongue accidently licked her pissy fabric. The full torture of this punishment became obvious. She would be forced to inhale every breath through her nose, smelling her shameful act; she couldn't breathe through her mouth and risk having to taste her disgusting accident.

"Bend back over" instructed Julie. "It's time for the bare swats!"

THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP

This round of strokes had a sharper sound as the leather struck skin instead of fabric. Erica's bottom had a pink glow after Julie finished swinging the belt. Erica struggled to maintain her composure, not from the pain, but the difficulty in catching her breath through the urine soaked panties.

"You'll stand here for one hour, Erica" commanded Julie. "Grace, you will sit here watching your mom. Remember, this is as much about setting an example for you, as it is about her being punished."

Grace wanted to run to her mom and rip the wet underwear off her face but she knew better than to interfere with the punishment. "I'm so sorry mom! I'm so, so sorry!" Grace tried to look her mom in the eyes, instead she quickly looked away. Seeing her mother's eyes surrounded by stained damp underwear was just too much to bear.

Erica watched the minute hand on the clock tick slowly. She had only been standing for 5 minutes when a familiar feeling in her abdomen signaled trouble. She tried to be subtle as she shifted to a position that would ease her bladder. The fidgeting did not help and Erica quickly realized how much more difficult it was to control herself without wearing clothing. The psychological impact of being naked increased her urgency. Erica wanted to ask Julie for a bathroom break but the thought of opening her mouth to speak was very concerning.

Grace watched her mother's squirms become more dramatic over a 10 minute period. When her mother put her hand between her legs, Grace knew she had to speak up. "Aunt Julie, can you come here? I think mom needs you."

"What is it?" asked Julie as she came back into the room.

"Um, I'm not sure" said Grace. "She looks like she needs to pee. She won't say anything, I don't know why."

"I remember being terrified to talk" said Julie. "When I got punished like that I learned real quickly to keep my mouth closed so I would't accidently get the pissy underwear in my mouth. It tasted horrible!"

Julie had a small evil grin on her face as she looked at her sister. There was no mistaking Erica's movements for anything else, she was doing a major potty dance!

"You look like you are about to pee on the carpet" taunted Julie. "I can't believe I am about to watch my adult sister ruin her floor!"

Erica tried to beg with her eyes, Julie just smirked as she watched Erica. Finally Erica broke down "Please let..ugh.. me go to...ach...the bathroom" she sputtered out. The salty taste of her panties made her gag as she spoke.

"No." Julie firmly told Erica "You have to finish the punishment first. There's 40 minutes left, you look like that's about 30 minutes too long so I'll go get a couple towels for you to stand on."

Julie came back a couple minutes later. "The embarassment may be part of the punishment" Julie said as she laid the towels on the floor. "I don't think ruining the carpet is necessary."

Erica squirmed, she wiggled, she felt her knees wobble. Erica kept using her fingers as a plug. Nothing seemed to work. In a matter of minutes she felt the warmth shoot past the fingers she had jammed in her crotch.

"Oh no!" exclaimed Grace as she saw the stream start from between her mom's legs. Grace felt horrible as her mom humiliated herself for the second time that day. Grace became terrified that she might be in the same position tomorrow.

Time passed slowly as Erica finished her hour of waiting. Finally Julie said "Time's up. Grab your dirty towels and head to the bathroom. You can take the underwear off your head and scrub them with the rest of our wet clothes. Feel free to shower when you are done scrubbing."

Erica scooped up her wet towels and ran to the bathroom, anxious to finish her scrubbing so she could take a long shower to wash away the day's shame.

*068*2021-11-21 03:51

This installment includes a section that not all readers may enjoy. There is a portion that includes someone who pooped in their pants. If that doesn't appeal to you, you may skip that part. The remainder of the story will be written in a way that still makes sense even if you skipped the part with messy pants.

As Grace sat at the cafeteria table she glanced up to see Jenny Blanc walking toward her. Well, walking wasn't quite the right word. Jenny could only take three to four short steps before she would stop to squirm, then she would take a few more steps before having to pause again. It looked like Jenny was really struggling today.

"May I sit here?" Jenny asked. Grace could hear the slight tremble in her voice.

"Yeah, sure." Grace had never been good friends with Jenny but today Jenny looked like she needed a friendly face. Truth be told, Grace's friends had been pretty distant lately.

Jenny quietly picked at her food for a few minutes before she finally spoke. "I don't think I'm going to make it today. We're only halfway through the day and it is so much worse then it was yesterday! Is it ok to ask...what's it going to be like?"

"I'm not going to lie" Grace said, "it's pretty bad. The actual physical feeling wasn't horrible. When it first happens all you really feel is warmth. It takes a few seconds before you get the feeling of relief from the pressure going away. That first few seconds are almost enjoyable.

"Then comes the realization of what you've done. Then the giggles and laughs and teasing start long before you are ever done having the accident. The humiliation blocks out all the feeling of relief that you just felt."

As Grace explained the experience to Jenny, she saw the dread in Jenny's eyes.

"It gets worse" warned Grace. "They leave you in your wet pants for the rest of the day. The warmth goes away within minutes and you are left with a disgusting feeling as your cold pants cling to your body. They send you to the nurse who asks some embarrassing questions, inevitably she'll declare that it wasn't a medical problem and you will be referred to the principal for discipline.

"As unpleasant as it is to serve detention after an accident, I found the worst part came after. The guilt that comes from your mom being sanctioned under the Maternal Responsibility Act is by far the worst part."

"Is it true" asked Jenny, "that the PTA is making your mom punish you at home, too?"

"Well, I guess it isn't a requirement that I get punished at home" answered Grace. "It's more of a really strong recommendation from the PTA Conduct Committee. The only reason mom is punishing me is to try to mitigate any sanctions they give her if I have another accident. They made it very clear that her sanctions would get more severe every time. Since I am on toilet restriction for a whole month we are pretty worried that it will happen again."

"My mom is so mad about about being sanctioned last week!" Jenny said: "She knows that if I pee my pants during my restriction, the PTA will make her suffer like your mom did. She told me if I can't control myself through these three days of toilet restriction that I will receive a punishment far worse than anything she gets from the PTA. I'm really worried!"

Grace gave Jenny a sypathetic look. "Some of punishments weren't too bad. Scrubbing my wet clothes and making a potty chart were embarassing, but not the end of the world. My mom didn't even hit too hard during my spanking with the belt. The one I will get if I have a third offense at school will be pretty awful; I'm going to have to put my wet underwear on my head while she belts my bare butt."

"Mom hasn't told me yet what she's going to do to me." Jenny look at Grace and said "My mom has always had some very cruel and unusual punishments for me. What you will get for a third offense sounds a lot more like what I will get for a first offense."

"I hope you won't get any punishment" said Grace. "I really hope you make it through today and tomorrow without an accident. I don't want anyone to go through what I have. Just keep squeezing your legs together, you'll get through it!"

"Grace, this is a little awkward to ask. Do the boys look at you different? I feel like every time I squirm there's a dozen boys eyeing me up. I think they like watching me be desperate. Is that normal?"

"Yeah" answered Grace. " I thought I was being subtle and just squeezing my thighs together, it turns out I bounce a lot more than I thought, I guess my boobs jiggle and my butt wiggles."

Jenny finished eating, as she walked away from the table Grace had two thoughts. 1) Jenny was unlikely to make it through the day without experiencing utter humiliation. 2) Jenny's butt had a great wiggle as she hobbled away, no wonder the boys couldn't take their eyes off of her!

### the part below includes poopy pants ###

The afternoon drug on for Grace. She tried to pay attention in each class, somehow she always ended up tuning out the teacher and paying attention only the pressure in her bladder. She found herself constantly tapping her foot or shifting in her seat. More than once, Geace realized she was opening and closing her thighs in a scissoring motion.

Grace tried to ignore the stares of her classmates. Although she knew the boys couldn't see her butt, thighs, or crotch as she sat with her legs under the desk, Grace was well aware they could all see her chest heaving as she did a seated pee-pee dance.

In between classes Grace was self-conscious of the way she was walking. She thought her short steps with her legs pressed together made her look like a penguin as she walked.

When the final bell rang at the end of the day Grace wanted to rush home, instead she let out a great sigh and waddled to the detention room. Being given a week of detention on top of her toilet restriction was true torture. Grace was grateful she only had 1 hour detentions all week instead of the 4 hour detentions she served on each of the days she had peed her pants.

###

As Grace entered the detention room she looked for Jenny Blanc. The way Jenny had been suffering at lunch, Grace had expected Jenny's pink leggings to be wet by the end of the next class period.

When her gaze made it to the front corner Grace did a double take. There had definitely been a violation of the hygiene code today, but it was not Jenny!

Grace could only see the offending student from the back side, she recognized the shapely bottom and the brown hair as belonging to Maria Vargas. Even more shocking than the identity was the offense itself!

Plainly visible was a large bulge with a distinct brown stain in the seat of Maria's khaki pants. A foul odor confirmed that Maria had pooped her pants.

Grace continued to stare as she took her seat. Grace wanted to run to Maria and comfort her. Grace wanted to tell her that everything would be all right, but she knew better. Things would be far from all right for Maria!

It was a small detention class, other than Grace and Maria there were only three other students. The room was silent, except for the constant tapping of Grace's foot.

After a few minutes the detention monitor spoke. "Maria, please turn around and face the room. It's time for them to see the rest of it." As Maria turnrd, Grace could see long wet streaks originating at her crotch and running down the inside of Maria thighs as well as the front of her legs. Maria had obviously wet herself as well.

The detention monitor spoke to Grace next. "I suppose that annoying foot tapping and squirming are all that keep your pants from looking like Maria's. Please try to sit still, it is only for 1 hour."

The minutes ticked by slowly. Grace tried to keep her foot tapping to a minimum, she didn't want to upset the detention monitor. Without the tapping of her feet Grace found herself scissoring her thighs more and more. Within 15 minutes Grace's left hand was firmly pressed against her crotch. Physically holding pressure with her hand was the only way to keep from leaking.

"Grace, come up here" directed the detentiom monitor. "You are clearly about to pee your pants. I can't risk you getting the chair wet, come stand up here next to Maria until your detention is over."

Grace found herself mostly bent over as she took the few steps toward the front of the room. Grace blushed as the other students watched her do the potty dance in front of them.

As she stood next Maria, Grace could smell the faint odor of urine mixed with the much stronger stench coming from Maria's back side. A glance at Maria's face showed the agony of her humiliation. Grace knew they were not allowed to speak, but she wanted give Maria some sign of support. Grace reached out, took Maria by the hand, and gave a gentle squeeze. Maria looked at Grace, gave a small smile, and returned the gentle squeeze.

After an eternity the clock finally reached 4 p.m. The detention monitor stood up from the desk. "Grace and Tony, your time is complete for today. You may leave if you wish, although you probably should stay for a few extra minutes. I think you will find what happens next to be quite interesting."

"Maria," the detention monitor continued, "the principal has sent me an updated notice of punishment to give to you. Normally a first hygiene offense would not include corporal punishment, unfortunately there are two factors that make your offense more egregious.

"The first factor is that you defecated as well as urinated in your pants. A hygiene violation of either type is grounds for serious consequences, just ask Grace. Committing a violation of both kinds calls for an increase in your punishment.

"The second factor is that your offenses occurred so soon after the whole school became aware of Grace's offense. The public knowledge of Grace's offenses and punishments were meant to be an example and a warning to other students. The offenses you committed in your pants today show your flagrant disregard for that warning."

Grace's stomach dropped as the detention monitor picked up the wooden paddle and approached Maria.

"The principal has amended your punishment to include 20 swats of the paddle. 10 will be administered today over your dirty pants, the other 10 will be administered tomorrow by Mrs. Toole. Since you are the second girl to disgrace herself in Mrs. Toole's class, the principal hopes that tomorrow's paddling in her class will serve as a propper example of the consequences."

Grace couldn't believe what she was hearing. Maria's accident had been with Mrs. Toole! Grace couldn't help but think the problem was Mrs. Toole, not her students.

"Your punishment has also been amended to include a two-week restriction of all toilet privileges. You will not be allowed any opportunity to relieve yourself during the school day, while attending any school function, or at any time while on school property. It may be wise for you speak with Grace or Jenny Blanc to see if they have any advice on how to control yourself during the school day."

The detention monitor spun Maria around so the brown shame once again was visible to her peers. Maria sobbed as she bent forward to grab her ankles.

Grace also began to cry. It wasn't right that Maria was being given extra punishment. It was so cruel to be punished for an accident at all, increasing it because it was both pee and poop didn't seem right. Even more bothersome was the idea that Grace hadn't set a good enough example.

Grace knew nothing about what led up to Maria's stained pants, but she was sure it was nothing more than just an accident. Maria wasn't a troublemaker, she got good grades, and she was always respectful to her peers and teachers alike; she didn't deserve punishment!

THWAP...

The bulge in Maria's khakis flattened.

THWAP...

The seat of her tan pants now appeared a darker brown as the mess seeped through the fabric.

THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...

Grace looked at the three boys in detention with them. Their faces showed a mixture of excitement and disgust.

THWAP...THWAP...

Grace heard a small trickle. It didn't take long for Grace, or the others, to figure out that Maria had once again lost control of her bladder.

THWAP...THWAP...THWAP

Grace had been around enough spankings in the past few weeks to realize this one sounded a little different. The sound was a little more dull than what Grace normally heard. The smashed poop must have slightly muffled the sound. Grace hoped it softened the sting as well.

The detention monitor held out the roll of paper towels to Maria, Maria was too busy crying to notice. Grace could tell Maria was so distraught that she probably wasn't aware she had peed her pants again.

Grace took the paper towels from the detention monitor. As Grace crouched down to begin wiping up Maria's puddle she felt a spasm between her legs. Grace felt herself lose control for a second or two. A quick glance assured her that it wasn't visible. "Thank God" she thought "I might get away with it!". Grace threw away the used paper towels the gave Maria's hand one last squeeze before leaving.

Tony followed Grace out of the room. "Hey, that was nice of you" he said.

"It really sucks to be in that spot, I know from experience." Grace paused then giggled "I guess you know that...EVERYONE knows that!"

It was nice to have someone who was willing to talk to her even though she had an embarassing reputation. She was about to speak again when another spasm rocked her bladder. She jammed her left hand between her thighs, she blushed as she said "Um, I'd really like keep talking to you, but I'm about to completely pee my pants."

"I know you aren't allowed to go at school. Let's head to my car, I'll drive you to the closest gas station."

Grace was overwhelmed with appreciation. "Thank you so much!" She felt another dribble into her panties as she grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the exit "Let's hurry!"

