Daniel's Adventures in Weed and Piss

Author: fluffbuttsmutt

*000*2022-04-27 00:43

Hi there! My first time uploading fiction to this website, you can find more of my works on AO3. I hope you enjoy, and please send requests for kinks you'd like to see.

###

Daniel thought a couple edibles and a walk through the forest would be a good way to relax on his day off. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, and he was excited to celebrate one of the last gorgeous days of summer blissed out of his mind and one with the world. Of course, that was several hours ago, before he got hopelessly lost, and it didn’t seem there were any other hikers out this far who could spare him a map.

Knowing just how high he was planning on getting, Daniel had packed himself a backpack heavy with all kinds of snacks and drinks to fuel his calorie-burning exercise. He had munched steadily through the food, and drank voraciously through the sugary liquids. With his base needs satisfied, he was happy to wander. Now those drinks had run directly to his bladder, he had no idea where a bathroom was, and even worse, his mouth still felt dry.

He tried to keep walking, penis jostling a little with every step. He mouthed the metal rim of his water bottle anxiously, tongue gliding over cold metal and drops of water as he searched around for a familiar landmark, but there was nothing. He groaned, grabbing himself through his loose athletic shorts as he carried on, each impact striking his overfull bladder. He hummed a soft whimper and took down some more water, gasping as his bladder thrummed its protest. The need pulsing in his core finally shifted the fear to the forefront of his addled mind, consuming his every thought.

He was going to piss himself.

He had to piss, now. He groaned openly, squeezing his cock through his shorts, before looking around anxiously. No one here to help him, no one here to catch him. Still, he stumbled a little ways off the path, towards the edge of a clearing, a little sheltered from the path by a bush. He fell to his knees in the soft forest grass, the jerking movement making piss spurt eagerly from his cockhead, right into the mesh of his shorts. He ground his hand over his penis, only to feel the flesh responding, thickening. Distracted by the pursuit of pleasure for one moment, Daniel stroked himself through his shorts, mouth open in a silent moan.

His bladder throbbed again, splashing a cascade of piss against his palm through his shorts, and his muscles tensed in panic. His cock bobbed in his shorts as he bore down on the desperate need, and Daniel could feel pleasure tingling in his groin. Rousing himself from the distraction of delight, Daniel fumbled to get his penis out of the labyrinth of cloth, tugging desperately at the gray material until he finally managed to free his length to the air. He stood tall, half hard, flushed pink head wet with piss. He shivered, hips canting forward as he looked at himself.

Had needing to piss always been so… Hot?

He ground up on nothing, his well trained muscles unable to let go automatically when not surrounded by tile and porcelain. Though, he found himself not wanting to let go- clenching muscles and rolling up, bladder sloshing and painfully full in his stomach- it all felt too good. Daniel moaned openly, leaning back on his hands as he thrust into the air. He imagined how amazing it would be to sink his cock into something warm right now, shaking with the desperate need to release. He closed his eyes, imagining vividly: the squelch of fluids and warm, cloying muscles, dragging him deeper and deeper into pleasure.

Daniel’s eyes nearly rolled back in his skull at the feeling of a spurt escaping. All his muscles clenched, the searing heat charged through his exposed cock, landing with a spatter on his furry balls and shoved down shorts. His cock pulsed with the feeling, his body desperately straining to let the rest of the release follow, his mind willingly keeping himself on the brink of torture. It just felt too good- his full bladder throbbing in his gut, his every sensitive muscle clenched. He panted, open mouthed, into the air, riding the pleasure for a moment longer, before a hot twist of spasms wracked his gut.

Piss shot out of him once more, an arcing stream that suspended itself before he managed to clench back down on his muscles. By now the pleasure was unimaginable, the heat and need encasing his entire lower half until-

Daniel opened his eyes in shock as his balls suddenly squeezed up even tighter, and cum suddenly shot up his length. It landed in several impressive globs on his lower stomach and down his own shaft, mind buzzing with pleasure as he rocked through each wave of the hands free orgasm. The moment he slipped off his peak, and his muscles weakened, his piss came surging forward full force. He splattered himself with a heavy stream before he tilted his hips forward, and he began to piss into the grass.

He watched himself, fixated on the sight of his rapidly flagging cock, still dripping cum, pissed with such sloppy intensity into the grass. Now and then he shuddered in aftershocks of pleasure, and his cock would bounce, casting glittering drops of heady piss further into the bush before relaxing.

His muscles were weak from his hold, and as his bladder ran out of contents, he had no strength to project the stream outwards. His piss fountained weakly into his own lap, licking hot trails down his shaft and balls, even trickling down the crack of his ass. He twitched a few times more before his stream finally ended with a few pitiful drops. Daniel just crouched there, panting, locked in the gorgeous bliss of an empty bladder and empty balls.

###

Hope you enjoyed! Remember to leave requests for what you'd like to see.

