Wetting on the First Date

Author: fullbladder

*013*2022-10-29 17:54

Chloe could hardly believe what she was doing as she stroked Abby’s pussy in the steamy shower, even entering it with two fingers frequently. As her roommate moaned pleasurably, an overwhelming desire to taste her lover occupied Chloe in her drunken, horny haze. But Abby caught her as she was about to kneel in the shower and lifted her up. They kissed again as Abby turned off the water and pulled a fresh towel off the rack.

While Chloe was still drying off, Abby dragged her into her bedroom and finally permitted her to orally stimulate her most intimate region. They fell asleep quickly after Abby climaxed and woke up in a naked embrace the next morning. If not for their bursting bladders and work schedules, there would have surely been another round of passionate womanly sex to kick off the day.

Abby promised Chloe a surprise as she rushed out of door, asking her to stay hydrated in the afternoon. Chloe was happy to oblige and delightfully planned to rush home after class with a full bladder. Her morning shift at work had been busy but she had still managed to down her 1L water bottle over three-and-a-half hours. Her bladder still not fully recovered from last night, so she had arrived at campus absolutely bursting. The bumpy 20-minute bus ride had done her no favors and she had resorted to holding herself with her school bag on her lap by the end of it.

Mere minutes from class starting, Chloe had run into the nearest toilet to relieve herself before the lengthy 3-hour lecture. Despite her best efforts to undo her knotted pants as rapidly as possible, she started peeing before her pants were down and wet the gusset of her pink bikini-cut panties. Fortunately, only a dribble of pee had leaked through, so she was able to dry her garments off with a handful of toilet paper and escape the bathroom with only a quarter-sized wet spot on her pants, conveniently right between her legs and mostly out-of-view to anyone around her.

Undeterred, Chloe had filled up her bottle to the brim again and sipped enthusiastically through the class. By the time she walked out of the lecture hall three hours later, she was bursting for the toilet again. However, the next stop was home so a second trip to the school’s facilities could be naughtily avoided. She filled her water bottle yet again and chugged thirstily as she briskly walked off the large campus, on her way home.

Her desperation multiplied as she hurried through quiet streets in the cool autumn afternoon. Her bottle was empty yet again as she squirmed in front of the elevator. It wouldn’t be long before she would helplessly soak her pants- she had simply drunk way too much water in a short time. What an exciting thought! She wondered where Abby was- she typically got home at about 4:45, about 30 minutes from now.

The elevator finally arrived and a young mom with a baby in a stroller exited. She smiled at Chloe who willed herself to stop squirming as she waited to step in. As the doors finally shut behind her, Chloe took advantage of the private moment to grip her pussy and admire herself in the mirrored elevator. She needed to pee badly now- hopefully Abby’s surprise was a sexy one!

Suddenly the elevator groaned and halted. In a moment of cold panic, the reality of the situation hit Chloe like a ton of bricks. Here she was, hopelessly bursting for a pee and the elevator had just malfunctioned! Her need to pee seemed to double at the horrifying thought. She desperately pushed the emergency call button and prayed for a quick answer.

Trying to avoid thinking of her filling bladder, Chloe counted the rings as she danced on the spot, still holding herself through her pants. “One, two three, four, five… hello?” She nearly yelled out the greeting as the ringing stopped.

“Hello- you have reached emergency elevator services- this is Tara. Can you confirm your address?”

Chloe quickly agreed with the female operator with an Aussie accent and sighed as Tara informed her the technician was on his way.

“D-do you know how long it will be?” She stopped herself from announcing she needed the toilet badly- the phone call was probably recorded and she didn't want her urgent need on tape.

“He should be there within ten minutes, Miss. Feel free to call me back if you don’t hear anything soon.”

“OK thanks, bye.”

Ten minutes- she could probably hold on for that long… but then it would also take time to fix the elevator. What if she peed her pants while the guy was fixing the lift? She had no idea how long an elevator repair would take…

Chloe’s gaze fell upon her clear glass water bottle. She could pee in it before the technician got there. But where to put it? The bottle was old and its cap leaked- putting it in her small backpack was a no-no. She would have to walk out holding the bottle and maybe the technician would notice she had peed in it- wouldn't that be embarrassing...

Maybe her pee would come out clear and he would be none the wiser. She had drunk a lot of water so there shouldn’t be much yellow. Minutes ticked by as Chloe pondered what to do. As her desperation mounted and wriggling intensified, it became clear she would not be able to hold on much longer. If she didn’t relieve herself, she would most likely drench her light-colored pants before the elevator was fixed- that was the most humiliating outcome of all. It was best to do the deed now in the few minutes before the technician arrived. Decidedly, she unscrewed the empty water bottle and set it down on the carpeted floor of the elevator.

Dancing, Chloe undid her pants and nearly leaked into them for the second time that day. She just managed to refrain from urinating until she felt her lower set of lips touch the cool glass opening of the bottle. In a squatting position, she relaxed her bladder muscles, sighing in relief. As her pee noisily poured into the bottle, Chloe prayed that the no one could hear what she was doing. While the mouth of the bottle was of decent width, it was unable to catch all of Chloe’s pee. A circular wet spot formed on the grey carpet as Chloe attempted to stop peeing with the bottle nearing capacity.

As she managed to stem the flow just before the bottle overflowed, the technician yelled from below. “Hi, can you hear me?”

“Y-yes, I’m stuck!” She quickly rose, taking care to step away from the bottle so she wouldn't knock it over.

“OK, I’ll work on getting the doors opened so you can get out- hang on!” Having nothing to wipe with, Chloe shook her butt as best she could, then ran her hand over her pussy. She wiped her wet hand on the carpet before she pulled her pants up and retied them. Even with the shaking and wiping, she could feel the excess pee dampening her panties.

The next priority was getting that darn bottle capped and off the ground. As she knelt to pick it up, her bladder reminded her that it still needed relief. A scraping noise filled the elevator from above- the man was trying to pry the doors open. She nervously held the bottle behind her back, anticipating the door to open any second.

Chloe’s bottle showed a mostly clear liquid, but there was a slight yellow shade. If she moved quickly, maybe no one would catch on. However, the elevator carpet was another matter. There was a dark, wet spot where she had peed- it was obvious that some liquid had spilled on the old, faded carpet. Chloe strategically stepped on top of it, hiding most of it.

A hint of daylight poked through as the tip of the pry tool poked through. An eye peered in from near the top of the elevator.

“Hey, you’re between two floors here so we will need to make this work in a tight space. I’ve got the outer door opened but this inner one will need to be done inch by inch. Then, I’ll throw down a rope ladder and you can climb up. Sound good?”

She agreed and watched the man poke another tool through, presumably a jack. As promised, the doors began separating as he pumped the lever. He stopped at a gap of about two feet.

“OK, that should work. In a minute, I’m gonna throw down a bucket for you to put your bag and water bottle in and I’ll pull your stuff up. Then we can get you up- it’s a lot safer and easier if you climb up with both your hands free.” Chloe blushed, realizing he could see her bottle in the reflection of the mirror. Luckily, he hadn’t noticed it was filled with pee- yet.

As the man left, presumably to get the bucket, Chloe pee-danced on the spot. Her bladder was filling up again alarmingly quickly. It had hardly been fifteen minutes since she had filled up the bottle and it seemed like she had to go almost as badly again!

“OK, here we go.” Chloe stopped wriggling as he reappeared above her and lowered a bucket slowly until it was next to her.

“Go on, now step over and place your things in the bucket.” Chloe could sense an impatience in his voice.

Blushing red, she reluctantly stepped off the wet spot and put her bottle into the bucket as quickly as possible. Then, she took her backpack and stuffed it in, trying to pin the bottle into place so it wouldn’t topple over and leak- the last thing she needed was pee in the bucket and all over her backpack.

As the bucket rose and reached the top of the elevator, Chloe watched the technician gaze down at its contents curiously before setting it aside. She wondered if pee had spilled out and he had smelled it. Gosh, this was such a humiliating experience! What were the chances of this damn elevator getting stuck this time when she was filling up- nothing like this had never happened to her ever before!

She was back on the wet spot now, rocking back and forth. It was a familiar feeling- her bladder had recently experienced relief and now it shouted for more release. She just had to hang on a few more minutes before she got to her room.

As the man stepped away again to set up the ladder, Chloe took the opportunity to clutch herself for a precious few seconds. Even with the bag and bottle already up, it was going to be a real challenge to get her own ass out of this elevator in her desperate state.

A minute later, a narrow rope ladder dropped down, settling at knee-height a few feet away, just as the bucket had. Chloe quickly moved towards it. Climbing up was indeed a challenge. She felt herself leak into her panties as she climbed onto the first step of five. Needing both hands, she had no choice but to pause briefly and squeeze her pussy muscles tight. As she climbed higher, more pee spurted out. She could feel the familiar drips running down her legs.

Finally, Chloe had reached the man’s extended hands at the top of the ladder. She grabbed them, permitting him to pull her up. The strain of sliding through the two-foot gap in the elevator doors and her body contacting the cold tiled floor almost made her lose total control. She barely limited the leakage to a couple long squirts as she was dragged out of the elevator.

With the technician two feet above her, she could read the nametag now- Peter. He was quite the handsome thirty-two-year-old and she could see his eyes scanning her soiled pants, the wet spot on the carpet below, and the water bottle in the bucket again. He knew she was peeing herself like a little girl. Her face burned beet red and tears ran down her face as she hastily stood up, grabbed her items from the bucket, and made her way to the stairwell. She could feel his eyes on her wet legs as she walked away, trying not to completely embarrass herself.

Chloe somehow made it into her bathroom before her dam burst. Getting her pants off wasn't an option, so she hopped onto the toilet seat fully clothed and desperately peed through her pants. She closed her eyes and sighed loudly with relief. Finally being able to empty her very strained bladder was simply heaven.

A few seconds after finishing peeing and catching her breath, Chloe turned on the bathroom light observe the damage in the full-length bathroom mirror. The capri-pants glistened with wetness; the white fabric was now transparent and revealed her pink panties. Despite the humiliating experience, Chloe felt sexually charged. She had just wet herself in public, in front of a very cute man. She was about to remove her wet pants to masturbate when the front door opened. A few seconds later, Abby entered the bathroom.

*014*2022-10-30 23:24

Thanks for the support everyone- you have been great like always! I have a couple ways in mind how this could go, so I would love to get some added feedback from all of you (great ideas already with more of the two girls and the full bottomed panties- THANKS). If you could just respond to the question posed at the end of this chapter, I'd really appreciate it!

Abby dropped her shopping bags to put her arms around Chloe and admired her embarrassed face in the mirror. She removed her jacket to massage her 32C breasts through her purple T-shirt and kissed her neck. Chloe grew excited at seeing the reflection of her in soaked pants being fondled by a very attractive woman. As Abby dropped her right hand to squeeze her soaked ass, Chloe turned her body, so Abby’s hand was in her wet crotch. They kissed passionately as Abby’s long slender fingers massaged her pussy through the soiled pants.

Abby broke off the kiss and Chloe gasped, already feeling herself nearing orgasm in the heated embrace.

Abby moved her mouth within inches of her lover’s ear to whisper, “Babe, you were supposed to wait for me. What happened?”

Chloe moaned. “I was drinking lots like you wanted… ohhh, that feels good.” She gasped. Abby sensed she was close to coming and stopped rubbing, her piss-covered hand still on her crotch.

“And then?”

“Oh, don’t stop please.” She thrust her hips forward to push her crotch into Abby’s hand. Abby started massaging her again, slower this time. “Mmm… then I got stuck in the elevator… ohhh, harder c’mon.”

“Then what?” Abby’s rubbing intensified slightly with the whisper.

Chloe moaned, then bit her lower lip to suppress a scream. “Then, I called.. for help. And… I peed… in my water bottle…. Ohhhh!”

Abby abruptly stopped rubbing again. “Is your bottle outside?” She didn’t wait for an answer and exited the washroom. Chloe immediately had her own hand in her crotch- she was hopelessly horny and needed release badly.

By the time Abby had located the bottle full of pee and returned to the washroom, Chloe was screaming with pleasure. One of her hands was gripping her crotch while the other pushed against the bathroom counter, keeping her upright as her legs shook uncontrollably.

“You naughty girl! I’m going to have to punish you for that!” Abby scolded as Chloe's frantic breathing slowed a little.

Chloe allowed Abby to push her into the shower and kiss her. While her eyes were closed, Abby broke off the kiss and Chloe felt a warm wetness soaking her t-shirt. Abby was emptying the bottle on her breasts. What a perfect day to go bra-less!

Abby spread her legs and peed her own skinny jeans for good measure- she had been drinking water all day and holding it in preparation of tonight. She sighed blissfully and let Chloe admire the spreading wetness for a moment before turning on the shower, making the two of them even wetter.

After the shower, Abby unveiled her big surprise. She had gone out earlier and bought adult diapers! The girls admired the colorful floral prints on them before donning one each and gulping glass after glass of water together. Looking at each other topless and in diapers had both of them struggling not to rub themselves through the bulky absorbent material.

Fortunately, Abby had another surprise to occupy them for at least a few minutes. From the other shopping bag emerged a bong she had just purchased. They added some magic grass to it and lit up. With a few hits came more touching, kissing, and water chugging. Playfully, the ladies challenged each other to a holding contest. With all the water they had been consuming, it was undoubtedly going to be a quick battle.

“Loser has to wet her pants in public!” Abby challenged, laughing at the fact that they had both done that over the span of a couple days. She didn’t expect Chloe to accept, since she was generally shy- her accident had not been intentional.

“Oh, you’re so on!” Chloe shot back. “You’re going to soak your diaper in like ten minutes tops!”

“Haha, maybe but only after I see your nappy turn pink first.” The female diapers were designed to change color when peed in.

As they boldly challenged each other, the women grew coyer about their bodily needs. Both of their toilet urges were growing rapidly, but they tried not to reveal their desperation to the other. Their confident gulping of water had slowed to cautious sipping and the loud chatter was replaced by sharp inhales and exhales of air.

Before long, hiding the need to pee was replaced by a more urgent necessity- keeping the diaper dry by any means necessary. The girls moaned and squeezed themselves openly, unconcerned if the other saw. It was the only way they could stay dry.

As the high began to wear off, Chloe started to come to terms with reality. If she peed her diaper, Abby would make her pee herself in public. Where would that be? In front of whom? They hadn’t discussed terms at all! With Abby being as crazy as she was, Chloe could end up with some real consequences in her life! Who would have ever thought that her walking into an unreliable elevator with a full bladder would directly lead to not one, but two, public pants wettings!

She opened her mouth to speak up, but then realized the lack of trust she would show. It would seem like Chloe didn't trust Abby not to destroy her life. Chloe herself would never do this to a lover. She would make it happen in a naughty but inconsequential way. Someplace like a dark alley way at night…. wearing black jeans. Perhaps there would be a walk home through some dimly lit streets. Or perhaps in a knee-length dress covered by a long overcoat for the cold weather- she could wet herself sitting in a quiet corner of an outdoor patio, as Abby had done, then put on her coat for the walk home. Or…

On the other hand, she may get the one-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see Abby wet herself somewhere! Chloe closed her mouth and set her jaw. She was going to win this contest.

A few minutes passed and the young women grew more desperate to pee. Abby was standing up, leaning against the side of their lounge couch, one of her hands on top of it. The other hand had a death-grip on the gusset of her diaper. She was pulling up the bulky cloth to her crotch forcefully, the tips of her right-hand colored white from strain. She rocked back and forth with her legs crossed.

Chloe was lying with her back on the couch, squirming like a worm on wet cement. Both of her hands were pushing full-force on the diaper. She heard Abby gasp sharply and turned quickly, sure that the sound symbolized an accident happening under Abby’s diaper. The quick motion almost made her begin urinating in her own protective adult garment, but she clamped her hand back on her crotch to prevent the leak. However, no pink was visible on Abby’s diaper. Her hands covered up the lower part of the diaper where the wetness would undoubtedly show first.

“OK, rules.” Abby gasped. Chloe smiled. As desperate as she was, if Abby was laying down rules, it meant Abby was surely really worried. Worried because she on the verge of wetting herself and losing the bet.

“No wetting in front of people we know, nothing where our puddle has to be mopped up… an- and, and nothing else that’s gonna mess our lives totally! Deal?” She gasped out the words in segments, deep breaths punctuating the urgency in them.

“Deal!” Chloe shouted quickly. She would never want to humiliate Abby that badly anyway.

Abby gasped again- her wriggling intensified. Her feet danced desperately in place- it was clear she was helplessly peeing herself and trying valiantly to regain bladder control. Chloe hopped to her feet to see her wetting- a topless beauty peeing her diaper. It was a scene to behold!

As Chloe stood up, she realized her mistake. Lying down had been helping her hold. Now that she was on her feet, the full volume of pee pressed down on her urethra demanding release. Plus, mentally, she had subconsciously relaxed when Abby had spoken up, sensing that she was close to a win and sweet relief. It had all been a clever ploy by Abby and it had worked.

Abby briefly removed her hand from her diaper to demonstrate it was still snow white, as Chloe moaned in despair. Before she could even get near Abby’s diaper, she started involuntarily soaking her own. She dropped to her knees in front of Abby, her hands off the diaper and on the floor at Abby’s feet. Hiding the wet diaper was impossible. It filled as a flood flowed into it and a light but distinguishable pink color rapidly spread over the clean white.

“I win!” exclaimed Abby as a defeated Chloe turned over and lay spread-eagle on the brown carpet. Still peeing, she sighed, overwhelmed with relief. Her diaper warmed further as her engorged bladder emptied into it, and grew immediately heavier. She could feel it sagging away from her genitalia. The feeling of hot wetness engulfing her crotch was delicious, maybe even more pleasurable than the feeling of peed pants. She had lost the holding contest- she had wet herself first and so she would be at Abby’s mercy. It was scary and somehow exhilarating at the same time.

Abby moved forward a few steps, so she stood with the bottom of her diaper over Chloe’s head. She let go of her crotch and relaxed her pussy muscles. She sighed, hands on hips, as her burdened bladder released its contents into her diaper. Chloe looked up to see the material expand out then fill with liquid. It turned pink and grew heavier and heavier until Abby reached down with both hands and pushed up against it.

The pee overflowed and dripped out both sides of the diaper. Some splattered on Chloe’s face, but Abby quickly moved lower so the hot liquid flowed down on her girlfriend’s naked breasts, as well as all over the old carpet. Chloe moaned, rubbing Abby’s pee down her frigid body. It was undoubtedly the best shower of her young life!

Finishing peeing, Abby dropped to the floor to join a drenched Chloe on the carpet. They lay together enjoying the cooling wetness for a few minutes until Abby spoke up.

“Baby?”

“Mm?”

“I have an appointment to tutor Nathan on Monday at his place.”

“Oh.” Chloe immediately alerted and opened her eyes. She had been on the verge of passing out on the carpet.

“Are you okay with me seeing him again?” Abby had sat up and was looking at Chloe intently as she posed the question.

Chloe hesitated, then decided she had no right to dictate how Abby earned her money. They had to be able to trust each other if this was going to be a real thing. “Sure, you can tutor him if you want.”

“Well, what about going further that that?” As always, Abby was slightly annoyed by Chloe’s non-committal responses. It seemed like she always had to ask follow-up questions to get the answers she wanted. There was no way Chloe didn’t know what was being asked.

Chloe pondered the question for a long moment. On one hand, she felt bad not letting Abby proceed further with the great guy she had connected with. At the same time, her own feelings for Abby with undeniable. Letting her see Nathan even for tutoring purposes seemed like a risky idea.

“Can I please think about it?”

“Sure, babe, no problem.” Abby laid her head down on Chloe’s wet lap and allowed her to massage her scalp as she drifted off to sleep.

*015*2022-11-04 06:35

Well, I was going to stop writing this since no one replied, but still a bunch of upvotes so I guess people do want more.... thanks for your love

I'll try again and ask you to kindly state your preference- hopefully a couple of you comment (otherwise I'll just go with my gut):

Should Chloe allow Abby to see Nathan again and in what capacity?

*017*2022-11-04 07:15

Thanks Joe! Some good food for thought for sure!

*019*2022-11-04 13:47

Thanks Derek!!

*021*2022-11-05 07:57

Thanks again for the feedback and thumbs ups! Some more of Nathan in this one, but pivoting to what you all want to see! Hope you like it

As Abby walked from the car parkade to the ancient university dorm, she reflected on the past few days. So much had happened in a short time. She had peed herself on a date, hooked up with her roommate, and wet a diaper, her first in about 20 years.

Buying adult diapers had been interesting. She had never had the temptation to try one even though she had seen the adult baby fetish on the internet during her omorashi-and-masturbation sessions. Diapers were for little babies and old incontinent grandparents- but then again, so was pants wetting.

Anyway, once she had seen Chloe wet herself helplessly outside the bathroom door she had been blocking, Abby had gotten the deep urge to see Chloe as a baby. A baby wetting her cute little nappy. And if Chloe was soaking diapers, Abby should be right there with her. A good girlfriend supported her significant other’s hobbies, and being a good baby girl was Chloe’s dirty little hobby.

Abby had walked into the grocery store two minutes away from their condo and turned into the diapers section. Everything was for babies until the very end of the aisle- there it was, a shelf for adult male and female diapers. Abby admired the photos of young men’s padded crotches briefly before turning her attention towards the female side.

They were all plain and white except for one option. These had pretty little pink and purple flowers on them, along with a color-changing feature. Excitedly, Abby grabbed a pack- this was going to be awesome!

“Oh, heyyyy Abby! How have you been?” A familiar cheery voice sang out behind her. Shocked, Abby turned to her left to find Sahari with her arm raised beside her, the other hooking through a purse and a grocery basket. Sahari had been Abby’s lab-mate in year 1 Biology 099 class, an easier science elective that pretty much all arts students took. The two had been close that year, but had drifted apart over time. They pretty much texted each other on birthdays and holidays- then the conversation would stop again after a couple of days.

Abby smiled as best she could and met her one-armed embrace. Her other arm held her purse and her 6-pack of diapers. She moved the pack as close to the side of her leg as possible, trying to hide it from view. “Hi Sahari! Great to see you!”

“Yeah- it’s been a while! You buying… diapers?” Sahari’s smile drooped a touch as she looked at the shelf mid-hug and realized where they were.

Abby stopped smiling and let go of the hug.

“Um, yeah.” She stared into the smiling but bewildered face- this was bad. Sahari was a social butterfly and gossiped like no one else.

Her smile widened again. “Who’s the father?” She bent over and cackled.

Abby laughed with her. It would actually be a relief if Sahari walked away thinking she had a newborn baby. She would spread a stupid rumor that would be quickly discredited, along with the rest of her story.

Abby was about to make a joke about having triplets, but Sahari spoke again, pointing at Abby’s hand. “But those are adult diapers… let me see those.”

Abby reluctantly lifted her hand, showing Sahari the pink package with a large photo of a brown-skinned woman wearing the floral print.

“Yeah… my grandma is flying in to visit this weekend and I need to make sure there are some around.” She giggled nervously.

Sahari burst out laughing again, her golden-brown curled hair bobbing up and down on her naked shoulders. She was quite the exhibitionist. Even on a chilly afternoon, she wore a light jacket over a skimpy summer dress. During the awkward hug, the open jacket had slipped a few inches down her back.

“Well, as long as they’re not for you!” She blurted out. She seemed to sense how awkward the comment was as she said it. “I gotta go, good seeing you!”

“You too, Sahari- bye!” Abby replied, as she walked away hurriedly. Abby wondered if the lie had been believable. What if Sahari knew one of the boys she had revealed her pee fetish to? She had been open with random drunk guys but having these things spread amongst her friends was another matter. Sahari had definitely met most of her current circle of friends, but Abby wasn’t sure who she still talked to.

She was now wondering the same thing. Was Sahari telling tales about her buying adult diapers? Was she letting others know her grandma was coming to visit? Would the others ask about the visit and would she have to invent some more?

The good news was that there had been no messages about the encounter at all. Sahari wouldn’t normally gossip about seeing someone unless something eventful had happened. Well- something had, but that was Sahari’s embarrassing comment.

“She would not want to discuss that.” Abby muttered to herself as she climbed up the cement stairs and locked eyes with a well-dressed Nathan waiting on the other side of the glass doors.

“Thanks, Nate.” She smiled as he held the door open for her. He was dressed in dress pants and a collared shirt. He always dressed nicely with dark wash jeans and ironed shirts, but today was a level above.

After a quick hug, they entered the elevator with the usual hello-how-are-you’s. He held open the door for Abby again as they entered his comfortable dorm room. “Would you like to…” He gestured in the direction of the communal washroom across the hall.

Abby giggled- she had been there a number of times and he had never made such an offer before. “No, I think I’m good today… for now anyway.” She gave him a questioning look and he laughed nervously. If only he knew!

“OK here.” He pulled out the wood chair at his desk then sat down on the foldable outdoor patio chair he kept in his closet. He always gave her the nice chair.

“No. I want that chair today.” She pointed towards him.

“OK sure!” He hurriedly rose, nearly knocking over the light metal, plastic-sheeted seat. Abby caught the tipped chair, repositioned it, and sat down. She removed her overcoat to reveal a light-yellow top and a loose light-orange skirt. Nathan’s eyes scanned her quickly before sitting down and gesturing to the open book on the wooden desk.

“Um… here, Abby. This one- I want help with.” He said nervously, pointing at a diagram.

“Hmm.” Abby leaned in close to him as she looked at the diagram. He smelled nice like he was freshly showered. She herself had dolled up after work before driving over, not something she did for most dates!

She enjoyed his heavy breathing for a moment before sitting back in her chair again. “Yes, that can be tricky. But first, please, I need a glass of water.”

“Oh, sorry! I should have offered!” He shot up from his seat.

“I’ll be right back!” He rushed out the dorm door, to the shared kitchen and dining area outside.

Abby smiled again and took the opportunity to smooth out her top and skirt. As she ran her palms over her lap, she felt the bulky material of the diaper. Nathan couldn’t see it under the long, frilled skirt, but he would see it soon enough.

*024*2022-11-06 02:05

“Actually, about your offer to use the washroom- I need a change.” Abby curtsied and whimpered. It was overacted, but only slightly. In addition to her two coffee cups at work, she had drunk three glasses of water next to Nathan. She had to go. It was a surprise she hadn’t leaked more than a few short squirts yet- she had opted for the patio chair just in case the diaper leaked as she tutored Nathan.

Nathan looked at her in confusion. They had just hugged after a productive but otherwise uneventful tutoring session. “Change? I don’t understand.”

Abby smiled and lifted her skirt up. Nathan gasped as her diaper came into view. A practiced omorashi enthusiast, Abby relaxed her female muscles and started forcefully wetting her undergarment. The sound of her urination filled the quiet apartment and the diaper began growing heavier and turning pink.

Abby giggled at Nathan’s shocked face as she enjoyed the relief of letting go after nearly four hours of holding. She hadn’t peed since right after having lunch. Still peeing, she stepped forward into Nathan and kissed his open mouth. It was a long second before he started kissing back.

“Well that’s better- ahhhhhhh!” As the kiss broke off and Nathan stepped back, Abby emphasized her relief and released the hem of her skirt, allowing it to fall back down to her knees.

She smiled sweetly at him as he gawked back, still in sheer disbelief. “I need a change,” she repeated, reaching into her brown leather handbag and pulling out two new diapers.

“Keep this fresh one in a safe place for me- I might need it later.” She handed Nathan a diaper then confidently opened the door to stride out to the washroom, other diaper in hand.

With Abby changed into a clean diaper and Nathan finally being able to mutter a few words ten minutes later, the two headed down to the homely café across the street. Chloe was supposed to arrive there in a few minutes with a date.

As they waited, Nathan pulled a plastic water bottle out from the inside of his jacket and handed it to Abby with a small smile. Abby looked at him in surprise. She had sensed he would be receptive to her fetish but never imagined he would already be encouraging her!

“Oh thanks- you really want me to use that last diaper today, huh?” Chloe giggled as she accepted the bottle.

“Of course.” He laughed with her.

Abby showed up with her date just then and introduced the 5’9 brown-haired boy as Gavin. He was cute and lived in a neighbouring town. Abby had connected with him on a dating app on Chloe’s phone. After much pestering, Chloe had finally agreed to a double-date to settle her lost bet.

Chloe had drunk three full glasses of water before leaving home as instructed and was going to drink a tall coffee with the others at this table- this wooden table for four in the middle of the busy café. She removed her coat and unveiled her peach-coloured long-sleeve shirt and black leggings. Even though Abby had picked out a relatively safe outfit (the shirt went down past her butt), this was all still horrifying.

They ordered and got to talking. Gavin was quite the confident gentleman in addition to his great looks. He paid for the round of drinks as Nathan helped carry the cups back to the table. While they were in line, the girls quietly updated each other on their bladders.

Abby excitedly told her flatmate about the wet diaper she had left in the bathroom trashcan, as well as the fresh diaper she was wearing now. Chloe, on the other hand, begged to be let out of the bet. She urgently whispered that she was on the verge of wetting herself, but Abby just smiled as the boys returned to the table.

Abby gulped down the remaining water in her plastic bottle before starting on the tall coffee. Gavin was chatty- he went deep into his summer trip to Europe with a couple of coworkers while the girls grew more desperate. There was some shared chatter at first, but the conversation slowly evolved into Gavin doing 80% of the talking. It was probably for the best as the girls were in no shape to add anything meaningful to the dialogue. Abby could tell Nathan had figured out that there was also something going on with Chloe, who was subtly shifting and squirming in her seat just like Abby.

Halfway through their coffees, the girls were in bad shape. Abby’s bladder was filling fast now that she had broken the seal- she felt a powerful twinge and released a quick spurt of pee into her diaper. The sensation of wet warmth flooding her private parts was amazing, not to mention the natural bliss that accompanied a brief relaxing of a girl’s full bladder. Abby’s pussy tingled and sexual excitement filled her body- it was so naughty sitting in the middle of a busy café, just peeing without a care in the world!

Amidst his narcissism, Gavin finally noticed the silence at their table, especially from Chloe who hadn’t spoken for over five minutes. He looked over at her questioningly. “Hey, something wrong?”

“She needs to pee.” Abby answered matter-of-factly. Chloe looked at her in horror- her intimate need to urinate had just been announced to Gavin and Nathan!

Gavin, along with everyone else, looked over at a blushing Chloe who tried to stammer a denial.

Abby interrupted. “It’s fine- she’s just shy sometimes. I know her well cuz we live together.” Abby stood up and waved Chloe up.

“Let’s go.” Abby crossed her legs and bounced impatiently. Standing up had immediately intensified her need. She let some more pee escape into her moist diaper.

Chloe got up quickly- Abby was going to let her pee! She wouldn’t have to wet herself here, thank God!

Luckily, there was no lineup, just a few stalls occupied. Chloe rushed into the nearest open stall and tried to shut the door behind her, but Abby blocked it. “What are you doing?” Chloe whispered urgently as Abby shut the door behind them.

“Peeing.” She answered casually, not caring if ladies in neighboring stalls heard. She stepped past her stunned girlfriend to the toilet.

Upon sight of the stall and toilet, Chloe’s pee dance had intensified. But that torture was nothing compared to what happened next. Abby reached under skirt and lowered the wet diaper down to her feet. Chloe could make out the shiny wetness as Abby butt hit the toilet seat and she started peeing freely. She had her dress pinned to her chest with one hand, the other gripping Chloe’s wrist. Chloe could see and hear her lover’s clear pee stream as it flowed from her exposed vulva and splashed noisily into the toilet bowl.

It was absolute hell! Twisting and gasping inside the small stall, Chloe somehow limited her leakage to just a single two-second squirt. Abby finally stopped peeing, her relieved sighing finally concluding with an “oh!” She opened her eyes for a quick glance up at Chloe before redirecting her gaze to her diaper.

“OK, my turn.” Chloe tried to pull Abby off the seat, a challenge in her dangerously desperate state.

“No.” Abby answered definitively.

Chloe danced in place, on the verge of disgracing herself and on the brink of tears. “What you mean, no?”

Abby purposefully pulled her feet out from the diaper’s leg-holes, one at a time. “I mean, you’re going to pee yourself in public like you promised.”

Chloe gasped as her hand gripped the crotch of her leggings- her long shirt was hiked up to her waist. “No! Please!”

Abby stood up and held out the wet diaper. “Here, this might help.” It took a moment for Chloe to understand what Abby meant.

“I’m not wearing your dirty diaper! You already peed in it!” Stifled laughter sounded from the stall to the right. Chloe felt herself squirt again. The wetness could be felt on her fingertips. She had just made a wet spot on her leggings.

“Fine- suit yourself. I’ll throw it away.” Abby lowered her skirt as she stood up and moved to the cubicle door, diaper in hand.

“No, wait! I’ll take it!” Chloe let go of her crotch and wriggled off her tights and panties. She leaked again as Abby opened the diaper and quickly placed it between Chloe’s pussy and pissed panties. A little stream hit the diaper and wet Abby’s hand.

"Mmm nice warm tea.” Abby joked as she wrapped the warm wet diaper around her waist and retaped the straps. Chloe blushed- this was SO embarrassing!

“We better hurry- that diaper isn’t going to hold much. I squirted in it a few times.” Abby pulled up Chloe’s panties and leggings over the diaper. The leggings didn’t quite rise to her waist anymore, so she pulled Chloe’s shirt over it. Now, the diaper was hidden from view, but it was still painfully obvious that it was there, beneath Chloe’s tight clothes.

Abby gave Chloe’s bum a quick spank as she got up. The sudden impact made her squirt again. With a quick glance around the quiet restroom, Abby dragged Chloe, unrelieved and shocked, out of the cubicle.
