The Evil Witch's Special Ingredient

Author: FUBOT

*000*2019-08-11 09:24

A new edit of a story from a ways back that I never shared here!

The Evil Witch's Special Ingredient

Star woke up to a splash of water in her face. She sputtered and tried to look around. Her head was throbbing, the room was foreign. Where was she before this?

“That finally woke you up,” said a sultry female voice.

“Zannethrane!” Star said as she tried to reach out her arms to attack. The room echoed with the sound of metal as everything came into focus.

She was captured, chained up with her wrists in manacles from overhead. She could feel the cold stone wall behind her, her tail flicked at the sensation.

Before her was a tall human woman, her nose turned so far up that it was a wonder nothing came rolling out. Her hair was a fading blonde, and her eyes a sharp blue. She wore a black and white dress that left so much of her pale-pink legs exposed it was a wonder she wore it at all. So, you know, definitely evil.

“Poor cursed child,” Zannethrane said as she leaned forward and cupped Star’s chin with immaculate fingers, “it really is a shame we have to meet like this. I’ve other… experiments I’ve wanted to try on Tieflings.”

Star growled at the woman, and tried to pull her face free. She could feel her body growing warm. Unfortunately, she knew not even a tieflings fury was going to help her break her chains.

“I plan to keep you here a while,” the woman said, then she turned her back on Star and came back with a corked bottle. “Hungry?”

Star forced a false smile, “no thanks, I’m cutting back.”

Zannethrane let a slow smile creep across her face. The woman was always slow like that, as if she had to figure out which emotion to show besides contempt or mischief.

“I know we’ve been fighting for some time,” Zannethrane said, her hand sliding down from her hips to the exposed skin of her upper thigh, “but your friends won’t be here for a while. I have a use for you, and it includes you being alive. Your friends expect you to be alive. Starving yourself is just… petty.”

Star wanted to headbutt the woman until her face was a bloody mess. It was one of those satisfying fantasies that could help you power through the worst situations. She stayed quiet. It was safer to just glare at the evil witch.

“Suit yourself,” Zannethrane said. Then she loosened the chains just enough that Star’s knees touched the ground.

Star mentally judged the distance between them, too far. Maybe she could trip her, but that could only get her so far. Especially when she lacked any weapons. She had seen Zannethrane survive worse, like Star’s shortsword through her midsection. Giving her a nasty bruise on the back of her head would be child’s play.

“Until we meet again,” Zannethrane said as she walked to the gate enclosing the small room. The door opened, it was unlocked, then Zannethrane walked out.

When the woman’s heeled steps were distant enough, Star let out a long breath. It had to be true that Zannethrane needed her, she had seen the gross witch turn a man to ash for looking at her the wrong way. They nearly lost Aelar when she cursed his bow arm into a black husk. Her magic was potent.

Star strained the chains over her head. Whatever sort of metal they were, they were enchanted. The young adventurer could only imagine the sort of victims Zannethrane kept down here.

Here, where was she? They had already stormed one lair of the witch, and they burned it to the ground. That one didn’t have a dungeon either. Star looked around and saw that the room was just big enough for her. There was a bit of woven hay at her feet so she could kneel without hurting herself, her chains lead over her head then linked to a spot by the door, too far. Then there was the barred dungeon doors you come to expect when you find yourself on the wrong side of authority. No bed, not even a window. She couldn’t see far out of the room, for all she knew she was in the middle of a volcano. Actually, it was too cold for that.

Star sat cross-legged, closed her eyes, and tried to think of a way out. Which gave her plenty of time to realize that without her weapons, stripped down to her tunic and skirt, she wasn’t going to have a lot of luck facing a powerful witch infamous for terrorizing the countryside.

“Hello?” Said a warbling voice, “Star?”

Star opened her eyes and saw a pinkish image of a good friend, Kristoff the Wizard.

“Quiet Kris,” she hushed him, “she might hear you.”

“What?” The holographic image shouted, “I can’t hear you, you’re barely coming through.”

“I said..” She shut up, that was a losing battle, “have you found me? Are you coming?”

“We’re trying to find you. After the fight, she left the town a mess. We can’t figure out where Zannethrane went.”

Star had to calm herself, they didn’t know where she was. She could be here for months, years. How long was it between their first and second battle with the witch? 2 seasons.

“Don’t worry, Star,” Kris said, “We have Brex tracking your scent. We won’t lose you, I promise.”

The image got weaker, then it faded away entirely.

What could Zannethrane want with her? Her memory was returning, and she remembered being ambushed in a town square while they were just buying supplies. They prepared the cursed staff to use against her, were ready to fight, then Zannethrane was on Star in a blink. Then her memory was blank.

She didn’t even know if this was her first time waking up, or talking to Kris. She had to assume it was. If she was going to be here for months, she couldn’t stand up to Zannethrane with simple aggression. It seemed like her old philosophical arguments with Kris were coming back to haunt her. Though considering her own stance, ‘philosophy’ was a stretch.

Star looked at the bottle, it was still in the center of the room, just within reach. She grabbed it, uncorked it, and sniffed at it.

“Milk?” She whispered. It smelled like plain dairy milk. That would definitely keep her alive.

She dipped a pinky into the bottle, and tasted the milk. Tasteless, that slight ‘light’ sensation of cold milk. Maybe she was saving the really cruel torture for later. Star took a deep breath, and felt her stomach gurgle in hunger. She was going to have to do this.

Star drank from the bottle, the cool liquid sliding down her throat in large gulps. It wasn’t bad, in fact it was delicious. She stopped and let out a gasp of relief. She looked around the room, worried there would be something wrong with her vision. Her skin was still red, her tail still worked, everything was fine. Over the next hour, she finished the whole bottle.

Star put her horns back against the stone wall, and tried to relax. Two hours later, she was faced with a unique problem of being in a dungeon. Despite all attempts to forget about it, pretend it wasn’t happening, or label it as a non-issue, Star’s bladder demanded attention.

She had been in a variety of dungeons in her years of adventuring, and now she had to decide if this was going to be the sort of dungeon where you came out smelling like you already died, or if Zannethrane was going to give her a pot. One look around the room made her think it was likely the former.

Star squeezed her legs together. It felt like she hadn’t gone in over a day, and she realized that could be true. She slept for who knows how long.

There were footsteps in the hall, and Star’s nerves went on edge. She wanted to try to move to her feet, but the shock of Zannethrane’s approaching footsteps sent a bolt through her bladder. She stayed down, but grabbed the bottle. There was only going to be one shot at this.

The witch appeared, and a crooked smile spread across her face. She had a wooden bowl in her hands, like something an apothecary or cook would use. Unfortunately, all Star could see was a possible receptacle for her to void. She bit her lip.

“I see you took my offer,” Zannethrane said as she opened the gate and walked into the room, “I’m flattered, cursed child.”

She put the bowl down by the door, and looked over Star’s body, brown horns, glowing crimson eyes.

“I should be more courteous, your name is Star isn’t it?” She said, “I bet that means you named yourself. Though, personally I find the name fitting.”

Star was ready to break the bottle, and bring it against the witch. Maybe it wouldn’t put her down for good, but she had to at least try. She just hoped she had the strength to do it.

Then, Zannethrane grabbed at the slack chain on her side of the room, and started to pull. Star’s eyes went wide, and she realized too late as her hands were yanked above her head.

“No!” She yelled. The bottle hung there, gripped by the neck.

“Naughty naughty,” Zannethrane said as she continued to pull Star up without effort.

Star’s toes left the ground, and she felt the weight of her body pulling down. Especially one area in particular.

Zannethrane walked over and reached up, grabbing the bottle in Star’s hands. The tiefling held on to it with a weak grunt of resistance.

The witch looked her in the eyes, an overbearing stare that lacked the coldness that Star assumed she would see, “you don’t seem to realize the situation you’re in.”

Zannethrane ran her other hand over Star’s chest, the small bit of exposed cleavage at the top of her tunic. The woman’s cold hands slipped into the space between her breasts, a slow exploration that made Star’s skin crawl. The hand gripped her, then slid down her side, a distant touch outside of her clothing. It travelled to her stomach, then two fingers pressed into her lower belly.

The sudden pressure sent bells of alarm through Star’s body, and her thighs clapped together as she squeezed with all of her might. High on her list of personal goals was to not piss herself in front of evil witches.

Her hands let go of the bottle, and Zannethrane caught it without effort, putting it down on the ground. Then the witch went back to the door, collected her bowl, and put it down just below Star’s feet.

“I came here to help you,” Zannethrane said, “I told myself, drinking that much of my homegrown milk, the poor girl must be in a frenzy by now. I’ll go down there personally, and solve the issue.”

Star tried to grin, “thanks, but I’m fine, really.”

“Oh?” Zannethrane said with a few rapid blinks of her long lashes, “then I guess you won’t mind if I take my bowl back?”

She leaned back down to grab it, and Star felt her eyes zero in on the bowl. It looked like sweet relief. Just looking at it made her body throb. That small pain, centered just above her groin, and growing. It would be so easy to just let it go.

Star realized Zannethrane was looking up at her, “unless you would rather it stays.”

Star didn’t say a word, instead looking away.

She felt a hand on her thigh, and looked over to see Zannethrane’s eyes going over her body. The woman’s cold digits slid up the inside of Star’s leg, fingers splayed over her skin. It made Star’s muscles tense, in fear, anticipation.

“You don’t have to be embarrassed,” Zannethrane said, “it is only natural. I know you have to be full. So just, let loose. I promise to clean up any spillover. I’ll be just like your mother, Star.”

“Shut up!” Star shouted, and she kicked out a leg.

The witch caught it, and the pulse of panic through her body made Star regret the action immediately.

Zannethrane smiled at her, her fingers sliding further up Star’s legs. The fingers vanished under her skirt, moved up against her undergarments. Star’s breathing was getting faster, she didn’t know what to expect next.

A finger touched her lower lips, the ones she wanted closed so tight. A thumb slid along her entrance, down one direction, up again, as if curious. Never harsh, teasing. She knew her own body, and all she could imagine was her lips parting for the foreign finger, welcoming it without question after she had neglected her womanhood for so long on the road.

“Please,” Star’s voice wavered, “Zannethrane, stop.”

Zannethrane let her leg down, but reached between Star’s legs and pulled up her tail. Star caught her breath, her body begging her for relief. She felt like she was fighting a stupid battle. All of this for what, to not do her private business in front of an enemy? She was going to hurt herself at this point.

Zannethrane took the fuzzy end of Star’s tail, and rubbed along it with a single finger. Star tried to ignore the sensation, but Zannethrane was looking her square in the eyes.

“I’ll tell you the truth,” Zannethrane said, “since it won’t matter. I’m not just helping you with the bowl. You might have guessed that already.”

Star tried counting in her head, but that made the seconds seem to drain past. Her thighs clenched reflexively. Every stroke of her tail sent a small wave of pleasure through her body. It wasn’t exactly a reaction she liked to advertise, but here the witch seemed to know her every intimate weakness.

“There is a spell, you see. It requires a certain special ingredient. I let the catalyst run through you, and now.”

Zannethrane’s hand caressed Star’s lower belly, “well, now you’re going to spill the reagent I need, down your legs, into my bowl, and just in time for my victory.”

Star tried to pull her tail free, but Zannethrane held it tight, “why don’t you just buy some on a black market, or whatever you witches do?”

Zannethrane thought about it, “freshness, for one. When your goal is absolute domination, sometimes you need to go the extra mile. Plus, I do like to touch you, Star.”

There was a distant hissing sound from outside the room, and Zannethrane frowned, there went that look of contempt.

“Plus,” She said, letting go of Star’s tail, “you’ll find that the voided contents of a half-lost soul isn’t that common in your local bazaar. Excuse me for a minute.”

Zannethrane started to leave the room, then turned at the door, a wide smile on her face as she looked at Star’s clenched legs, “Feel free to water the weeds at any time.” Then she was gone.

As soon as she was out of the room, a pink outline appeared in front of Star. Star’s heart jumped, which lead to her squeezing her whole lower body. She felt like a dammed waterfall, the rapids pressing up against the wood.

“Star,” Kris’s voice came through the communication spell.

“Kris, you seem clearer now.”

“We’re right outside,” Kris said, “We’re working our way into the building. We should be there to rescue you in mere minutes. Turns out she is…”

“Yeah yeah,” She said with a shake of her head, “Hurry the hell up. She is cooking up some sort of spell, and I need you guys to break me free.”

Kris looked at her with an eyebrow raised, “Well if we defeat her, that should stop the spell right?”

Star’s bladder pinged with pain, and she grunted with the effort to hold back the tide. “Just hurry, please.”

He opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something else, and then Star heard the distant sound of an explosion, and the outline started to fade. “We are on our way, just hold on.”

Easier said than done. Star looked down at the bowl between her legs, and felt a pang of pressure. Her breathing was erratic now, and she knew she probably just had enough minutes for them to get to her. This was well beyond the point of telling people you had to go despite the setting, or even the point of running off into the woods even if your friends were left confused. If she wasn’t sure that Zannethrane was going to blow up a chunk of the local barony, she would have let loose already.

Instead, as the pressure built up inside her, she squeezed her thighs together, and cursed the bars above her for making it impossible for her to hold herself. Her knees twisted one over the other, and she squeezed her eyes shut. A chill went down her spine and she felt a small jet of warmth.

Her eyes opened in a panic. Was she going? No, just a small leak, she was safe for now. All she had to do was hold on.

“It seems your friends are here,” Zannethrane said as she walked back into the room with her arms crossed one over the other, “So I do hope you’re finished.”

She walked over and looked down at the bowl, a look of maternal disappointment on her face.

“Star, Star, Star,” She said as she moved closer, reaching out and touching Star on the cheek, “you’re making this hard for no reason, dear. Think about it, even if your friends were going to defeat me, I can’t cook up my spell while they are running around.”

Her fingers edged the skin between Star’s hair and horn, then she laid a small kiss on her chin.

“Just let it loose, I promise not to make a big deal about it. Were you mocked as a child? Weak bladder? I know you haven’t resisted nearly as long as I predicted, and I’m thankful for that, really. But we’re working on a stunted timetable now.”

Star couldn’t move. Her whole body was strained like one muscle. One drop had already come through, and she knew that she was moments away from letting the whole torrent loose. She could already imagine the sweet release, that moment of satisfaction when it all comes flowing free. She felt another warm drop between her legs and stifled a gasp.

“Unless,” Zannethrane said with her mouth agape and a sparkle in her eyes, “You’re already going? Oh how adorable, like a training child. I always forget how absorbent commoner materials are.”

Zannethrane reached under Star’s skirt, and she could feel the witch’s cold fingers hook into her undergarment shorts.

“No,” Star begged, “Stop, stop.”

The witch sidled them down, the material sliding down over Star’s hips. They caught between her feet since one was over the other, but Zannethrane pulled them free. She looked at the crotch, and Star felt a blush come to her cheeks. There was a dark spot about the size of a small silver piece.

Zannethrane smiled, then tossed them aside. Her hands went back to Star’s waist, pulling up her skirt and looking at Star’s bare womanhood.

“You really are beautiful, do you know that? I’m glad I had to capture you. No offense to your partners in futile rebellion, but you are my favorite.” Zannethrane said.

Star felt a brief squirt between her legs, and let out a small squeak in surprise. She felt so weak. She couldn’t figure out why this was happening to her. Any day of the week she would be charging Zannethrane with a blade in hand. Instead the witch was watching as small droplets escaped from her most intimate places.

“Look at that,” Zannethrane giggled, “It’s happening.”

Zannethrane’s fingers slid along her thighs, forcing her legs apart. The lack of control drove Star insane. A dribble of liquid slid down her leg.

“Come on, you can do it little one,” Zannethrane said. Her index finger slid along Star’s lips, teased her, touched her. The fingers came away moist, but Star didn’t know what had made them wetter.

“Hold on Star!” Said a distant voice. It was Kris, they were here. She could hear several sets of feet charging toward her.

“Not yet,” Zannethrane whispered toward Star’s wavering bladder, “not just yet.”

Star couldn’t hold on, she knew she was seconds from bursting. She just wanted relief, but her friends were so close. All she had to do was hold on.

She felt another warm jet leave her lips, and a soft cry of shock turned into a moan of relief. It felt so good, even if just for a second. Then the pressure returned. This leak was longer, she couldn’t do it.

There was a trickling noise, and her eyes opened wide, her legs squeezing against Zannethrane’s grip, and it immediately stopped.

The face of Kris, Brex, Aelar, all appeared at the gate.

Zannethrane made a motion of her hand, and an arcane burst of power struck the gate, freezing it over with jagged ice. But she could still see them, clearly, and they could see Star.

Zannethrane let Star’s legs fall, and took a step to the side, leaving her a clear view of her friends as she struggled.

Another leak, this one flowed down her legs, a hot rivulet that made a path down her leg. Star’s bottom lip trembled, her muscles ached, and she felt the last of her strength waste away.

The small stream was joined by another, and a twin on her other leg. The stream grew stronger, and Star couldn’t ignore the quick bursts of relief coming over her. She looked up at her friends and saw their faces, shame, disgust, confusion. Tears came to Star’s eyes. She closed them and a sob shook her body.

She let loose, the telltale hissing sound filling the cell as the streams became a heavy flow, a waterfall that fell from between her lips and flowed straight into the bowl between her legs.

“Already getting full, you were holding a lot,” Zannethrane whispered, “my poor baby.”

Star couldn’t deny the feeling of relief, her head was hanging in shame. A blush came to her cheeks, and her whole body went slack. It felt exquisite.

She felt Zannethrane’s hand on her back, comforting her with small rubs as the loud flow turned into a slower trickle, then to soft pattering. As the last drops came out, Star felt a small moan escape her. She was empty.

Star realized there was a distant thumping sound. Her head pulled up, and she could see her friends trying to break through the ice.

“I would stay and clean you up,” Zannethrane said as she picked up the overflowing bowl of clearish liquid, “but it seems your friends insist on interrupting us.”

Zannethrane put a hand on Star’s cheeks, and Star was too weak to resist it. It was warm, for once. After everything she had been through, she had no will to be choosey.

“I’ll see you again soon, favorite.”

The ice shattered, and the warm hand was gone.

“Star!” Came the burly female voice of Brex. The orc ran over and lowered the chains, Star falling into the puddle of her remaining failure.

Kris came to her and started to lift her up.

“What was that?” Kris said, “what was she doing to you?”

Star hung from his shoulder, her legs feeling like loose noodles.

“Had to be a spell of some kind,” Aelar said, “the question is what does she intend to do with it?”

“For right now,” Kris said, “we need to get Star to safety, then we can figure out where to find her and stop her!”

“It doesn’t matter,” Star whispered.

“What?”

Star let out a weak laugh, “she won’t hurt me. She wouldn’t hurt me.”

