The Long Sports Game

Author: FullBladder85 

*000*2017-07-18 02:16

I wrote most of this story several years ago, but got stuck with the ending and gave up on it. But then a few months ago I was looking through some of my half written stories I gave up on over the years, and I saw this story was the closest to completion, plus I liked what I had written so far a few years ago. So I finally managed to write an ending for it that I was satisfied with. 

Note: This story is roughly 4,400 words long. 

---------- 

The Long Sports Game

Lauren was a huge sports fan, so when she heard her favorite team made it to the grand finals Lauren had immediately bought tickets for herself. And since the games were 6 hours away she had signed up for a bus ride to and from the game, a bus that would be filled with plenty of other local fans. Lauren chose to wear a short sleeve blue shirt with the team's logo on it, and a short pair of blue jean shorts for the day. 

When Lauren first boarded the bus she soon realized that out of 40+ passengers she was the only woman on the bus. Lauren didn't mind being the only woman on board, as she was soon swept up in the party atmosphere. The soda and beer Lauren and everyone else was drinking was technically being sold by the bus company, but Lauren didn't have to pay for any of it as at least half a dozen guys on board bought drinks for her. 

Lauren had expected with all the drinking going on, and the lack of a bathroom on board, that the bus would stop at a rest stop eventually. However, when the bus did stop after 3 hours, it was only to pull over to the side of the road in the middle of nowhere. Lauren had drank at least a half dozen beverages by then, and could have used a bathroom break. And yet, Lauren was the only one to stay on the bus while all the men relieved themselves in the bushes, many within plain sight of Lauren through the windows of the bus. No one seemed to think of Lauren and her needs as the men got back on the bus and resumed their drinking and journey. 

Despite her disappointment over the lack of a proper reststop, Lauren resumed to be swept up in the party atmosphere and continued to let the guys buy her more drinks. Lauren was sure that she could wait till they got to the stadium and then use the ladies room there before the game started. 

Unfortunately for the group, traffic got a lot worse the second half of the trip, so instead of arriving a half an hour early, the group was at least 5 minutes late as the bus pulled into its parking spot. By the time the group arrived at the stadium Lauren had allowed herself to down another half dozen beverages of beer and/or soda. Lauren hadn't peed in over 7 hours and really needed a piss by now as she nearly hobbled off the bus. 

To Lauren's disappointment, the first thing the men on the bus all did when getting out was line up against a nearby fence to piss again. Lauren knew some women would squat down by the fence for a pee as well outside of stadiums, but Lauren wasn't that kind of a woman. Plus, there was no way Lauren was exposing herself for a piss in front of 40+ guys who had been strangers to her before boarding the bus, and who knows how many hidden cameras around the stadium. 

Lauren rushed ahead of the guys to present her ticket to get inside the stadium, and she hurried towards the nearest ladies rooms. At first Lauren was relieved to see no line at the ladies room for once as she approached. But then Lauren got closer and saw a sign was taped to the door, with dread Lauren read "Out of Order due to plumbing issues". Lauren groaned as she tried the door to the ladies room anyway, but it was locked, as she expected. 

Lauren hurried over to the only other ladies room in the stadium, located at the opposite end of the stadium. But of course there was a long line of women already ahead of her. Also, because of the location of the restroom, Lauren couldn't see a thing going on in the game, which had already started. After a couple of minutes of the line for the ladies room not moving, the sports fan in Lauren got the better of her. Lauren rushed back to her seat to watch the game, still unrelieved. 

The men were already in their seats when Lauren arrived, and were ordering refreshments from a vendor. Lauren's good looks and the guys kindness ended up getting her a free hotdog for dinner, as well as an extra large 42 oz cup of soda. Lauren quickly downed the hotdog, and despite her bladder's complaints, she kept on steadily downing her extra large soda the next few hours while watching the game. 

Even though Lauren was glued to the match, which was quite close all game, she kept glancing at the only available ladies room during the game. Lauren hoped to be able to rush in for a quick piss when there wasn't a line, yet every time she checked the line seemed to be longer than before. 

As the game wore on for several hours, Lauren could tell that a number of the guys in her group needed to use the bathroom again after all the beer and soda they were drinking at the game. But like Lauren, none of the guys made a move for the toilet, the game was too intoxicating to miss any of it. Plus none of the guys had to pee as badly as Lauren did, though Lauren was well practiced at covering up her need to urinate, so she doubted any of the guys realized her plight. In fact, Lauren became certain the guys were clueless that she hadn't had a piss in 9 hours when she finished her 42 oz soda cup, and one of the guys bought her another one without even asking if she wanted another. Not wanting to be rude, and feeling trapped, a desperate Lauren started slowly sucking down her second 42 oz soda cup. Lauren was just glad none of the guys were brazen enough to start pissing into their empty soda cups. 

Despite Lauren's desperate plight, the game, which lasted nearly 4 hours, ended up being well worth the trip when her team took the lead at the last minute and won. Still, as the group of 40 got up to dance around and celebrate their team's victory, it was clear nearly everyone really needed a bathroom break with all the leg crossing and crotch grabbing Laruen saw. Lauren had by now gone over 11 hours without a bathroom break herself, and she was determined to avoid waiting at least another 6 hours during her bus ride home. 

Lauren whispered to one of the guys who had been most generous to her with the free drinks "please have the bus wait for me, I need to use the ladies room before we go", and quickly ran off before he could answer. 

Even with someone to attempt to make the bus wait for her, Lauren knew she had no more than 10 minutes to use the bathroom and get back to the bus. The bus driver had promised the bus would leave within 10 minutes of the game ending. So after a minute of waiting in the long line for the ladies room, and realizing she could never make it inside in time and still make the bus, Lauren left the line and looked around for another option. 

Lauren thought she had found her answer when she saw the nearby men's room, surely they wouldn't mind letting a desperate woman use the stall she thought. But the line for the men's room to was too long for Lauren to wait in. Knowing 3 minutes had already passed since the game had ended, Lauren half ran and half hobbled to the other side of the stadium, where she knew the other men's room was next to the out of order ladies room. But luck wasn't with Lauren there either, as that line was even longer. And sure enough when Lauren tried to cut in line she found that no one was letting anyone cut in the line, especially not a woman who didn't even belong in the men's room line in the first place. 

Feeling increasingly frustrated at her plight, Lauren checked her watch, 7 minutes had passed since the game ended. Lauren knew she had no choice but to make sure she didn't miss the bus at this point, as no matter what her bladder told her Lauren couldn't risk being stranded without a ride home. As Lauren hobbled into the stadium's parking lot towards the bus she couldn't help but see countless men, and indeed even a bunch of women, all lined up against the fence having the pee Lauren herself badly needed after all her heavy drinking. Yet just like before, there was no way Lauren was going to drop her jeans, squat down by a fence, and pee in front of hundreds of strangers and who knows how many cameras. Besides, Lauren had wasted so much time trying to use the ladies and men's rooms in the stadium that she didn't even have the time to use the fence anymore. 

Lauren only just made it back to the bus in time, she was greeted by the angry driver telling her "you're late lady" as she hobbled on board, making it clear he was in no mood to delay the group any farther on account of her. As she sat in her seat Lauren wondered why she couldn't have just paid extra to stay at a motel for the night, so she wouldn't have to worry about a 6 plus hour ride back home, all while still not having pissed in over 11 hours. 

It was only then that Lauren realized that the guy she had sat down to was the same guy who Lauren had asked to hold the bus for her. As the bus started to pull out onto the road the guy leaned over to Lauren and whispered "hey you were able to use the ladies room weren't you? I feared you'd take a lot longer then that with the lines, so did the driver which was why he was so pissed off". 

Lauren almost confessed the truth to him about how desperate she still was for a leak. But he was still a stranger on a bus full of male strangers who Lauren had never met before today. The thought of confessing it to a complete stranger was too embarrassing to Lauren, as was openly doing a pee dance to make it obvious to the whole bus that she had to piss badly. So Lauren simply replied to his whisper with a whispered back "Yeah I was able to have a leak, thanks for being such a gentleman". 

The partying and party atmosphere on the bus soon resumed, just like on the way to the game, but with even more drinking then before. Because Lauren was too embarrassed to admit her plight to any of the male passengers, and was excellent at hiding how desperately she had to pee, Lauren got yet more free drinks from the guys, most of which were from the man sitting next to her. 

After 2 hours of riding Lauren had already drank another half dozen cups of soda and beer. After 13 hours of heavy drinking and holding it without relief Lauren was beginning to seriously consider stepping out of the bus with the guys to squat down in the bushes and pee at the next 'reststop' by the side of the road. Lauren was beginning to get so desperate for a piss that she could feel herself getting nearer the end of her rope. On top of all that, the bus was hitting much worse traffic on the way home, so Lauren was certain that the ride home would take at least an hour longer then the ride to the stadium, and that the driver would be even less inclined to stop at a proper rest-stop for her if she asked. At one point during the ride Lauren traded places with the guy next to her for the window seat, in hopes that she would have more opportunities to squirm around in desperation without anyone noticing. 

Yet after 2 and a half hours of riding, now in the dead of night, Lauren found her seat swap might not have been the best idea. When the driver pulled the bus over on the side of the road for another pee break, Lauren's seatmate was sound asleep, and didn't wake up on his own from the bus stopping. He was also a large guy, and the space between the rows of seats was narrow, so there wasn't enough room for Lauren to simply climb around or over him to get to the aisle. Lauren frantically tried gently waking him up as all the other men on the bus walked by their row of seats and off the bus, but the guy stubbornly remained asleep. When the bus was emptied of everyone but them after a minute, Lauren tried being louder and rougher. "Please wake up already! We're at a pit stop!" Lauren hissed into his ear. 

After what felt like an eternity of trying, but was probably just 2 to 3 minutes, Lauren finally got a response. "Huh, what is it" asked the guy, still sounding very drowsy. He bent his head towards the front of the bus, where some of the men were already coming back on board. 

"We're pulled over at pit stop, don't you have to pee after all that drinking" asks Lauren, carefully not admitting to her own need that the guy had delayed. She couldn't help but notice the guy's hands reaching near his groin area, as if desperately gripping his penis through his pants. 

"Oh yeah, that's a good idea, thanks lady" he muttered as he shook his head. The guy stood up and started to rush towards the exit, but he was slowed by the by now heavy stream of guys getting back on the bus. The bus driver was among them, Lauren heard him shout at the guy to make it fast as he squeezed by the driver. 

Lauren would have rushed after the man who had blocked her in her seat to take a leak in the grass after 13 and a half hours of holding it. But with so many guys rushing back on the bus, and the driver clearly in no mood for farther delays she had missed her chance already. Lauren groaned internally as she waited another minute for the guy to return to her row of seats. 

The bus pulled back on the road even before Lauren's seatmate had gotten halfway back to his seat, where Lauren let him have the window seat this time around. "Thanks again for waking me up for the pit stop, I really needed to pee badly" her seatmate tells her as he takes his seat. "I hope my nap didn't keep you from taking a pit stop to though, I mean, I noticed you didn't pee with us back there, or at the previous pit stops". 

"Oh, I'm good thanks" Lauren lied, though she couldn't help but blush at the man stating the obvious, and having guessed her problem. "Us girls are used to these sorts of things not having pit stops for us, even with all the drinking we do in a party atmosphere like this". 

After some more small talk between Lauren and the guy, Lauren resumed to get swept up in the partying on the bus again. The partying of course met that that the man bought Lauren another half dozen beverages of beer and soda the next three hours, as if convinced by Lauren's earlier answer that her bladder wasn't a problem. But the truth was Lauren was dying for a piss worse than ever after 16 and a half hours without leaking a drop. 

Lauren glanced around the bus, and realized that after 3 more hours of partying she wasn't the only one feeling it in her bladder. A lot of the guys were obviously in need of a piss once again, including Lauren's seatmate. However, the bus was currently stuck in stop and go traffic due to some late night construction, with a number of construction workers visible in the distance. Lauren crossed and re-crossed her legs as she prayed the bus could find somewhere in private to stop soon for everyone to do their business. 

Several minutes later Lauren's prayers were answered, but not at all in the way she wanted. Several of the by now drunk and desperate men forced the bus driver to let them out to piss by the side of the road, with some of the construction workers just 20 feet away. That soon triggered a rush of the other guys to pee by the side of the road in front of the other cars and construction workers. 

At first Lauren's nerves failed her, as she let all the guys leave the bus first. Then just as Lauren was about to get up the nerve to join the men in pissing, despite the lack of privacy, she saw some of the construction workers had come over and started to yell at the guys for their public urination. "Oh fuck! When will I ever get to pee again" Lauren moaned to herself in the empty bus as she griped her desperate cunt for dear life. Lauren glanced at her watch, and estimated she still had another 2 hours to go before the bus got back to the home bus stop. 

The guys soon returned to the bus in a haste. Lauren's seatmate was clearly quite relieved as he sat back down next to her. "You don't know what you missed Lauren" her seatmate told her. "Those guys threatened to have us all hauled off for public urination, I'm just glad I was able to finish up first". 

Lauren shifted uncomfortably in her seat and replied "well it's not your fault that the driver won't stop at a proper rest stop for us like he should". Lauren adjusted her legs again from her desperation, hoping it wasn't obvious what she was doing. Thankfully her seatmate began to talk about other things at that point, and seemed oblivious to her plight. 

The last few hours of the bus ride home was the worse for Lauren. With the guys having all been relieved yet again the party atmosphere, and drinking, resumed, and the guys bought Lauren a half dozen more cups of soda & beer, which Lauren felt forced to drink to avoid being rude to the men who thought they were being generous to her. 

It ended up taking another 3 hours thanks to traffic for the bus to get back home. Lauren, who hadn't peed in 19 and a half hours by then, was on the verge of a major accident, and wanted to be the first one to rush off the bus. However, reality was Lauren was seated near the back of the bus, and she knew the guys would be slow to get out. So despite her bladder screaming for relief, Lauren decided to remain seated until the other guys all left the bus first, so she could minimize the time standing up, which was sure to be much worse on her bladder. 

5 painful minutes later, Lauren and her seatmate were about the only other people left on the bus. Lauren wasn't sure why her seatmate hadn't joined the rush of others leaving to, she had offered to get up to let him out into the aisle, but he had insisted he'd wait with her for the crowd to thin out. When the two of them were finally alone Lauren's seatmate turned to face her. "Come on, I'll walk you to your car". 

Lauren shifted her legs around, barely able to keep from grabbing her crotch anymore in front of her seatmate. "That's kind of you, but I'd rather walk myself" Lauren replied. Lauren hadn't actually driven to the bus station, she had walked. Lauren just wanted to rush off to find a ladies room to piss in at long last. And Lauren would rather not have a guy who just a stranger to her 24 hours ago tagging along. 

"Well if you insist, I can give you a ride home if you're feeling too exhausted to drive. Or because of the time we could go out for drinks and breakfast together" the guy replied as Lauren finally got up and tried to hurry as best she could off the bus without losing control of her bladder. The guy got up to follow closely behind Lauren 

"No thank you, I'm fine, and I really have to get going" insisted Lauren, trying to ditch the guy. All Lauren could think of was getting to a toilet so she could finally pee as she hobbled out of the bus, nearly losing it in front of the guy. Lauren was embarrassed by the thought of how obvious it had to be to the guy that she was so desperate to piss. Fortunately the guy took the hint and went his separate way. 

Lauren desperately glanced around for the public restrooms after stepping out of the bus. There were none near where the bus had parked, but Lauren knew where to find one at the station. Since it was now 6:30 AM Lauren had to make her way through the early morning traffic as she made her desperate way to the ladies room. 

For a moment Lauren breathed a deep sigh of relief as she saw the sign pointing to the ladies room, knowing she was so near relief at long last. But then when Lauren made her way through the crowds of people walking by she shuddered in disbelief. There was a large out of order sign taped to the door of the ladies room. Lauren desperately tried the door knob anyway, hoping the sign was just some sick prank, but alas the knob refused to turn. 

Being too desperate to care anymore who saw her doing it, Lauren openly gripped her crotch with both hands and fidgeted around madly from her overwhelming need to piss. Lauren glanced around the station, desperate for somewhere, anywhere, that she could discretely hide and pee at. But Lauren immediately realized that even if she found such a place she could never hope to pee unnoticed with the rush of morning traffic at the station. 

Still feeling quite desperate and defeated, Lauren decided to go with plan B, get herself home as quickly as humanly possible to use her own toilet. Not having a car with her, and knowing there were no bus stops or other forms of public transportation that got her any closer to her house, Lauren started walking home as fast as her legs could carry her. Every time Lauren had to stop at an intersection to wait to cross the street was torture for her nearly overflowing bladder, which was nearing 20 desperate hours without relief. 

Finally, after what felt like forever, Lauren could see the front door of her house just as her watch said it was 7 AM. Lauren felt her bladder once again almost losing it at the sight of being so close to her own toilet at long last. Lauren rushed to the front door with one hand firmly gripping her crotch in desperation, and tried the door knob, but of course it didn't work, Laruen had locked it. 

Lauren moaned as she gripped her crotch with both hands and fidgeted around like mad, hopping from foot to foot. She was so close to her toilet, her bathroom was practically right next to the front door. But just the thought of removing a hand from her crotch to take out her keys to open the front door was torture to her bladder. But Lauren knew she had to do it in order to get to her toilet, so Laruen took a deep breath and grit her teeth, and reached into her pocket to grab her keys. 

That turned out to be the easy part, getting the keys to turn in her doorknob was harder. Lauren knew from experience that it required her to use both her hands to force the key to turn in the key hole to unlock the door. Lauren stuck the key in the slot and tried with all her might to turn the key to unlock the door, only to feel a large spurt of piss escape into her jeans and panties. 

"Oh No!" moaned Lauren as she had to grip her moist crotch again with both hand. Lauren didn't have to inspect the damage to know it would be obvious to anyone walking by that she had partially pissed herself if she turned around to face them. "Please open up already door" Lauren begged the lock as she returned her hands to it again. After some more tugging, but thankfully no more leaks, Lauren finally turned the knob and unlocked the door. 

"Oh thank god" Lauren moaned in pleasure as she loudly slammed the front door open and ran inside. Lauren wasted no time hobbling the couple foot walk into her bathroom, and ripping her jeans and panties down to her feet in one swift motion. Lauren started to piss a gusher even before she had finished sitting down. Lauren breathed a sigh of deep relief as she continued to piss away, hardly believing how long she had been able to hold on, especially after drinking so much free soda and beer the guys had given her. Lauren's gusher ended up lasting several minutes. 

Still, despite how very desperate Lauren had been for a piss much of the time, it had been a wonderful game, and a wonderful night. "It was a tough night on my bladder, but I'd gladly go through it again just to see my team win next year" Lauren said to herself as she finished up in the bathroom, and then headed for bed to take a nap after her sleepless ride back. 

*006*2017-07-19 00:55

{{7 hours ago, jimpix123 said: 

I'm surprised you never described her "rock hard bladder bulge" lol 

Excellent story though, great job 

}}

I was honestly a little surprised about that myself last night when I realized I didn't mention the word bulge once. 

That said, the bulk of this story was written several years ago, with a different writing style than I normally use today, as I mentioned in my first post. Aside from fixing a couple of typos in that part, I changed nothing else when I added an ending to this story. I tried to mimic the writing style from that part in my ending. I wanted to see if people would prefer one writing style over the other. 


