Avery's Apartment

Author: FUBOT

*000*2019-08-18 07:25

These stories are part of a series of stories I once posted elsewhere. Only a few of them have any omorashi in them, and I don't think most of them are even online anymore. The series is about a woman who inherits an apartment complex, and finds out that most of the men who live there are some sort of monster. For some reason, this doesn't seem to terrify her, and instead she ends up flirting with them. There is explicit sex in nearly all of these, mixed with dubious consent.

Characters to know:

Avery - Our female protagonist

Derrick - A Drider/Spiderman

Ivan - An invisible man

Alan - A tentacle monster, maybe an alien?

Avery's Apartment: Chapter P1

Handy Man (With Avery and Derrick)

Derrick stared at Avery from the darkness of his apartment. She didn’t know if he didn’t understand her request, so she gave him a moment, and then repeated it again.

“So, do you think you can fix it?” she asked.

Derrick stood up straight, his upper pair of arms brushed a chunk of hair away from his eyes, temporarily exposing the many sets of pure black orbs that dotted his face. The middle arms cupped his chin in thought.

Avery had given up trying to notice his other arms when they weren’t actively doing something. Like Alan’s tentacles, there had to be some trick at play that made them seem normal until he wanted you to notice. Some other time she would have to ask how that worked. She took too much for granted.

“It just seems like a clog?” he asked, in that quiet and calm voice he maintained.

Avery shrugged, “I guess? It’s overflowing now, and I’ve tried the two tricks I know, jiggling the handle and lifting that plunger-thingy inside the back.”

“You’d be surprised how few people know what that is, or what it even does,” Derrick said, his head turning to look down the hall, even though he was still talking to her, “it’s actually called a…”

He looked back at Avery, and something made him stop talking. He swallowed, and then nodded, “Sure, I’ll come up and take a look.”

She smiled, clapping her hands in front of her, “Thanks Derrick. I can credit it to your rent if you’d like.”

He frowned, and put several hands on the door, “No, that won’t be necessary. Besides, I’ve still got repairs to do on this floor, right? We don’t need to exacerbate the bookkeeping situation.”

The door to his apartment started to close.

Avery put a hand out, “Well I’ll see you then, soon?”

He nodded, never slowing down his attempt to shut the door, “I’ll be right up.”

“Thanks,” Avery said just before the door clicked closed.

She went back upstairs toward her apartment. It was embarrassing really, she didn’t know if she used too much TP, or if the old pipes just couldn’t hold out. Now her toilet was flooded, a puddle of clear liquid stretching across the floor. She had a ring of towels to keep the puddle contained, but at this point she didn’t want to go anywhere near it.

Hopefully Derrick was quick. It was hard enough maintaining the building and collecting rent, she still couldn’t get in contact with the ‘Right-O Plumbing’ company that her Grandpa Avery had listed in his file cabinet.

Plus, she didn’t want to have to make the two block walk to the burger joint if the two bottles of water she downed to stay cool came back to get revenge.

Avery paced the hall up on her floor, stopping when she saw a man in a long brown coat and baseball cap heading toward the stairs.

“Ivan,” Avery said.

Ivan, covered in the same disguise she remembered from the first time she saw him sneaking back into the apartment, looked up at her. His face was obscured by shades and a cough mask. He looked like he was about to go out into a New York winter, but it was still sweltering outside.

“You’re going out in all that?” she asked as she walked over to him, “where are you even going?”

He tilted his head as she walked up, “Unlike you, some of us have to work for a living, Princess.”

She frowned and pointed at him, “What is it going to take for you to remember that ‘being an ass’ isn’t the best way to start a conversation.”

His cough mask curled up in a grin. It was odd to know his reaction without having to count on his snide remarks. Seeing Ivan smile would have been uplifting, if he wasn’t usually insulting her.

“Is class in session?” he said as he started to walk past her, turning to walk backwards as he went past, “because I didn’t bring the text, and your little summer dress number there is sending me mixed messages, teach.”

He made her look down. It wasn’t a ‘summer dress’, it was just long and flowing. She was tired of sweating through so many of her tops and shorts.

She followed after him, “Hey, don’t be in such a rush.”

He didn’t fight her as she walked beside him down the stairs, “Make it quick. While I would love to chit-chat, I don’t want to be in this get up a second longer than necessary. It’s like a cotton sauna.”

Avery laughed, and she was surprised how genuine he could be when he wasn’t trying to be a creep. Maybe it was because he was distracted. His eyes were turned ahead, he was telling the truth, he was making a bee-line for the exit.

“I wanted to ask about Derrick,” she said, “you were helpful with Alan. What do you know about Mr. Hunt?”

Ivan chuckled, and turned to look at her as they came down the last few steps, “Outside of the fact that he probably considers you equal parts breeding partner and cuisine?”

She crossed her arms, and tried not to get too angry at the allegation, “He is coming up to work on the plumbing. Should I trust him?”

“Hell no,” Ivan said, before putting up a gloved hand in a peace sign, “But you won’t listen to me anyway. So, later.”

She stopped and watched him go to the door. There was something in his voice as he said that, she couldn’t tell if it was concern or something simpler.

He opened the door, stopped, and turned to Avery.

She couldn’t help but stand a little taller.

“Derrick keeps good control of himself. Guy is probably the smartest thing in the building. But giant spiders aren’t exactly built for impulse control. If he eats you while I’m gone, you owe me a blowjob.”

Avery sneered, “Go to work, jackass.”

He bowed his head, and walked out into the summer sun.

She walked back up the stairs, going over Ivan’s every word in her head. Derrick did seem to have a lot of books in his apartment, and he always had an opinion on any technical subject. Could he really be that bad at controlling himself?

Was Ivan even one to talk? He couldn’t even keep his pants on. She would see for herself. Maybe her first encounter with Derrick wasn’t the best, but then again Ivan did sneak into his apartment.

Avery went back to her apartment and went to sit down on her couch. The soft trickle of water in her bathroom reminded her that she had a crisis. She stopped herself before sitting, and went to stand in the bathroom doorway. She felt useless.

There was a knock at the door, and Avery went and opened it. Derrick was standing there, dark brown skin lit up by the sun beaming through the windows. His hair was still in his eyes, but looking up, she could see little hints of the many black orbs dotting his face.

“I’m here to clear your-” he coughed, covering his mouth with a hand, while a second pair of arms held a tablet far away to keep it safe from anything that flew loose, “-clear your pipes.”

She opened her mouth to respond, but didn’t know if she was expected to laugh, or take him seriously. It sounded like a cheesy porn pick up line.

Derrick looked away from her, “Sorry about that.”

Definitely pick up line.

He put his hands on his hips as he walked past her, and another set of arms brought the tablet up to his face, while adjusting his hair slightly so he could read. He had a tool-belt at his waist, and she could see his third set of arms sorting through them, maybe checking if they were all still in place. Focusing on his many arms was still difficult to do. When they were painting, she would forget he even had any extra arms, until he was pointing something out to her while putting new paint on a brush at the same time. It made her head hurt if she focused on it too much, it seemed easier to just let him do his thing.

Avery closed her door and turned to follow him.

“Wait!” Avery shouted.

He wasn’t wearing shorts with a tool belt, like she first thought.

Derrick turned, “Something wrong?”

“That’s a skirt!” she said, pointing in disbelief.

That wasn’t the word she was looking for. No, she knew what it was, but she still couldn’t quite believe Derrick had one. It was a brown cotton skirt that went down to past his knees, covered in heavy pockets that now had his tools sticking out here and there.

“It’s a utilikilt,” Derrick said with an odd confidence, “they say they feel great in the heat.”

Avery frowned, “Do they?”

He smiled, his too-jagged teeth sticking out, “It would be better with a breeze. But it is an improvement.”

Avery had no response. Derrick looked at her a little longer, but didn’t say anything either. Then he turned back to the bathroom.

She walked up beside him as he looked at the flooding bathroom tiles. He brought his tablet up again, and plugged away at it for a moment before walking through the toilet water puddled on the floor.

He opened the top, reached inside, and twisted a knob. The toilet stopped making its usual running-water sound, and he set the top aside to look down inside.

She was a little nervous. It was humiliating to have someone going through her toilet, first of all. Still worse would be if her problem was as simple as turning a single knob and calling it good. She would have called him up, with all those tools, just for him to make her look like an idiot because she couldn’t google well enough.

Derrick fiddled around inside the bowl, reaching in to move this and that aside.

While she made small circles just outside the bathroom, she watched as he plunged it, turned the same knob he turned before, and then tried to flush the toilet again.

She stopped and looked in. The toilet resumed flooding. There was a kind of relief there.

“Well, Avery,” Derrick said as he pulled up a wrench, “I know what isn’t the problem, which is a start. Be a darling, and grab me a towel or two to put on the floor.”

A darling?

“Oh, sure,” she said, going to her linen closet to get some of the older towels. She didn’t imagine she would want to use them again after this.

She held them out to him, and he looked down at her as he took them.

There was a pause before he said, “You really make a hard job feel easy.”

Avery couldn’t help but blush, “Uhm, what?”

Derrick stood up a little taller, opened his mouth, but nothing came out. In the end, he just grinned, and then turned around and laid the towels out on the bathroom tile.

“I’m going to see if I can fix this without removing any pipes,” Derrick said, “it seems that typically, any clog or obstruction can be cleared with a little time and the right tools.”

Time. As if her body was waiting for the inconvenience, she felt a small ping from her bladder. Those bottles of water were only going to give her so much time.

“How long do you think it’ll take?” she asked.

“Supposed to take a half hour,” he said as he fished around in his pockets for a what looked like a long metallic chain, “I would extend that forecast based on my inexperience, so forty-five to an hour.”

That would be fine. If she was only just feeling it, she could last for well over an hour without complaint. She let out a sigh of relief.

“Okay, keep me informed.”

Avery went and sat down on her couch, keeping an ear out for any signs of trouble in the bathroom. All she got to hear was the occasional mumbling from Derrick, and the sound of him rattling around with the metallic snake. He plunged it into the toilet bowl, grunted as he rooted it around, and let out sighs of frustration whenever he pulled it free again.

“Everything going okay?” Avery asked after Derrick was silent for a few minutes.

She leaned forward and peeked, and saw him put down his tablet on a shelf before his shoulders drooped.

“Let me show you something,” he said.

Avery got up, and noted the increase in pressure below her waist. It had been about twenty-five minutes, well the show on TV was different, so possibly longer. Hopefully he just wanted to show her that he was wrapping up.

She went to see him, stepping over a puddle to get to the towel that was now a little soggy with water it had absorbed.

“What’s up?” she asked, trying to seem upbeat.

Derrick smirked. It was an odd expression on him.

“There was a lot of build up in there,” Derrick said with a nod, an arm pointing toward the bowl while a lower set of arms were confidently on his hips, “I’ve snaked it, and tried to erode it. The work wasn’t easy, but I think now one good plunging and you’ll be all clear.”

Avery’s eyes popped open wide, “Oh really?”

She took a step to the corner next to the shower and picked up the plunger there.

He nodded, “Go ahead.”

She waited for him to take a step back, pulled the toilet seat up, and went to work. She pulled and pushed, trying her hardest to grip the wooden handle. But it didn’t feel any different than when she had tried the same that morning. The water still made that suction slapping noise, and her hands started to hurt.

“Wait,” Derrick said, putting a hand on her shoulder, another hand touched her waist, and another touched her other shoulder, “move aside, This might need a strong hand.”

She let herself be moved, but she couldn’t help but stare at him in disbelief. Why even ask her to try if he was just going to shove her aside as soon as he could?

Derrick took a deep breath, grabbed the plunger, and then made a hard press in, before pulling back out. There was actually a slight whine from the floor beneath the toilet. Fair enough, even if she didn’t like the way he was acting, that was impressive plunger-work.

He kept going at it, then finally stopped, turned to Avery, and held the plunger out.

“Here, hold this for a moment.”

She took the plunger. She was at the point that she just wanted this to end, and to have her toilet back.

Derrick turned the water back on, then gave it a flush.

The bowl started to fill.

Derrick coughed into his balled up fist.

“Okay,” he said with a nod, before leaning back down and stopping the water flow, “t-that didn’t work. I’m going to have to open it up.”

Avery couldn’t help but let out a long sigh and squeeze her thighs. At this point she was sure it would be easier to leave Derrick locked in her apartment, and start her walk down the block.

Derrick walked in front of her, and she looked up into his hair. She could catch a peek of his eyes back there, looking down on her. He put his hands on her again. It wasn’t just a comforting hand on the arm, he was holding her arms, shoulders, had a hand on her hip, another touching her hand where it gripped the plunger.

“Sorry,” he said, “I’ll fix it, okay?”

How important was this to him? She already had him helping to fix the wall he destroyed the first day they met, did he see this problem differently?

“Of course,” Avery said with a nod, “I know you will.”

He looked away, and took the plunger from her hands.

He stood tall, then when he looked back at her again he had that odd confidence back on his face, “I mean, no need to get your hands dirty. Leave it to me, Avery.”

It was… cute. But also stunted, like he was reading a script. She took a step back, and watched as he went to his tablet and started to read through different notes he had there. Any hope she had that Derrick had previous experience working with plumbing were long gone, but now she was worried how much he knew about handiwork at all.

Maybe it was her fault for assuming spiders would be good at building.

“I can go for a little bit, if you want,” Avery said, trying to find an excuse to step out for a minute, “you can fix it, and I’ll be back to see your work.”

He whipped around, “No! I mean, I wouldn’t want to have to wait to ask you if I had to do anything major.”

Major? Her heart skipped a beat.

“Plus,” he shrugged, “looking here, this will be short. It says twenty minutes tops.”

Twenty minutes was no time at all. She let out a long breath, and went over to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water. The apartment was getting warm, and if she was going to be stuck there, she had to at least be hydrated.

“Okay,” She said, “but, get it done right.”

“Understood.”

She sat down on the couch. At first Derrick was standing around, but then he started to pull out bigger tools, and she could see him looking for proper angles to get at the pipes on the toilet. She turned herself toward the TV, and took a cool drink of water.

It felt stupid, considering her situation, but it was either that or melt before her toilet was fixed. Besides, even with the growing pressure that was turning into a pain in her lower stomach, she was sure she could last twenty minutes. This was important to Derrick.

Still, she found it hard to concentrate on anything she watched. The pressure was getting to her, and no matter what plot was developing on the crime drama in front of her, she found herself shifting on the couch and fighting to get comfortable enough to ignore her bladder.

“Curses!” Derrick growled. The unnatural clicking that followed made Avery turn toward the bathroom. Derrick was flexing his muscles against a large wrench as if he was trying to snap it in half. His sharp teeth were showing, his jaw chattering. Then he noticed her gaze, and relaxed. He turned away from the doorway, and crawled beneath the toilet.

Avery went back to the TV. This episode was ending. How much time had it been so far? She squeezed her thighs, and tried not to count. She looked at her phone against her own will, made a mental note of the time, 2:25. When did he start? No, that wasn’t important.

The next show started, and Avery went to take another swig of water. The bottle was empty, she didn’t want to think about how long that would take to sit on her bladder. Another dozen ounces or so putting pressure on her.

Still, the room was toasty. Avery fought the urge for another bottle of water, and fanned herself instead. Her dress felt clingy, especially around her collar and thighs. There was that annoying sense of moisture that no one wanted when they were actively avoiding adding a vast amount more moisture to their problems.

The show, she needed to concentrate. Someone was kidnapped, and being held hostage. But for some reason the guy being held was staying put, despite there being no rope or handcuffs on him. She couldn’t remember what happened earlier, was his family in danger?

“Avery,” Derrick said.

Her attention snapped to him, a spark of hope in her chest.

“Can you grab me a water?”

Her hopes were dashed. She looked at her phone, 2:45. He was already taking too long wasn’t he? No wonder she felt so uncomfortable. At best, he had mere minutes to meet his deadline.

“Sure,” she said as she stood up. Then she froze in place. Standing was a bad idea. Her bladder spasmed, and she had to fight not to throw a hand between her legs. All that time sitting down, she didn’t realize exactly how bad she had to go. Her legs locked together, and for a moment she just stood and squeezed, closing her eyes as she focused on the pressure.

Then the emergency subsided, and it was the normal mounting urge. She sighed, and walked to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water for Derrick, and one for herself.

She walked back to the doorway and looked inside. She suppressed a gasp. He was actually making a lot of progress. Avery tried hard to ignore what he was doing, she missed a lot of what he was actually accomplishing.

For one, there was a webbing mat on the floor. She had to imagine that was because he was laying on his back under the toilet, and didn’t want to end up soaked. How she missed him actually laying a layer of webbing, she didn’t know.

The pipe at the u-bend was removed, and lying to the side, with some sort of tool sitting beside it. Derrick was peering into the pipe itself, several arms holding different pieces, tools, and the tablet. His shirt was sweat-ridden and tight to his chest.

This also gave her another nice view. With his knees up, she could see up his...utilikilt. Not all the way, shadows obscured the best part. Though she had to wonder, did he have underwear on under there? He had to right?

She took a step closer, and leaned to the side, squinting as she tried to see just a little deeper. That outline, it was right there, bare as the day he was born, she had to imagine.

Her brain told her there was no way she could feel excitement while she was walking on eggshells due to the cracking dam inside her, but that didn’t stop the warmth spreading in her lower stomach. The fact that the two problems weren’t mutually exclusive was a little embarrassing.

“Derrick,” she said as she walked forward, the water held out for him. He moved to the side of the toilet and sat up. She looked down at him, “how is it going?”

He stood up, “a lot better,” he took the water and cracked it open. Watching him pour it into his mouth made her shift her hips. “there was a moment where I wasn’t making any progress, but I’m getting there. I would give it another 25 minutes, tops.”

“Twenty-five?” Avery gasped, then regretted it, “but you…”

She cut herself off. The outburst took a lot of the strength out of Derrick’s shoulders, he looked like he was sinking with every syllable. She checked herself, squeezing her muscles down below, and the reply was not positive. Her muscles felt tired, and the beads of sweat trailing down body were a terrible reminder of what she feared would happen any minute.

“Okay,” Avery said, then bit her lip as another wave of pressure hit her.

Derrick shuffled in place, then one of his hands ran a finger down her cheek.

“You have no idea how delicious you look when you bite that lip,” he said.

Avery’s heart thumped. Was he coming on to her, now? A line that cheesy was bad enough, but she felt like she could explode. It wasn’t the time. He sounded like a romance novel, a sickening one at that.

Their eyes met, for the most part, and then he turned back to the toilet, “but first, I’ll finish what I started.”

“Derrick,” Avery stopped him before he could even kneel.

He turned to look at her over his shoulder, “Yeah?”

“Have you been reading romance novels?”

He snapped back around, “What? No, of course not,” he said while his arms flailed into as many different ‘no’ signs as Avery was aware of, “never. I mean, not never, but I haven’t.”

Derrick turned around, and went down to his knees. His head drooped down, “What gave me away?”

“Besides you sounding like Fabio practicing his lines?” she said.

He laid down and went back on his back. He didn’t say or do anything, just laid there, looking up the pipe.

“I mean, why are you repeating book lines?” she asked, trying not to visibly shift too much.

He went back to work as he answered, “I guess I just, I’m not as impressive or interesting as the others. I don’t mean to tell you how to feel about them, or tell you how they feel about you, or any combination of predictive statements, but I wanted an advantage.”

His advantage was, terrible romance novel dialog? Avery couldn’t help but think that wasn’t the best plan. Then again, it was pretty cute. Even if she wanted to punch him in the arm a few times, he went out of his way to try.

“Well,” Avery said, “I wouldn’t have called you up here if I didn’t like Derrick Hunt. Fabio can get in line.”

He stopped working and looked up at her.

She smiled, then grabbed the front collar of her dress and fanned herself for a moment.

“It’s hot in here,” She said, “hurry up and finish, and no more one liners.”

“Yes ma’am,” Derrick said.

She went to sit back down, and cursed the motion of bending over as soon as she took it. Her whole body was protesting. But it felt so much better when she finally did sit. At least for a moment. The time was 2:55, and she didn’t know if she had another ten minutes in her. She would have to, especially since she didn’t know if Derrick could get the whole mess back together in less time than that.

She went back to the TV. It was the conclusion now, everyone was in a room yelling, a lawyer was present. Whatever had brought them to that point, she missed it all. She put a hand between her thighs and squeezed against it, pressing in with it as hard as she could. It didn’t seem to let her relax any, but the hold itself felt like one more barrier.

Her thighs were flexing and relaxing, her waist shifting forward and back against the cushion. She wanted to sit on her heel, but at that point how would Derrick not ask questions? She was a grown woman, she would do what it took to hold it. That was all there was to it.

Especially after Derrick admitted he liked her, after their previous episode being a bit of a fluke She couldn’t humiliate herself in front of him.

“Derrick,” Avery said after fighting a groan of pain, “we finishing up?”

He stopped working, “Oh, yeah I’m putting everything back now. Five minutes.”

She didn’t respond, she was too busy biting her lip and trying to hold back a crashing tide. It was starting to feel like any moment would be the end, her muscles were weakening, her hand feeling wet from the sweat collecting on her inner thighs.

She didn’t want to think about the last time she wet herself. Her whole adult life, she had near misses. Her bladder wasn’t the largest. Still, she balanced that with constant bathroom visits, and avoiding idiotic situations like this. Even when she did get into trouble, she typically could find some public restroom to use.

Now there wasn’t enough time, she was going to find relief any second, she just knew it. The question was whether it was going to be in her bathroom, or on her couch.

There was a drop. It was a sensation that sent a shiver up her spine. She couldn’t tell if it was just a large sweat drop, or the beginning of the end.

“Derrick,” she said with a hint of panic she couldn’t avoid.

“Okay, okay,” he said with a note of finality.

“Finally!” Avery said as she got up from the couch.

Why didn’t she learn her lesson, standing was not smart. The pressure resettled, and she went from on the verge, to well over the edge. Avery’s thighs locked together, and she bunched her dress between her legs as she held her breath and squeezed with all of her might.

A squirt escaped, and Avery’s eyes popped open in shock. Another followed, and she looked to the bathroom. She had to hurry, she needed to move.

Derrick was standing, but his tools were still everywhere. It didn’t matter though, the toilet looked intact, and that was the important part. She moved toward it as fast as she could.

“Are you okay?” Derrick asked, standing in the doorway, “you look like you’re going to be sick.”

Avery violently shook her head, stopping for a brief moment, “I just need to go.”

Derrick frowned, “Oh, well…”

“What?” Avery barked.

He looked away, “I mean, I thought I was finished, but it looks like it is still obstructed.”

Avery’s stomach sank, and her bladder pinged.

Her back arched forward, but she kept her hands at her sides. She was going to get through this with some dignity.

“What?” she bit her lip as she spoke, every word tracking the incoming tsunami, “but you said…”

“I was going to apologize,” he said, “are you sure you’re okay?”

Avery nodded, looking at the toilet seat just a few steps away.

“I’m-” she squeezed her hands at her sides, the hiss of a second and a half long jet of piss striking her panties filled the forced silence, “-fine.”

It splattered as it hit the ground, and Avery’s face went beet red.

Derrick stepped out of her way without a word.

“Fuck it,” she said, running toward the toilet as she reached beneath her dress for her panties.

One of her legs stopped in place, a step away from the seat. She looked down, her dress pulled up to her stomach, a quarter sized dark spot against the cute red underwear. Her foot was stuck on the mat, Derrick’s mat. She jiggled her other foot, and realized it was the same.

“Derrick!” she shrieked as she struggled, her dress still held at waist level. Another jet came, this one longer, so strong it didn’t seem impeded by her panties at all. The streak of urine splashed against her leg as it released.

“No!” Avery squeaked.

“Oh no,” Derrick said as he rushed to her side, “I’ll get you out.”

Tears were in her eyes as the dam burst. She spread her knees and bent forward in some vain attempt to minimize the mess. It was no help. No longer strong jets, she unleashed a spray. All the water she drank splaying out over the mat, her legs, her shoes, the edges of her dress. Her panties went dark, soaked to the waistband as more and more pee spilled out of her defeated bladder.

A moan of relief escaped her lips, her thighs trembling, as she covered the mat with her voided contents. The heat from it all was impossible to ignore, her legs coated in her golden liquid.

When the last drops slid from her lower lips, her hips shook involuntarily. She realized her eyes were closed.

She turned and looked behind her, Derrick was standing there in shock.

Stinging tears built up, and Avery sniffled. This was terrible, everything she tried to avoid. It wasn’t just an accident, she didn’t have to pee in some alley or hide a mess that happened behind closed doors. She peed everywhere, right in front of him. The tears leaked in kind, and Avery let out a gross sob.

“Oh no, this is terrible,” Derrick said, running past her to the toilet, “I’m so sorry, I’m such an idiot, a giant fucking idiot. Here.”

She looked up and saw he had a wad of toilet paper in his hands.

“What good will that do!” she sobbed.

Derrick came closer as she cried, “I’m so sorry Avery, this is all my fault. I didn’t think. Just get cleaned up, and I’ll forget this ever happened. It doesn’t matter.”

She covered her face and tried to stop the tears, but they kept coming.

He didn’t speak for a moment, then he let out a sigh.

“Then I’ll do it.”

She felt a hand on her dress. Then, she felt the paper towel against her inner thighs, sliding upward. It wiped once, twice, and then at once another paper towel went up the other leg.

Avery removed her hands long enough to slap at his arms, swinging wildly to get any of them she could. “Stop! Haven’t you done enough?!”

Then she saw it. Looking down at where his hands settled, there was a noticeable bulge tenting out the front of his kilt.

“Are…” Avery felt a heat across her whole chest, “Is this turning you on? Do you get off on watching me humiliate myself Derrick?”

“No,” Derrick said shaking his head, a few hands swinging in the air, “no, no, It just happened.”

“Did you think maybe you would trap me here, and then try to paralyze me again?” Avery shouted, “are you some kind of freak?”

He looked down, his head still shaking, “No, I just… please, I want to help Avery.”

She didn’t know what to think, which only made her angry. All that heat she felt before, now it was back as rage, and she didn’t want to feel that. Still, she needed something, even if it was him gone.

“Derrick…” she said between gritted teeth.

“No,” he said, his hands all twisting over each other.

“Maybe you should go.”

“No!” he shouted.

Avery closed her eyes in frustration. Then she felt a pair of arms grab her, and when she opened her eyes again, a giant spider was in front of her. He was squeezed into the room, his torso on the wall above the toilet. He lifted Avery into the air, and she squeaked in surprise as he started to thrust her this way and that.

His jaw had split again, and that clicking was echoing against the ceramics. It was terrifying, but at once so fascinating. There was a moment there, just one, where she didn’t know if he would just bite her on the spot. Then she started to spin.

He was webbing her up again, but this time she wasn’t being knocked out. It was nauseating, the rapid spins, but her arms were soon wrapped to her sides, her shoulders hidden beneath the cocoon of webbing, her soaked dress snug against her body.

Except, unlike last time, this time her head was covered as well. She gasped as the world went white. She tried to yell, but all she could do was let out muffled grumbles. The spinning stopped, and she felt herself, upside down, moving toward her living room.

Then she was shoved against the wall, her back sticking there. Her legs were still free, and they fell forward from gravity.

“I’m sorry,” she heard Derrick saying through the webbing, “I didn’t want to do this, but I have to make it right.”

She didn’t know what he meant at this point, and honestly, she was worried. She thought about Ivan’s warning. Grabbing her mid conversation looked a lot like losing control.

Then, she felt his hands on her panties. She shrieked and squirmed, but with her whole upper body wrapped up like a mummy, she couldn’t stop them from being pulled away.

A warm wet touch went to her inner thigh, and then another near her ankle, another on the opposite thigh. Avery realized they were towels, wet with sink water, sliding over every bit of her legs.

Again she tried to struggle, but it was no use.

“I don’t want to do this,” he said, “I’m not a freak, okay. I just want to apologize.”

A towel went to her lower lips, and wiped away her accident in slow tender strokes.

She kept fighting, even as the warm sensation in her gut built up. She tried to ignore the soft touch of his hands as they checked how clean her exposed legs were after they cleaned. She tried not to moan as he made sweeping circles with the warm towel to her womanhood.

She pressed in with her thighs, and fought against him, but it was no use. She let out a soft moan, and Derrick stopped in place.

She grumbled loudly, but he didn’t do anything, just left her hanging upside down.

Then she felt his fingers pull her lips apart. Was he looking into her? It was humiliating just thinking about it. This wasn’t going to help get her clean, what was he doing?

He stepped closer. So close that the warmth of his body pressed against her web-covered face. She could almost swear she smelled a manly musk through the white silk.

Then she gasped as his tongue ran along her pussy lips.

She mumbled against the cocoon, “Wait, stop!”

He licked along the other side, and ran his tongue up her thigh before returning to center. His mouth covered her, sucking softly. Then his lips locked to hers, his tongue circling against her little button. It drove away her last bits of resistance, dredged up all the tension that had built up through her weird day.

She couldn’t help herself, she moaned again as the pleasure mounted. Her thighs squeezed against his head.

He pulled himself free, and she grumbled as loud as she could. A hard appendage sliced at the webbing until her mouth was free.

Avery took in a deep breath, “Derrick, no! I just pissed myself, that’s gross.”

He pressed against her again, and this time she was sure. The crotch of his kilt was against her nose and mouth.

“I cleaned you,” he said, “relax, I’m trying to fix what I did.”

He sucked at her little button again, his lowest hands rubbing at her sides through the webbing, his other arms massaging her legs and squeezing her butt.

It was unfair. She couldn’t fight, her whole body was screaming that it was wrong, gross, she needed to be ashamed. But his tongue drove that away as it slid into her, stroked her from within, ran rhythmic patterns against her.

She was trembling, her mouth squeezed shut, her hands squeezed under the webbing.

“Derrick,” she whispered.

He didn’t hear. He ran the flat of his tongue hard against her, again and again.

“Derrick,” she whined, the musk getting to her. She bit out, catching the cloth covering his bulge in her lips and trying as best she could to move it out of the way.

He stopped. The moment without attention was enough to make her start wiggling her hips. She felt like a beast in heat, craving attention, craving him.

He lifted his kilt, and she could smell that his manhood was exposed to the air. She couldn’t see it, but it confirmed what she expected, going commando.

“Do you need this too?” Derrick asked.

He moved his hips forward, and she was panting with her mouth open as his swollen tip bumped against her lips. She struggled to find the right angle, to let it slip inside. She greedily ran her tongue over every new inch as it entered her, then cleaned it again as it slid out. She could feel his every twitch and reaction as he started to thrust, the pure pleasure made her pubic muscles squeeze and release.

His hands were everywhere, touching exposed flesh and kneading cocooned flesh, guiding his expanding excitement into her mouth and teasing her clit as he bit at her thigh.

She couldn’t ignore him, couldn’t escape the wall of pleasure he pressed against her. It was building, growing, expanding to something she couldn’t contain. Like before she was afraid of release and the relief it would bring, but for a whole different reason.

What would this mean? Did she want the rapture that came from her pissing herself? Could she even stop herself?

The choice was beyond her. Derrick’s thrusts became harder, struck deeper, while his tongue dove as deep as he could.

Avery’s body answered for her, her toes curling, her thighs trapping Derrick against her. She started to move her head in rapid bobs, the excitement overtaking her.

Derrick groaned, “Oh, wow, oh,” and she could feel that he was at his peak as well. He grew inside her, before the first hot globs burst into her throat. His groans of absolute pleasure just reinforced her own euphoria. Her back arched forward, she moaned into his manhood, her thighs twitched.

Then they were finished, both panting in her living room.

“I’m sorry,” Derrick said as he parted with her for a moment. He came back, another towel cleaning her lower lips again, then dabbing at the corners of her mouth where she couldn’t catch some of his escaping seed.

“Don’t be,” Avery said, “my fault as much as yours. Still, at least you made up for it.”

He chuckled, “Well, not quite yet. I estimate it will take me another… well to be safe why don’t I just say an hour.”

He stepped away from her, and she could hear him messing with his tools.

“Maybe you were right,” he said, low, “I did sort of enjoy watching that.”

She chuckled, and Derrick chuckled in kind. She heard the distant sound of his tool clinking against the pipes again.

“Wait,” She said, struggling against her webbing, “wait, Derrick. Let me down!”

She kicked her legs, trying not to think how she looked with her naked ass in the air, glistening from her own sweat and his fresh cleaning job.

“Derrick!” She shouted, “I need to pee again! Derrick, let me down!”
