The Wife Who Had To Hold It

Author: FullBladder85

*008*2017-03-02 00:45

{{On 2/12/2017 at 10:21 AM, wedgeantilles said:

I realy like this story very much and hope there will be another chapter!

That 3 days without peeing is unrealistic goes without saying, that doesn't bother me.

But I'd prefer if the next day will be the last one, she is desperate now. And next evening she should definitly no longer be able to hold her pee. Let her be forced to use the urinal and let the husband witness it!

}}

I know that part is unrealistic yes, I wrote the story originally for people at a board who love extreme desperation, even if it might pass into not realistic territory. That's why my story contains a whole lot of extreme desperation, and will continue to in the remainder of the story.

That said, I understand my story might not be for everyone who's an Omorashi fan. I posted it here to see if a more general audience would like it or not, and because it's one of the first stories I've ever written and posted anywhere, so I'm sure some feedback I get will help me become a better writer.

That said, my apologizes everyone, I had been meaning to post the next parts of the story here sooner, but hadn't gotten around to it until now.

Warning: The next parts (which include the finale) total over 14,000 words and 20+ pages, so it's not a quick read if you want to get through it all at once. Also parts 3 and 4 were originally one part, but I felt they were getting too large to read in one sitting, so I split them into two separate parts.

=====

(The Wife Who Had To Hold It, Part #3)

Today I woke up determined to see my prideful wife Kate finally hit the limits of her iron bladder. I had dreamed all night of successfully pulling off the plan I had gotten yesterday, but my dream turned into a bit of a rude awakening when our alarm went off at 7 AM. I woke up to strong signals from my bladder of really needing a piss, and gripped my cock in desperation as I remembered it had been 24 hours now since I had last peed.

I was very tempted to go to the urinal for a well needed morning piss as thoughts of my plan left my mind. I nearly forgot that if I took a morning piss today that it would have been my 3rd pee since Kate had last peed, which would have allowed Kate to take a much needed morning pee herself. But then I glanced to my side at my lovely wife Kate, and saw her gripping her crotch and squirming as the need for a morning piss also hit her bladder extra hard after just waking up. I did some quick math, and realized Kate had gone for 82 hours, nearly 3 and a half days, without peeing a drop.

My bladder settled down after a minute, and I continued to silently watch Kate squirm across from me in bed as desperate spasms continued to jolt her bladder. Kate knew I was watching her, but she was desperate enough after just waking up to not care about the injury to her pride that her squirming might cause. Just continuing to hold back her 82 hours worth of piss was enough for her pride now, there was no need in her mind to not fidget around when it was just her and me in the house. Kate's rock hard bladder bulge looked even bigger than it had last night while we were having sex. Tempted though I was to gently touch it like I had last night, I didn't dare, especially while Kate was squirming around so much already. Besides, I wanted Kate to last as long as she could today, so I could finally see her limits if that was possible.

After a few minutes when Kate's bladder had finally calmed down enough for her to stop squirming she looked over at me watching her. "Enjoying the show Karl" she asked in a neutral voice, I blushed. "I know you've gotta go badly to this morning Karl, I saw you gripping your cock".

"No Kate, I'm still good" I lied. "Your husband is a strong man who can tell his bladder that hasn't gone in 24 hours to keep waiting as long as he wants it to" I said. I deliberately repeated much of what Kate often told me about being a strong wife who could always wait longer. My bladder was saying otherwise, though I was sure I could at least wait another couple of hours.

Kate rolled her eyes at my mock pride and my imitation of her. "Ah-huh" said Kate as she ran a hand through her hair. "I'll believe that when I see you go 82 hours without a leak, and see a big thing like this around your navel area" said Kate pointing to her rock hard bladder bulge.

Together we walked to our kitchen for breakfast. Like yesterday Kate prepared the food, while I set the table and got out a 3 liter pitcher of spring water and poured a large glass for each of us. Me and Kate ate and drank our 3 large glasses of water in mostly peace and quiet, though we were both squirming around in desperation in our seats while we could before work.

Towards the end of our meal though Kate did strike up a conversation. "You really have gotten much stronger Karl" she said. "You really aren't going to rush off to take a morning piss before work like you've always done before after over 24 hours of holding it, are you?".

I smiled at Kate's compliment, and wondered in the back of my mind if it was a sign of how close Kate knew she was getting to losing it if she had to go work with her bladder this full. I hoped not, because I almost certainly wouldn't be there to witness it with us both driving to separate work locations today. "Yes Kate, I've gotten strong enough to go without a morning piss" I told her. "I'm going to try to last all day at work today, just like you always do the rare times I take my 3rd piss at work. If you can do it then I should be able to as well".

Kate twisted her long hair around in one finger, I thought I saw a hint of disappointment in her eyes, though maybe that was my imagination. "Well good then, I'm always proud to see you focusing on getting a bigger stronger bladder like mine, to help us conserve more water" Kate said. But she said it without as much enthusiasm as she normally would have, probably because of the state of her bursting bladder.

"Kate, if it's too much for you, you can always use the urinal" I reminded her, guessing that the fuel for Kate's disappointment was doubt in herself and her own abilities to keep holding it back.

Kate reacted just as I expected to the suggestion, she got a fire burning in her eyes, and a ticked off look on her face. "How many times do I have to tell you no to that Karl!" Kate half screamed at me. "I'm a proper lady Karl, and ladies don't use urinals. Ladies don't know how to use urinals. And this lady is strong enough to last an entire workday without a bathroom break, even if she hasn't had one in..." Kate glanced at the clock, it read 7:45 AM. "Even if she hasn't had a piss in nearly 83 hours already" Kate concluded.

While I apologized to Kate for doubting her and angering her, I was grinning in my head. Kate had reacted exactly as I had expected her to. I knew Kate's pride couldn't stand the thought of giving up our challenge and using the urinal no matter how bad she needed it. Kate's pride would never live down such a big moment of weakness. Kate often felt the mere suggestion that she might have to give in and use the urinal was an affront to her pride about her iron bladder. I also knew that by reinforcing Kate's pride with such a suggestion, Kate would probably be much more hesitant than she already was to use a public toilet at work. When Kate felt I was questioning her pride and iron bladder, she always wanted to hold it in long enough to prove me wrong. I wanted to motivate Kate to want to hold it all through work and arrive home with a still unrelieved bladder just to show me that she could still do it despite so many days without a piss already.

At 8 AM after breakfast me and Kate went to our bedroom to get dressed. Since I was going out in the field today where my clothing could easily get dirty, I chose appropriate clothing for it, jeans and a tee shirt with our company's name & logo on it. Despite my bladder not having been relieved in 25 hours now, the outfit was loose fitting, so it didn't push down at all over the bulge my bladder had formed.

Kate however wasn't that fortunate with meeting her important client in an office setting. Kate had to look her best, and wear her best clothing, even if they weren't comfortable to wear with the state of her bladder. So Kate grabbed her usual women's pants suit, which while comfortable with an empty bladder, was sure to be even tighter than yesterday for poor Kate.

When Kate got around to pulling her pants on she had to ask for my help, since she couldn't get the zipper more than halfway up with the size of her rock hard bladder bulge. All of the pants for Kate's women's pants suits were the same size, so switching to a different pair to address this problem wasn't an option for poor Kate. Because Kate wasn't a fan of skirts or dresses she didn't have any of those to wear instead of the tight pants suit either.

Kate grunted when I pulled the zipper all the way up, and helped her slip the buttons at the top of her pants on to keep the zipper in place. Kate had to nearly double over in desperation for a moment as her tight pants caused new spasms to rack her desperate bladder. I smiled at Kate, amazed that my prideful wife was able to handle all the extra pressure being applied to her bladder by her tight pants.

Kate put her tight belt on by herself and snapped the buckle shut just as tight as it was yesterday, though today that was even tighter with how much Kate's rock hard bladder bulge had grown. Kate let out a gasp as the added pressure from the belt hit her bladder, she gripped her crotch with both hands while her legs squirmed in desperation for a moment. And yet after a minute of getting used to the added pressure, my prideful Kate remained surprisingly strong despite strapping herself into this hellishly uncomfortable outfit.

Kate did make things easier on herself than yesterday in one way however. She skipped her usual high heel shoes, and put on a more comfortable pair of fashion boots, which was what Kate often wore on her feet on days off from work. Under normal circumstances I would have probably tried to use Kate's pride to challenge her to wear the more difficult high heels, but since she seemed to be struggling enough already after 83 hours without a toilet I let it slide. Besides, the boots looked fancy enough to wear in a more formal occasion without anyone thinking it unusual.

After dressing herself Kate walked over to the mirror in the bathroom, and began to comb her hair and put some makeup on. The urinal and toilet bowl were both to Kate's side to tempt her nearly bursting bladder, but Kate merely crossed her legs and tried to focus on her hair and makeup. I wasn't even in the bathroom and the urinal was tempting to me, but I knew I had to wait for the sake of my plans.

Kate glanced to her side and saw me standing outside the doorway, watching her squirm her legs around. "Don't you need to get going to see your client in the field" Kate asked me.

"Not yet" I answered, "the place I'm going should be roughly 15 minutes closer then the office according to Google maps, so I have some spare time to kill watching you".

Kate turned back to the mirror and continued to finish applying her makeup. "I know you're doubting me Karl" she said coyly, "I see it in your eyes".

Kate was half right, in truth my mind wasn't made up. Part of me thought Kate was already struggling too much to even last to the end of work. But another part of me knew whenever I was certain I was pushing Kate and her bladder to her limits before she had always held on just a bit longer until she could finally use the toilet and pee a gusher.

"Well maybe I think I've finally got you pushed nearly to your limits already today after 83 hours" I said. "You've been squirming around a lot this morning, and we both know your clothes are really tight on your rock hard bulging bladder Kate".

"That's because it's only you seeing me, and I won't be able to squirm in the office" replied Kate. "But don't you worry Karl, my iron bladder is still just as unbreakable as the day we met".

"Well maybe you'll have to convince me Kate" I replied playfully, "seeing is believing, and I've never seen you last nearly 4 days without a piss".

"Then I'll make you a believer Karl and return from work still holding it in all day, even though you should already know better" replied Kate with fire in her voice and eyes. "Besides" she added casually, "you should know that even if you peed in the urinal right now, your wife would still hold it and go to work unrelieved".

"Why would you do that?" I asked Kate. "Are you trying one last desperate ploy to get me to take my third piss so you can pee before work, I never thought you'd have to resort to trickery to avoid losing it Kate".

Kate almost snorted in disbelief at my accusation, "look at the time Karl" she said as she finished her makeup and went to work on her hair. "I wouldn't have time to pee before work with my bladder this full already after over 83 hours of holding it in. I can't be late on today of all days, it would make our company look pretty bad". I glanced at the time, and realized Kate was right, there was no way she could fully empty her bladder and still get to work in time. And Kate obviously wasn't one for taking a partial piss, especially since a partial piss would still count as a whole piss under our rules. Kate had no choice but to wait now no matter what her bladder told her, I smiled in my mind.

Kate soon finished doing her hair, and then still squirming around a lot rushed to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water for the drive in. Kate kissed me goodbye, hopped into her car, and started to drive to work. I locked the house up, and went to the field location I visiting today, feeling very hopeful from the confidence in Kate that she would make it to the evening when my real plans would begin.

