Living in a junkyard

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2026-01-31 08:51

Maitoe picked up a rusty pipe and began attaching it to the tank. The sun is a real scorcher today. Maitoe was hammering and sanding and hammering some more to get the pipe to fit securely. When Liceflea asked Maitoe what he's building, Maitoe simply replied, "the junkyard needs one of these. I'm sick and tired of burying my nasties."

Liceflea and Maitoe are well area of the area of the junkyard none of them are to walk near. It's a soft bubbling ground of ten years of burying their nasty garments when it happens. Liceflea, being less learned, asked "what is it?"

Maitoe looking closely at Liceflea squinted at the young woman, with all the chains and neck flairs, extra tall mohawk that tufts slightly whenever there is a breeze which is rare and goes back to hammering. The pipe is then given into the ground, which has a long open ditch about five feet down to a giant city sewer pipe. Maitoe jams the tank with the pipe upwards and down into the ditch to connect to the sewer pipe which he had already cut an opening to. The object fit nice and firm. Maitoe let out a deep breath lifting the heavy thing on his own while Liceflea just stood there watching. Maitoe finally exhaled and exclaimed, "look, with this thing, after I install the cock and ball to the lever and the floater, down to the valve and release plug, we will be able to swish it down to the sewers and it will all flow out to the reservoir!"

Liceflea looked stunned and amazed. She was still confused but understood to a small degree. After staring at Maitoe building the apparatus, she asked "what do you call it?"

Maitoe shook his head like he heard the dumbest question ever asked. After a long pause he said, "you pull your shanties down, fill up this basin and then you will pull a lever and it will suck it all down into the sewer... I shall name it, 'the glory hole!"

Liceflea stared in amazement. After five minutes of silence she said, "I don't get it."

