Bath Time

Author: fullride

*000*2021-10-28 22:36

This story was inspired by the very first entry in the “Most extreme omorashi fantasies” thread; thank you, wetbynoon2! This started out as an entry there, but got so long that I thought it should move to the fiction forum... hope you enjoy!

My wife / my Dom and I have separate baths; I am not allowed in Hers without explicit permission. I am always up long before She is and this morning, I've already had three cups of coffee. I don't know about you all, but coffee for me is the most magical drink in the world: It not only wakes and fills me up but also makes me horny as hell; a wonderful aphrodisiac.

It also seems to process thru the kidneys faster than almost anything else so I'm already starting to feel the sweet pressure when She sashays downstairs dressed provocatively in a see-thru baby-doll with lacy bra and panties underneath.

“Good morning, my sweet boy” She coos. I can tell something special is up (besides my pole). She takes the guitar I've been noodling on away from me, sets it on its stand, straddles me in the chair and presses her belly into my pleasantly full bladder. She leans in, licks my ear then whispers seductively, “It's bath time; follow me.”

To the ends of the earth I would, but today, it's up the staircase with her sweet full ass swinging back and forth in front of my face as She mounts the stairs. We stop in front of the door to Her bath. “Disrobe then open it” She commands. I've never stripped faster, then swung the door open.

What greeted me was thoroughly exciting... and menacing. Soft music was quietly playing. The shades had been drawn, the only light coming from the many lit candles that surrounded Her tub. Several were aroma candles that filled the air with their sweetness. However, there was a pervasive, extremely strong, pungent odor underneath.

“May I enter?” knowing I must ask permission. “Yes, you may. Close the door behind you then walk to the tub.” A little tremor ran thru me as I shut the door; I felt like I was cutting off my escape route.

“What do you see?” The tub was filled about 6-8" deep with Her bright yellow nectar! Hence, the incredibly pungent undertone. There was a small, submersible heater on the bottom. “Test the temperature. I want my sweet boy comfortable in his bath; you're going to be in there a looong time. Is it OK?” I dip my finger in.... it's very warm, above body temperature. “It feels just right, Ma'am.”

“Good. I've been preparing your bath all week, saving every drop of My nectar for you. Won't it be nice to be completely submersed in me?” The thought was incredibly exciting and my bouncing dick nodded its approval. But, “Yes, Ma'am” was all I said.

However, standing next to the tub was something that filled me with dread: An IV pole with an empty, clear plastic bag hanging from it with a long, clear plastic tube attached to the bottom. The tube had a closed flow control valve near the top.

“Good. Let's get started. Hands behind your back, please” She said brightly. She went to a drawer in Her vanity and produced a pair of handcuffs. Whoa! We are definitely entering new waters (no pun intended) here! She slipped behind me and snapped them on, then pressed and rubbed the length of her body into my back; I could feel her taut nipples brushing my skin. Then She reached around with both hands and palpated my bladder. I was still filling from the coffee, but was only at 3-4 on the scale. Her probing fingers sent shivers of electricity thru me.

“Mmmm... there seems to be plenty of room left” She whispered softly in my ear. “Climb in.” I step into the tub and lower myself down. It is quite warm and takes some getting used to. “Lie down” She commands. I lower myself until Her fluids lap at my neck, just under my chin. My stomach and bladder are now covered, and with my head just above the surface, the aroma is overpowering and unbelievably erotic; my flag pole is completely raised, poking above the surface.

“I see you're enjoying my bath... I'm so glad!” She ran a finger lightly up and down both sides of my shaft, lubricating it with my pre-cum. She then rummaged in the same vanity drawer and returned with a ball gag with a hole through it...!!

“So here's how the day will go...” She fitted the end of the tube through the hole so that approx. two inches protruded from the other side; I'm getting very nervous as She held it in front of my eyes. “This of course, goes in your mouth and fastens from behind. There's enough hose protruding into your mouth that you will not be able to work it out with your tongue and of course you're hands are bound. Please tilt your head forward and open wide.” With that She inserts the ball and snugly fastens it, then steps back to admire Her work. “Mmmmmmm...” She purrs. “My absolute control over you and the sweet pain you will suffer for me is making me soooo horny, as I see it is you too.” She slowly strips off Her sopping wet satin panties and holds them under my nose. “Smell my heat.” I inhale deeply; her scent is like a drug that transports me into a zone of total submission.

She then takes the bag off the IV stand, holds it open beneath her and lets a torrent of Her first morning pee; strong, dark and pungent with Her female pheromones fill it at least halfway. She then holds it against my cheek. “Feel my warmth. You will soon feel me both outside and inside. I will fill your every body cavity. You will be totally immersed in Me for as long as you wish.” She hung the bag back high on the pole.

“Your bladder appears to be about ½ inch below the surface of your bath water. Once I open the flow valve, I will flow into you; first your stomach then quickly into your bladder, and likely your bowels; I hope you cleaned yourself out as I previously requested. I will remove the ball and feeding tube only after your bladder distends and expands to be one inch above the surface. Until then, I will also be drinking and filling, but instead of holding, I will periodically return to replenish your fluid intake.” She licked her lips...

“The thought of my relief being the source of your steadily increasing agony is driving me crazy with lust. I hope you don't take too long; I have a special surprise I know you will appreciate waiting for you when you achieve your goal. When that will be is of course completely up to you; the more you drink, the faster you will fill and the quicker we can move on to the next phase. However, your desperation and pain will of course increase exponentially along the way. You have permission to release the agonizing pressure from any orifice you like at any time you wish, but of course that will only add to the depth of your bath, pushing your freedom just that much further out of reach. Shall we begin?”

I am finally starting to recognize the depth of her incredibly sensual cruelty and depravity. She opened the flow valve just a crack so only a tiny trickle started down the tube to my mouth. When it hit my tongue, I was repulsed; so strong, so salty, so bitter! I involuntarily almost spit it out, then realized I must consume it all for any hope of freedom... I swallowed.

“Good boy!” She purred, then adjusted the valve such that I had to swallow about every 5 seconds or be forced to add to the depth of Her hellish bath. “I'm off to have my morning coffee now, lover. I'll check in when I'm ready to release.” She leaned over so our eyes locked together, her magnificent 38Ds, clad only in her satin lace bra, displayed in their full glory just inches from my face. “Enjoy your bath, my sweetheart. I know I will...” She whispered, gently pressed my bladder, brushed her lips on my forehead then walked out shutting the bathroom door behind Her.

To be continued...

