Nidalee (League of Legends) x Male Reader watersports fetish fic

Author: fidusAchates

*000*2019-01-05 06:05

Taking a break from the fields of justice and fighting, you step aside to a small forest clearing, walking back until you're confident you won't get ambushed. The air smells crisp and warm as you walk, with the crunch of autumn leaves echoing beneath your feet. Of course, everyone needs a potty break, even when you're fighting. As you continue to walk, you begin to faintly smell urine. Probably time to go, you guess. You come up to a nice grove of bushes where you get ready to relieve yourself, zipping down your fly and letting your dick hang out. You slowly let out a nice moan as you pee, tinkling all over the bushes.

When you're done, you look up and panic: someone's here. You see a girl not too far away from you. She has tan skin, is slightly above average in stature, and has a single, long, black pony tail. She's too far away to see you, but you can make out a cute face with voluptuous curves in her hips, big tits covered by a fur bra, and a nice round butt. She looks around nervously for a bit, and you withdraw deeper into the bushes in order to hide yourself from her. She's trying to avoid being seen, apparently. She holds her legs together and pouts, clutching her crotch over her skirt. She sprints over toward the bushes from you, her glance still darting about anxiously. It's clear to you at this point that she has to pee. She lightly steps over in front of you, turns around, and squats, lifting up her skirt to giving you a nice view of her cute, squishy round ass.

Staying hidden, you decide just to pervertedly stay directly behind her and watch. Still squatting, she breathes a sigh of relief as she lifts her skirt to let the sweet nectar flow out of her. She starts pissing. Her pee starts flowing down, in a single, clean stream, making a light hissing sound as it flows, and she faintly moans with pleasure as she relieves herself in the bushes. You continue to peer at her nice round buttocks, with a decent view of her nether hole and a brief glimpse of her pussy. She grins widely, clearly enjoying herself. Beads of sweat drip from her forehead, as she looks around nervously, but she still seems to... be enjoying it. The naughty lady is totally enjoying herself thoroughly. Of course, however, you are enjoying the show just as much. Quietly unzipping your pants, and pulling your cock out of your underwear and pulling at it, hoping to see the full show. Yeah, you're totally masturbating to this. Too hot not to.

The trickle of her golden urine amplifies as she puts a little more pressure. Of course, this means full power in pumping your cock. You're raging and close to the edge, and what a better sight to spill your load to? Your eruption approaches, and you go stroke vigorously trying to bust your nut all over the same bushes she's tinkling in front of. In the grass, you can see the pool she's leaving, foamy and warm. It continues to bubble for a solid fifteen more seconds as she finishes tinkling. She shivers, and gives a deep moan of pleasure, and now you lose your load. Your cock erupts with pleasure, spurting out several orgasmic ropes of jizz to squirt all over the leaves, leaving sticky white globs of your spunk everywhere.

Your entire body quivers with orgasmic bliss as you imagine this cutie's piss flowing in your mouth, on your face, on your dick and everywhere in between. Meanwhile in the bushes you've just left your mark in, a few more drops of pee fall as the stream recedes and she gives her butt a quick shake to lose the last few drops, before she stands back up to pull up her shorts. She gets on her knees, and presses her hand into the grass she just marked. She works her hand into the mud she's made from her piddle, and holds it up to her face before taking a deep whiff of her scent, closing her eyes to savor the experience, and loving every second of it. She trembles with delight and moans, before casually just walking off into the distance, still smelling her hand. You can see other handprints of similar sizes fading away in other spots near the bushes. Girl really had to go!

The next day, you wonder if she'll be back- it was obvious she wasn't a first timer there. Around the same time the next day, you approach the same clearing, treading lightly on your feet to avoid being seen by the leopardlike lady. You come to the same bush, and sure enough, the place still reeks of piss. You crouch beneath the bush, waiting for her. And as expected, she comes up, clutching her privates as usual, preparing to take another lovely leak.

Hell, the urge to pee is kindling within you, and your bladder bulges. Covering your junk over your pants, maybe you should take a leak too. Why not join her? To make sure she's ok with this, you do a quick test by pretending you're pissing in this same spot, but being slighlty obvious in it. She meets your glance, and ducks quickly, panicking. A second later, she realizes that you're here for the same reason as her. She awkwardly waves, and you smile and give a "come hither" notion with an inviting gaze and a wink. She nervously comes over.

Nervewracked, she speaks. "h-Hi".

You politely smile and reply, "Hey. I know why you're here. Want to join me? I have to go really fucking badly".

She looks relieved and nonchalantly responds, "Same here. Let's do it."

You unzip, and she comments, "I like to come here pretty often. It's a nice, secluded wooded spot with plenty of bushes and trees to do... uh, naughty stuff in. No one really comes by here very often, so I get really fucking freaky here sometimes. And by sometimes, I mean, uh, like, a lot."

You and your dick both like the sound of that.

She pulls her pants and panties down and pops a squat in the bushes next to you.

You aim your dick at a tree next to the two of you unleash your bladder to let it all out, as a golden stream flows in an arch on the tree. The tinkling sound of your, well, tinkle, fills the air in harmony with the hissing coming from her pussy below you. She opens her shirt a little, peeling it right over one of her small breasts, giving you a nice view of her perky nipple as she pinches it gently, making eye contact with you. Satisfied with the mark you left on the tree, you rotate your cock over to the bushes so you can get a nicer look at what she's been doing right there.

She smirks. "You smell that?"

"Just smells like piss."

She giggles. "Yeah, it's MY fault. I come here every time to, let's say, mark my territory. I love pissing here. I piss all over this little spot like it's my own personal toilet. And it always smells like my piss here. Behind every bush, on every tree, in every mound of dirt. It turns me on so fucking much."

NICE.

You look down at her crotch, and she opens her legs a little more to give you the full view. A tiny, but powerfull waterfall of golden pee streams down from her hot, wet snatch. You guide your dick around the bushes like a gardening hose, trying to wet every single leaf with your scent. The piddle she's making over there has grown into a giant puddle, and begins to slowly seep into your space, and you can feel some if it's warmth touching your shoes. She, on the other hand, has her feet in the middle of her puddle, and her tiny shoes are absolutely soaked, but she doesn't care. In fact, she probably likes it.

Definitely proud of the forest reeking of her piss, her eyes widen and she says, "All mine. Tinkled here every day to the point where the whole place smells like me. I love it."

She shakes her last drops out and looks over, watching you ruin the place with your golden rain. She watches in admiration, puppy-eyed.

"You're giving me a boner" you say shyly, coiling yourself away.

She beams at you.

"When you're finished pissing, want some head?"

Fuck yes. Yes, yes you do.

She shifts over to you, and gets on her knees, before delicately massaging your balls. She removes her bra to let you see her petite breasts and perky tits. She brushes her boobs against your crotch for a moment to tease you, before giving your member a long lick from the base all the way to the tip, dancing her tongue delicately along your head, before going back around the underside to collect every drop of your piss that you let out moments before. She withdraws, and gives a tiny, adorable little gulp as she swallows the little bit of piss that was on you. Her luciously silk lips kiss your head, before slowly enveloping the rest of you. You give a nice groan of bliss, and run your a hand through her soft hair as you bask in the glory of her masterful mouth. She keeps going further down your member until her warm, wet mouth has totally engulfed your manhood.

Her mouth is hot and wet, and her tongue works its magic along the underside of your shaft as she coaxes you to closer. Your other hand, moments ago planted firmly on her scalp, has now started to massage her. She giggles, smiles and slowly starts to withdraw her warmth, cock sheathed inside snugly, tantalizingly pleasuring you. Her head bobs all the way back up to your glans, before effortlessly gliding back down, as your cock still experiences the wonderful sensation of her warm mouth. You let out a deep, sensual groan and begin to subconsciously arch your back as you undergo the magical feeling. Her lips meet your base, right up to your balls as she takes you deep, moving the muscles in her mouth to wrap around your dick like you were fucking her cunt. You shudder as a jolt of precum spurts out of your tip, and her tongue lovingly laps it up. As your sheer bliss reaches its orgasmic zenith, you warn her.

"I'm going to cum", you sigh with ecstasy.

She moans with her mouth full, but you can make out what she's saying pretty easily. "You can cum in my mouth".

And that's the ticket! You shudder as your body erupts in euphoria, with your hot white spunk flooding her warm, wet gullet. You cream her throat in waves, with her tongue squeezing your entire length and pure orgasmic bliss quaking through your manhood. Every spurt from your dick gets even more pleasurable as you thrust your hips into her inviting face. With one final moan and thrust, your body squeezes out its last bit of it's liquid love for the lusty leopard right onto her tongue. The cum that you pooled inside her mouth collects, and she licks her lips to get the sweat and precum you've left, and she swallows all your nut in one little gulp. She licks her lips again, looks up at you and smiles.

"I'm happy you're here contributing, but this forest still smells like MY piss only. You can leave your scent here as a little memento in this corner."

You nod, and she continues.

"Thanks. If you'd love to get naughty sometime, just come back here."

You like the sound of that.

"I'll come by again to get naughty sometime in the near future."

Before she walks away, she calls to you, "Oh, and name's Nidalee, by the way. And I'd fucking love that." She smiles.

You introduce yourself back, and the two of you part ways.

You want more, of course.

You go back the next day, same time, and sure enough, she's there.

Your glances meet, and she moves over to you smiling.

"Hey again", Nidalee says.

You reciprocate your greeting and give her a smooch.

"I really have to go today. Can we get started right now?"

"Sure".

She pulls her skirt and panties down and pops a squat in the bushes next to you.

"Wait", you say.

She glances back up at you.

You twitch a little awkwardly, but muster up the courage to meekly say "do it on me."

She beams as her glance meets yours. She likes the sound of that.

She bolts up. "Sit down on this stump", she says, pointing to a nearby tree stump.

You sit down, and take your pants off, exposing your raging manhood to her.

She stares with admiration at your throbbing member.

"Okay," she starts positioning herself reverse-cowgirl style, so her booty is right in your face. She grabs her ass and spreads her cheeks wide, giving you a nice view of her asshole and her quivering cunt. She firmly plants her feet on the ground and lets loose. Instant heaven. Staring at her lovely labia and tiny asshole, warm piss starts raining down onto your junk. She lets out a deep, long, girly moan as she relieves herself all over you. The second you feel some of that liquid sunshine hit your dick, you bolt up and shudder in bliss. She hasn't even put her hands on your dick and it's trembling with ecstasy as you feel her love cover you completely. Your dick is completely soaked as her stream rages, with the warm piddle showering your manhood.

You could cum by just sitting here as she tinkles all over you, and that may as well just end up happening, considering this is the sexiest thing you've ever seen. She's moaning and shaking her ass and it might just be a bit too much. But you hold out. You want the whole thing, baby. Her ass dances and her feet shift about as she gets more and more urine on your cock. It's making your shirt wet, and it's getting all over your jeans, and you'll definitely be leaving her soaked in fox girl piss, but this is soooooo worth it. Instant diamonds in your dick as she shakes the last few drops from her, then rubbing her pussy lips against your cock to wipe herself clean.

She turns her face toward you. "You looked like you enjoyed yourself back there", she giggles. "You look like you're about to burst. If you want, I can give you a buttjob. Twerk on your dick? Nice little lapdance until you spill your load? Won't take very long, I promise".

You nod vigorously.

"Okay, then." She smiles, turning back around.

She shakes her ass like a pro, dancing it around your dick. Your head digs in to the flesh of her bottom, as her butt tickles your dick. You're going to bust your nut in mere seconds.

Then she turns around and winks.

Aaaaaaaaaand you fucking lose it.

In nine furious spurts, you shoot your load all over her butt, some strings even roping their way on her back. Your piss soaked crotch erupts with white love for her, and she seems to be amused by it, looking back and similing. Your balls tighten, your stomach curls and your back arches as you keep spurting and spurting for the foxy-eared lady. She stands up and gives you a nice view of her butt, which you have painted completely white with your jizz.

She then moves back a bit, and backs against the tree, and motions for you to stand up.

"Your turn, big boy." She coyly says.

"On your face?" You ask.

"Everywhere, baby. My tits, too." She eagerly requests.

That's an offer you can't refuse.

You ready your bladder with your dick aimed right at her face. You relax and let the piss flow on her, your thick stream covering her in a matter of seconds. She smiles as your deluge drenches her forehead, your pee soaking her hair, ears, face, and neck.

"Fuck. Yes." She moans.

"I've never been peed on by a guy before. Always wanted it. Thank youuuuuuuuuuu~"She can hardly finish her words.

Remembering her tits, you guide your member down as your love flows on her, down on her neck and all over her beautiful bare chest. Her tiny tits react accordingly, with her nipples getting firm she massages them as they get soaked.

"Mouth" she says, opening her mouth.

Not very subtle.

Your dick obeys, and you spray your stream into her mouth. She happily laps it up, letting it fill her completely, overflowing a little bit, before swallowing as you continue. It's dripping from her mouth, down her chest and getting all over the ground. She greedily continues, with her wide eyes begging for more, and your bladder is happy to oblige. You continue to pee all over her face for a solid thirty more seconds, letting out your hot liquid love for her until your stream recedes. She takes notice, and puts her mouth on the tip to suck out the last few drops and clean you up.

She pulls back and licks her lips. "Thanks a bunch, sweetheart".

So, same time tomorrow, you guess.

