Outdoor Concert

Author: Fetishguy72

*000*2023-06-30 22:37

My boyfriend and I have been dating for about 7 months. We met our senior year at our Midwestern college. We coincidentally lived only 15 minutes from each other back home on the east coast. After graduation he headed back home while I stayed another month to finish up at my job. I planned to meet up with him at an outdoor concert about 2 hours away from where we live after I got home. He was going on a family vacation and they were going to drop him off at the concert on their way home. We were also going to get together with another college friend of ours( Michelle) and sleep over at her place as she lived near the concert venue. On the day of the concert I packed a bag, put on my white bikini panties and light sun dress and headed to my college friend's house. I left my car there and her older sister dropped Michelle, her boyfriend and myself off at the concert. It was a nice sunny day, not too hot, but with dancing and being in the sun I did get a little sweaty. And in typical concert fashion, there were not enough bathrooms and normally nothing to wipe with. Which resulted me (as well as other women) peeing outside and quickly pulling my panties back up. Some women just pulled their panties to the side and let go. Later in the afternoon my boyfriend arrived and that's when I increased my alcohol intake.

As the sun began to set, Michelle and her boyfriend moved closer to the stage, while my boyfriend and I retreated some what to a more secluded area. We were dancing and rubbing on each other. It felt so good to be with him again I didn't realize how bad I needed to pee. Once I realized it I was pretty desperate. I told him that I had to pee really bad and I headed to the bathrooms, as I turned the corner the line was unbelievable. I stood behind a crowd of others crossing my legs and fidgeting. That's when I spurted uncontrollably in my panties. I hurried back towards my boyfriend and told him "I'm not gonna make it" Usually I would be hesitant to pee in public, especially around my boyfriend, but I really didn't have any choice.I headed over to the fence and as I lifted my dress to pull my panties down, I lost control and leaked a little more in my panties. When I got back he said " did you make it?". 

Normally I would have just played it off, but I was buzzing off the alcohol, so I kind of smiled and said " not completely" We began dancing and grinding again, I was in front rubbing my ass against him. He started running his fingers between my legs and over my crotch, I turned around, unzipped his shorts and started rubbing his pre cum soaked dick. Before long he said "I'm gonna cum! - I quickly said "cum in my pussy!" I pulled my sweaty, pee soaked panties to the side and pushed him in me just as he blew his load. I could feel it pulsating and hear him gasping as he came. That sent me over the edge, I had one of the biggest orgasms. I shook and buried my face in his chest to muffle my moans. I pulled my panties back over my crotch and I could feel his cum leaking into my panties for what seemed like the rest of the night. Around midnight Michelle's sister picked us up, it was a little early to beat the crowd but it was ok we were tired and I needed a shower. When we got into the SUV we all collapsed in our seats and I could smell my panties the whole ride back. I kept them on when I first got in the shower just so I could rinse them off some. I still have them though. I consider them my lucky panties!

