Kelly’s Bursting Train Ride

Author: Fullofpeeeeeee

*000*2023-08-15 03:24

This is the story of Kelly. And the day she was more desperate to pee than she ever imagined anyone could ever be. The day that redefined the phrase ‘bursting to pee’. The day her bladder stretched full to it’s absolute limit and kept filling.

It started like any other day. She woke up, had her morning pee (little did she know this would be the last time she felt any relief in a very long time) She had 2 coffees while getting ready and left the house for work. She took a bus to the train station and a 45 minute train ride to get to work. As the bus was leaving her stop, she felt a small need to urinate, which she ignored. She kept sipping on her to-go coffee and from a water bottle occasionally. She would later regret this.

By the time the bus got to the train station, Kelly had planned to pee. She was a bit uncomfortable. As she walked by the food store on the way to the bathroom she realized she hadn’t bought a lunch. She bought a sandwich and a large Coca-Cola, and then headed to the bathroom. As she was walking towards the bathroom her train rolled into the station. Not wanting to miss the train, she got ready for a bit of an uncomfortable ride and stepped on. She would also regret this later on.

10 minutes into the ride and Kelly had to PEE. Her bladder had reached its capacity at this point, and she had no idea how bad it was about to become. ‘Another half an hour’ she told herself. Then she could pee. She was shifting around in her seat, crossing her legs, uncrossing them, sitting up straight, slouching back. Bouncing her legs, rocking her hips back and forth. She had to pee BAD.

Another 10 minutes and Kelly thought she’d burst right there. Her bladder was throbbing nonstop and she was quivering with the effort of trying to squeeze her peehole shut. This was definitely more desperate than she’d ever been.

Suddenly, Kelly felt a strange sensation around her pants zipper. She looked down and realized that her bladder was so full it was swelling out and it was trying to burst open her zipper. She looked around, not sure what to do. She wanted to undo her pants, but didn’t want to be inappropriate in public.

Then, a thud. A thud that sent her bladder into a full spasm. She had to use her hands to cup her crotch and push tight, her bladder throbbing violently and piss was still filling inside it. She knew at that moment she NEEDED to undo her pants. She gingerly used one hand to pull her pants away from her swollen bladder and with the other hand she quickly unsnapped the button and pulled down the zipper. She leaned back in her seat, arching her back and thrust her bladder out. She’d never seen a bladder so huge and swollen. There was a mound of piss inside her, sitting right over her pubic bone, her lower belly bursting out over her pants. Then, an announcement, confirming what the thud was. The train had a malfunction.

It would be about a 40 minute wait before it was up and running again. Just hearing this news caused Kellys bladder to contract and spasm. She was sitting so awkwardly. Upper back pressed against the seat, her lower back arched with her bladder sticking straight out, while trying to grind her peehole into the chair. She didn’t care how silly she looked at this point, she just needed to urinate.

She was rocking her hips side to side, thrusting herself forwards and backwards. Her bladder was absolutely pounding for relief. Wave after wave of desperation swept across her body. She counted down the minutes. 40 minutes to fix the train and another 25 minutes till they stopped. Why wasn’t there a bathroom anywhere on board? This was an absolute emergency. She needed to pee and she needed to pee NOW.

She couldn’t keep up with shifting positions anymore, every bit of movement caused her bladder to violently throb. She tried sitting as still as possible, her bladder couldn’t take any movement or shaking anymore. She was truly beyond desperate to pee. She felt like she was about to explode. At this point she wished she would.

But she continued to sit as still as possible, her bladder throbbing nonstop. They were working on the train now, about 10 minutes to go. She just needed to hold it about another half an hour. To make matters worse, there was a teenager across from her making a big deal about ‘having to pee.’ All she could think to herself is… ‘this kid doesn’t actually have to pee, he can still move. If he thinks he has to pee bad what would he dare rate how badly I have to go’

Then she had a thought. What if she peed. Just a bit, through her pants. No, she can’t. But pee. She thought about asking the train workers if she slip out for a minute. But she had to go so badly she was afraid to stand up to go ask. So she sat, in silence, throbbing bladder until the train suddenly jerked back to life. Of course, this caused another bladder spasm and this time her pee made its way down to her peehole. She had to thrust her hand into her crotch to prevent it was gushing out.

Ok we are almost there she thought. Just then an man sat down next to her. He told her she looked worried and asked if she was late for work, trying to make small talk. Without thinking she blurted out ‘my bladder is about to explode!’ And then went silent, embarrassed. The man looked at her with sympathetic eyes, shrugged and got up, leaving Kelly and her throbbing bladder alone again.

As waves and waves of intense desperation washed over Kelly, she begin to see familiar places. She was too far off now - maybe 5 minutes. One single of drop of pee was hovering outside her peehole. Her hands were stuffed into her crotch, her pants still undone. She trying gently rocking her body in time with the throbbing in her bladder. Everything hurt, she needed to pee worse than she thought humanely possible. As the train rolled into the station, Kelly bladder continued to throb violently, only now, which each throb, a squirt of pee escaped. She was so close to a bathroom yet her bladder was truly about to give in.

Finally, finally. The train stopped. Kelly braced herself and stood up. Her bladder was so full and she needed to piss so badly that she could not stand up straight. She walked, hunched over, one hand in her crotch and the other hand holding onto the wall to support her bursting need to urinate. She had to stop to cross her legs every few steps. Her steps were small and quick. She saw the bathroom door. Suddenly, the most intense need to piss washed right over her into body. She was shaking and had to stop and stand still for a moment, legs tightly crossed. She was going to piss herself. Fuck, she needed to pee. She looked longingly at the bathroom when the man from the train appeared out of no where. ‘You weren’t kidding, let’s get you to the bathroom’ he said.

@@Kelly didn’t say a word, pee was coursing through her body, her bladder was somehow still filling and her peehole was pulsating, gushes of piss bursting out with every throb of her bladder. She just nodded and the man let her support herself on him and he guided her to the bathroom, patiently waiting while she stopped several times to hold herself and cross her legs. As she got to the entrance to the bathroom, Kelly knew she had to get inside just then. She picked up the pace, shuffling quickly, her bladder was bouncing around and it hurt so bad but she knew she need to pee right then. There was no holding it any longer. She burst into the bathroom and ran up to the toilet, pulling her pants and underwear down as she ran into the cubicle. Pee started gushing out of her the moment her felt the cooler air on her peehole. She stood there for a about 40 seconds, pee spraying out of her like a firehouse, before she realized what was happening. As pee was still jetting out of her, she turned around and sat down. She sat on the toilet and waves of pee gushed and gushed out of her. Twice it slowed down to a trickle and she thought she was done only for her to start violently urinating again.

Over two minutes later, Kelly finally breathed a sign of relief. The floor was flooded in pee, her pants had a huge wet spot, and Kelly had a new understanding of what it truly meant to be bursting to pee.

