Comming home, couldn't hold it

Author: fetisher

*000*2020-03-29 14:17

This story is pointed at fans of middle-aged woman desperation. It is based on different experiences I have gathered over the years. I assembled what I saw and heard about that kind of situations when a woman is coming home and urgently needs the toilet.

We spent all day at my girlfriend’s home. In the early afternoon she went to take a bath. I relaxed in the living room, watching TV, when suddenly I heart the front door was opening. From my angle of view I couldn’t see the other side of the hallway, but I clearly recognized the heels clacking sound of her mom. She slammed the door and dropped her handbag on the floor. It was followed by a few quick steps and I heart, how she rushed to open the bathroom door, where was also the toilet. When she found it locked, she moaned loudly. This caught my attention. I immediately realized that her mom urgently needed to use the toilet. It seemed she was extremely desperate, as I noticed she even didn’t take off the shoes. She began to beg her daughter through the door:

“Jenny! Are you going to take long?... I really have to pee… ” and said some other things, explaining how urgent the situation was. Unfortunately my girlfriend was got in the bathroom just a few minutes ago, so it was obvious that she was going to be delayed quite a bit. My heart rate jumped! I moved discreetly aside, so I could see her. I couldn’t skip such sight of desperation. Danielle, her mom was smart dressed in a dark blue office style, pencil skirt, and beige pantyhose. She was a 42 years old, nice looking lady. I tried unnoticeable to take a look at her while she was at the bathroom door with her back to me. It was shocking the way, how she was standing, bounced up and down, while she was begging her daughter to be faster. She was obviously very desperate. I could imagine how she was holding herself on the way back. And I was wondering what she was planning to do now, knowing she had to wait at least ten minutes.

At that moment she probably didn’t know, I was there. When she stepped out of the door, I turned back to my place, so I didn’t want to see me that I was spying behind. She began to walk undigested in the hallway. I couldn’t see her, but I was hearing how the heels clattered nervously on the floor. At one moment she came closer to the living room and she was surprised to see that I was there. She immediately tried to concentrate and hide as much as possible her predicament.

- Hi, I didn’t know you are here – she smiled me and maybe realizing that I had heard what was happening with her.

- Hi, How are you – I pretended that I was focused on TV and didn’t mentioned her bad situation.

- I've been running errands all day and I was in a hurry to get home because… I really have to go to the toilet – while she was saying me that, she bent her leg at the knee in a typical desperate manner.

- Sorry, but you have to wait a while. Jenny just went to take a bath – I said with sympathy.

- I hope she will come out soon… I really have to pee…

She turned back, knocked on the bathroom door, asking Jane to be hurry again. Then she got off the shoes and came to me in the room. She looked what I was watching on TV and sat on the next armchair by me. We started talking about common things. We’ve known each other for a long time and it seemed she didn’t feel so uncomfortable to expose her predicament in front of me. She couldn’t sit still in the armchair. She tried to be not so obvious, but while we were talking, she continuously changing her position on the seat. Her knees were constantly moving up and down, squeezing each other. A little bit later, she crossed her legs and slightly bent forward. I tried to keep the conversation, but she looked quite distracted. As we talked, she suddenly interrupted me.

- Oh, I’m going to pee in my panties, I couldn’t wait much longer – she made a desperate grimace and quickly pressed her fist in the crotch and bent at the waist – What she is doing there? – continued murmuring.

I couldn’t say anything in that situation. I really didn’t know what to say and how to help her. A half minute later she seemed to have regained control for a while. We continued talking, though she looked more tense and distracted. She mentioned that she had been out of the office today, so it caused to put off her need to pee for a long time. She didn’t expect that she couldn’t use the toilet, when she gets home.

She kept fidgeting and started crossing and uncrossing her legs, literally in 10 seconds. Thereof her over-knee length skirt was lifted a lot, exposing her thighs. At one point I had a nice view of her underwear. She was with white lace panties. The sight was so hot, especially in the combination with that body colored pantyhose. Maybe she noticed where my gaze was directed and realized that her skirt was raised a lot. She stood up and straightened the skirt. Then she walked a bit around the room and stopped by the window. Now, I looked at her in the back. She was slightly hopping from one foot to the other, kept holding her hand in front of the skirt. In the way she was bending her legs, made her butt bigger and sexy in that tight skirt with a nice back open slit.

It was left about ten minutes. Jane should come out in any moment. Danielle got to look more impatient and nervous. I looked at the TV, but with an end of the eye I watched what a pee dance she did by the window. Suddenly, she moaned again and abruptly crouched. She remained frozen in that pose for about ten seconds, without saying anything. Then, she turned to me, pressing her crotch through the skirt and said.

- Please, go and tell her to come out immediately! I’m about to pee myself…

I went quickly to Jane. Fortunately, she was just finishing and was going out in a minute. Then, I quickly walked back to the living room, to calm Danielle. But she was gone. Тhe balcony door was opened and Danielle was outside. I was walking to her, saying that Jane was almost done, when she waved me through the window, giving me a sign to stop. I stopped in a meter from the door. She said in a low voice: “Please, don’t come here right now, wait me inside.” While she was saying that, I was already hearing a sound of running water. It was coming from her. I froze in a moment, didn’t know how to react. She was staying on the spot, looking down. I could see her just above the waist through the window. I couldn't see her below, but it was clear, that she was peeing herself. Then I saw the floor around the door and noticed some fresh drops. I realized, she was lost control and rushed outside.

I moved myself inward to the room and looked away, so I didn’t want to embarrass her, though I was thinking at the moment, how the pee was pouring down her legs. But, I could only hear the sound. It was lasted about a half minute. After a short pause, she walked back, stood up at the door before enter inside.

- I peed myself – she said softly and looked at me.

I instinctively looked at her legs. Тhe pantyhose around her feet was completely wet. There were also some wet stripes around the ankles.

- Do you feel much better now? – I tried to calm her.

- It’s, so much better. But everything on me is completely wet.

At that moment Jane was appeared, loudly saying she was ready. She saw how Danielle was staying at the door and asked:

- You can go… Why are you waiting…

- Well, I already did it - Danielle said with an apologetic smile.

- Where? – Jane asked anxiously.

- On the balcony floor. You can see what a puddle I was produced here.

Jane continued to star her mom with a misunderstanding. Danielle walked inside and said straight away:

- Sorry, but I couldn’t hold it any more. I peed in my panties.

- I did not understand that is so urgently – Jane began to apologize.

Danielle walked through the room and I saw her at the back. There was a big wet patch on the skirt, started below the butt. The pantyhose were painted with big wet strips on all over her legs. The fabric around the slit was totally soaked. She had a complete accident. I saw she felt embarrassed for sure, but she looked so hot with that wet clothes.

