Chapter One: Start of a Bad Omen

Author: FreedomRiders

*000*2021-10-21 00:57

AN: This story involves hurt/comfort, wetting, bullying, karma, furry/anthropomorphic characters, original characters, furry/anthropomorphic original characters, messing (much later on), high school setting, and romance. This story will include minimal sexual content, and all characters are depicted 18 years of age or older. Also this is my first story on here, hope you enjoy.

Character List So Far

Lexi Prow: A jumpy mouse senior girl who lacks a social life, loves video games, and is decent in her academics. (18 years old)

Alex K. Jess: A maned wolf baseball player junior who is friendly, if not a bit airheaded. He isn't very good at academics and is Lexi's love interest. (18 years old)

Celine Tyura: A cheetah senior and leader of the cheerleader squad. She is one of the more popular girls in school and Lexi's full time bully. (18 years old)

Chapter 1: Start of a Bad Omen

A murid girl walked through the crowded hallways of Rasa High School, yawning as she wiped the sleepy tears from her eyes. She was pretty short, like most of the mouse students in the school, 5'2 in height, and wearing a large black hoodie that hid her petite figure; with the name of a band she didn't remember. Under the hoodie was a grey pleated skirt and a pair of pink thigh high stockings. The fur on her head between her ears had a pixie cut style to it, combed on one side and partially draping over her face. Her tail was dyed pink on the very tip, and she had a golden piercing on her left ear.

She wore a pair of wireless earbuds and was listening to some pretty loud metal, completely ignorant of the world around her. She didn't stand out too well, which was just how she liked it, shifting the grey backpack over her shoulder to fit more comfortably as she walked to her locker. Students of all shapes and sizes passed her, ranging from canines, felines, equines, cervids, lapines, ursids, avians, too many to list in one go, but most of them dwarfed her in size as they walked by and with her. Couples kissed, friends chatted, groups giggled, everyone around Lexi seemed to be aware of their own thing. She reached her locker a few moments later. Like everyone else's: it was blue, tall, and had a silver combination lock on it.

Unlike everyone else's, however, it had clearly seen much better days. It was dented, and the blue on the door was faded, having gone under a large degree of abuse. Crude insults had been written in permanent marker all over the doors, such as "LEXi tHe lOsEr" or "Wimpy Mouse" on it. Opening the locker, Lexi pulled out the textbook for her homeroom class; Business Studies. As she was about to close her locker door; a large paw shoved her in, before slamming the door shut behind her.

Lexi let out a cry as her head smashed into the wall of the locker, and felt her insides grip in fear as the door was slammed behind her. "No!" she cried in panic. "No, let me out!" Slamming on the door, she could tell someone was keeping the door shut, as it barely budged. "Let me out of here, please!!" Lexi begged. Suddenly, the bell rang, very loud and very clear. Lexi knew it was likely louder for her due to sensitive ears, but like many times this happened before, she knew the bell nevertheless drowned out her pleas, no matter how hard she yelled. However, she could hear several female snickers just outside the door before they too were drowned out by the loud electronic ringing of the school's intercom system.

The bell finally stopped ringing a full five minutes later, and when it did; it was silent. Doors were shut, and no one was no longer in the halls. Lexi knew there were no classes at all near her locker, but at least the janitor's office was close by. But the janitor didn't come by for a while, and Lexi knew she was stuck waiting. Meanwhile, she was trapped in a dented box with her backpack, several textbooks, and barely any room to breathe. While this wasn't the first time it happened, it didn't stop Lexi from breathing frantically, or whimpering to herself.

Lexi had been plagued by many issues as a child, such as essential tremor, and the proneness to passing out. And it was these reasons that got her picked on since middle school. But if there was one reason she could call herself lucky, is that she wasn't a target by the school's popular group from her incontinence. She had a very weak bladder, much weaker and much smaller than normal. Most mammals her size and mass could have a bladder limit of 200-300 milliliters, but her unlucky self could only handle up to 180 milliliters, max. Her parents had found out when she had bedwetting and school accidents all the way to upper elementary.

She'd taken medication to help with those issues now, and was trained with kegel exercises to help with the issue. However, they didn't help much. Her medication only helped her with controlling the urge to pee, but it had no effect on her limit, and was rendered useless when things like laughing or fright happened. In fact, she'd only had one accident in middle school, and it was by sheer and stupid luck that she wasn't caught by the other students for it.

- Flashback: 5 Years Ago -

The school's Halloween haunted house was a very big event. Middle schoolers were both ecstatic and frightened over the idea of a maze enveloping the entire gym, with jumpscares and horrible monsters hanging from the walls. Lexi, who was only 13 at the time, had been persuaded to attend by the drama club, who put the whole thing together advertised the event, asking to enjoy the haunted house as a way of appreciating all the work they put into it. Lexi had never been a no type of mouse, and gave easily under pressure.

And Lexi was completely regretting that mindset, unable to leave the in fear of either looking like she didn't appreciate the drama club, or a scaredy mouse. She was wearing a pirate costume, complete with boots, dark brown pants, a torn tunic she'd made herself, and an eyepatch. On her head sat the typical tricorne most associated pirates with. Standing in line at the school gym, she could hear screams, roars, moans, and cheesy scary music that most commercials or radio ads played. The paper cup of horchata that Lexi held was mostly empty, and half crumpled by Lexi as she shook nervously. While most of the kids were excited, some were scared and nervous about going in. Those twenty minutes of waiting were the worst Lexi had felt. She could've been bobbing for apples or getting candy, or taking part in some game where she could have fun instead of getting the daylights scared out of her.

When she arrived at the front, the screams were even louder, and there was even crying heard. Lexi had finished her horchata, and even chewed on the ice to distract her, as painful as it was. Tossing the empty cup, she entered reluctantly. She was greeted by darkness, and she whimpered as her tail curled up. There were glow in the dark arrows on the floor, as well as tape on the edges of the path to highlight the way through. She heard cackling, echoing throughout the gym. The other kids nearby, either in front or behind were crying or blubbering, unable to articulate any words properly. Lexi didn't blame them. As she continued, a large claw leapt out from the wall, seemingly phasing through it even though it was a curtain. Lexi let out a squeak and rushed ahead, eyes shut as she ran.

And bumped into something immediately. Looking up, Lexi cried out upon seeing it was a large skull mask with eyeballs looking right down at her. Scrambling to her paws, she tumbled through the path to see several boys disappear around the corner. She tried to follow before seeing splatters of red and hearing cries and yells in the next corner over.

The murid turned the corner to see red everywhere, the boys gone, and a large bulky figure in front of her. Before she could react, the figure's head - the skull of a canine - turned a full 360, before lunging straight for her. Lexi let out a bloodcurdling scream, louder than she'd screamed before, and ran. She bolted for her life, right past the figure and into smashed right through the paper wall to a closed gym door. Lexi slammed on it, pounding on the door while screaming for help. Unbeknownst to her at the time, her pants had become completely wet out of fear. Finally pushing the large heavy duty doors open, she ran into the open baseball field, which was empty. Lexi collapsed on the grass, crying and gasping for breath in wet pants.

Shaking violently, Lexi was about to breathe, before she threw up all over the field from so much adrenaline. When she'd calmed down, she was still shaking, but this time out of embarrassment. When the teacher found her, she was completely unmovable for several minutes, unwilling to go back and begging the adult to not tell anyone. It was only until the teacher told her that she wasn't the only one who had an accident from the haunted house event. With that, she felt somewhat better, and she felt even better when the teacher promised to sneak her out of the school and call her parents to pick her up.

When they arrived, they were unhappy with her accident, especially when she was doing so well. However, they were semi-understanding due to the fact it was induced by fear. They took her home, and Lexi refused to come out again for trick or treating. She went to bed early that night, and surprisingly had no nightmares about the event. The next day, Lexi came to school nobody mentioned any accidents, and it was like the whole thing was just another every day experience, which it technically was. Either way, she was glad that was over and done with, because she'd had the most humiliating and horrifying experience mixed in one: though she would be very disheartened at the thought of that moment becoming a bad memory.

- Flashback End -

Lexi shuddered as she remembered every embarrassingly gritty detail of that day, and then she was reminded of her current predicament. Knowing no one would be skipping out on homeroom class, she went back to banging on the door. "Lemme out? Is anyone there?" she cried as she leaned against the door, putting all of her feeble strength against the locker in an attempt to open it.

Of course, it didn't move an inch. Or even a millimeter. Nervously, she began to bang her head lightly on the locker, anything to distract herself from the despairing feeling of helplessness, how she'd be late once again and her parents would get even more mad, since she'd never told them of her bullying situation. She would be mocked and ridiculed for being late once again, for being a loser who didn't care about school. Clenching her eyes, she tried to force away the tears welled up and trickling down her groomed furred cheeks.

Then she felt it.

Oh no.

"No. No no no no no," Lexi whimpered, and she clutched her hands between her legs. Her bladder was acting up from the coffee she'd had in the car earlier today. She was originally going to go to the bathroom after she got her things, then straight to her class, but now things were going south. Her bladder ached and she let out a frantic whine, looking for a way out. "Hello?" she cried. "Hello, please let me out!!"

Nobody was there once again, and Lexi kept pounding on the door with one hand, the other scrunched against her crotch and between her squeezed together thighs. "Please, I have to go!!" she yelped. She felt a touch of warmth, and she gasped. She was already leaking. She didn't even remember if she took her pills today, but she prayed she did. She prayed that someone would open the door and free her before another accident happened and ruined her last year in high school.

Lucky for her, her prayers would be answered. A knock was heard on the outside of the door, and Lexi let out a joyous gasp. "I'm in here, lemme out!" she cried.

"Oh, uhh...how'd you get in here?" a male voice asked. It was too muffled for Lexi to recognize it, and she suspected he had something over his face. But right now she didn't care, she just wanted out of this prison.

"I-I got pushed in! C-could you open the locker?" Lexi begged. "Please, I'm about to pee myself in here!" She knew she shouldn't have said that, it would probably give this person ammo to tease her later, but her brain was screaming for her to desperately release her bladder.

"Oh! Uhh, what's your number? N-not your phone number, your locker number; sorry..." the voice stuttered, and Lexi gave it out without hesitation. About twenty seconds later of fumbling, the door slid open, and Lexi stumbled out, right into a body behind; or in front of the door. "T-thank you!" she cried before looking up.

Alex Jess, member of Rasa's baseball team, looked down at her with a concerned look. At least she thought it was concerned, were it not for the scarf currently blocking everything under the eyes. Alex was one of the handsomest boys in school, though he wasn't very good in the topic of academics: he was repeating his junior year instead of advancing to senior year. But he had a carefree attitude, and loved being social more than anything else.

And he was Lexi's big crush, ever since freshman year. Big enough that the thoughts she'd had over him would make anyone flush in embarrassment. And she was pressed up against him, about to soak them both. Blushing deep red, Lexi stumbled past Alex, screaming a "sorry" as she ran for the bathroom. Alex raised an eyebrow before looking down at the open locker. "Uhh, you forgot your stuff!" he called.

Lexi didn't hear, rushing into the girl's bathroom and into an open stall. Fumbling for a second, she attempted to yank her panties down, but they were caught on her skirt. She struggled for a few more seconds before giving up, sitting on the toilet as her bladder finally let loose. Flooding her panties, Lexi sobbed as she buried her face in her hands as the bathroom filled with loud hissing and splashing as she peed. While she was distraught that she was wetting her panties, it was much better than having an accident in that locker.

For a few minutes, Lexi sat there, her torrent of urine having stopped a minute beforehand, before she looked down. Her pink panties were soaked, as were her thigh-high stockings. If she went out now, everyone would know she'd wet herself. In the end, she resigned to just removing her thigh-highs to save her some embarrassment. She debated removing her panties as well, but she decided to just leave them on. She didn't know when the bullies would strike again, and it was preferable to have her panties exposed than all her bits for the school to see.

Lexi didn't move for another five minutes, her breath still shaky as she whimpered and stared at her embarrassing mess.

- At the Same Time -

Celine grinned as she left the stall in the girl's bathroom. That wimp Lexi was so fun to mess with. She'd been doing it since freshman year, and Lexi hadn't ratted her out once. Some of her friends enjoyed picking on her as well, all of them reveling in her cries and begging when they pushed her in the locker this morning. She was a loser, a dumb mouse who nobody would think twice over, because she was such a loner.

As soon as she washed her paws, she dried them and pulled out her phone to check on the latest social media stories. She was already using a bathroom break, she might as well make the most out of it. She didn't even turn it on when she heard running and a few voices. She recognized one of the voices as Alex, whom she wanted to join her reverse harem (she currently had three boyfriends and was looking for at least five), and the other as Lexi. Did Alex let him out?

The mouse rushed into the bathroom past her, and into a stall, clearly not closing the door as she stumbled over the toilet. Peering in, Celine watched in morbid surprise as Lexi peed her panties over the toilet, loudly crying as droplets of urine spilled over her legs and onto the floor. Celine winced, clearly disgusted and unsympathetic as she left the bathroom. Twice, she was surprised in that moment when she saw Alex waiting outside.

"Alex? H-hey, how are you doing?" Celine asked, attempting to sound a bit flirty. The cheetah cheerleader was currently wearing some pretty promiscuous clothes; short shorts, a crop top, and an open jacket. She'd seen many of the students, mostly guys and a few girls, gawk at her behavior, one of the many reasons she was so popular was openness with her body, as well as how rich she was.

Alex, however, didn't pay too much attention to outfits. He was holding a grey backpack and was looking quite concerned. "Kinda worried. Someone left her things after being stuck in one of the lockers. I'm waiting till she comes out," he said. "You should probably get back to class. I'll wait for her and see if she's doing OK."

"Oh, you don't have to. I'll bring her backpack to her. You don't wanna be late to school, do you?" Celine asked coyly, already thinking of more ways to humiliate Lexi by ruining her things.

"I'm already late. You go back to class," Alex said dumbly. "I'll wait for her."

"Oh...OK," Celine said before heading away, waiting until she'd walked out of earshot to start muttering angrily. "Stupid Lexi...stealing my wolf's attention when she's peeing herself like a kitten..." She stopped walking, before smirking evilly. "Oh...now there's an idea..."

_______

First chapter to a possible long term story, just sort of testing the waters. I plan on starting stories on this website, and I thought I'd start with something I had on my mind for a while now. Feedback is welcome, as are ideas, and other story topic concepts. Hope I do good!

Other stories I had in mind

A fantasy/age of sail universe

Medieval universe

Cyberpunk universe

