Holding Papers (With Art)

Author: Foxlover

*000*2020-09-01 02:55

This story was inspired by a recent commission I got from @Biku as I try to get my sea legs back for writing... hope you enjoy!

“Gosh fucking dammit gosh fucking dammit!” Christelle hissed bitterly to herself as she stood, knock-kneed, next to the corrections officer the San Luis Obispo County Police Department had her quite literally chained to.

Why they even had her detained in such a manner was beyond Christelle’s reasoning; she’d always figured such treatment was reserved for powder-smuggling drug mules or frat legacies who’d made one too many sloppy trades on Daddy’s Forex account, not a 23-year-old grad student with a shit load of student debt and a small pile of unpaid parking tickets.

It’d been over an hour since the bullshit civil court hearing that morning, where Christelle had tried to explain to that fat toad of a judge in no uncertain terms that she got paid at the end of the month and would square her accounts then, but they wouldn’t hear of it. They’d told her to shore up the balance by the end of the day, or spend the night in a holding cell. Not keen on having another mark against her formerly spotless record, Christelle resorted to swallowing her pride and getting her high-living tech startup mogul cousin to post her bail and front the cash for the tickets until she could pay it back. After that particularly humiliating phone call, they’d let her out of the cell…and promptly cuffed her to one of their officers until they cleared her to leave.

It was outrageous. She got the damn fines paid for and the tickets were settled. She should be a free woman, but they were still acting like she was a fucking flight risk while they dragged their feet in processing her release papers.

As if she could have run anywhere, anyway... the judge had relegated her and her tax dollar-sanctioned babysitter to the basement floor of the precinct near the evidence locker... a good, visible corner facing the door that allowed no movement to go undetected by the traffic of police officers roaming through the department... not to mention there were two-bit rent-a-cops stationed at every exit like this was the Museum of Natural History or something...like, what were they protecting? Old case files? A 7-year old coffee maker? A detailed map of the most efficient route to all doughnut shops in the area?

And of course, they still had her literally bound at the wrist to what looked like Uma Thurman guest starring on an episode of Law and Order, ensuring she was well and truly stripped of agency. That’s what really stuck it in Christelle’s craw…she felt like a 3rd grader being escorted to the principal’s office the way her hand hung limply at her side, joined to the officer’s.

Still, Christelle supposed there were worse people to be cuffed to...a taciturn statuesque blonde with Eastern European features and a constantly brooding expression who could’ve been just as at home in a clothing catalogue as a precinct was a far sight better than the portly desk jockeys Christelle had seen waddling around here. In fact, had this been literally any other situation, Christelle would’ve been thoroughly checking her out…she always had a thing for women in uniform. She wasn’t sure the officer swung that way, but the gruff expression and tight ponytail gave Christelle some hope.

Granted, that didn’t make it any less annoying that she was made to simply wait to be turned loose... or that for the past hour, the bottles of water she’d guzzled in her anxiety before her hearing had been coming back to haunt her in a bad way. Even under the relatively loose fabric of the jumpsuit, Christelle could feel how tight her abdomen was getting, her bladder swelling with liquid she had so unwisely imbibed. It was getting to the point where she was having to shift around ever so often just to not give her morning’s worth of piss too long to bear down on her sphincter.

“This is such fucking bullshit...” she hissed, angrily tugging at the handcuff that bound her to the officer and wincing as the metal dug into her skin.

”Cut that out.” huffed the officer, glaring across at Christelle. The young woman was surprised; her retainer hasn’t said a word this whole time, and she was surprised by the rich alto tone that she spoke in... and the lack of an accent, given the German frauline Christelle has conjured in her mind.

Christelle pursed her lips, meeting the officer’s eyes. “These handcuffs are digging into my wrists. They hurt. Don’t I have to be, I don’t know, read rights or something before I get slapped in the silver?” She grumbled, her ire mounting as the pressure from her bladder became more and more difficult to ignore now that she’d focused on it.

”You’re not currently under arrest, so you’ve no need for a legal briefing of that sort.” The woman replied, her eyes returning to face forward. “If, however, you’d like to exercise your right to remain silent, feel absolutely free.”

Christelle narrowed her eyes, glowering at the stalwart woman. “Look…I’ve been standing here an hour while they diddle around with my paperwork... and I parked on the east side of the street, which you can only stay in for four hours at a time before you have to renew the meter...so if I get kept here too long and get another ticket, what’re you all gonna do then?” She huffed sarcastically.

The officer’s jaw set. “Hope that you are more prudent in paying it than you have been with your last three.” She responded, her voice rigid and unmoving, but carrying detectable undertones of irritation.

Christelle huffed, glowering at the floor as she surreptitiously rubbed her thighs together. It was a constant pressure now, one she could definitely stand to be rid of... but there was no way she’d be allowed to remove the cuffs, and she was certainly not gonna ask Goldilocks to come into the toilet with her, she had to maintain some manner of dignity. She could wait.

However, as the minutes stretched on into another hour, Christelle found herself getting more and more nervous. She couldn’t even stand still now, forced to continue to gently tap each foot against the ground and wiggle about... she really wanted to jam a hand into her crotch to give herself some reinforcement, but no way was she gonna hold herself like a little girl in front of Robocop. Surely they’d be done with her paperwork soon, and she could get out of these cuffs, take a wicked piss, and be on her way. She just had to hold on.

~~~~

Time wore on, and with it, Christelle’s hopes of making it out of this without revealing too much of her predicament to her temporary steward were quickly eroding. She grit her teeth as she rocked back and forth on her heels, cocking her hips and bending at the knee whenever she felt no one was looking. Holy shit, she had to piss... the burning sensation right on top of her urethra, bidding her to simply relax and let go, sorely tested her resolve. Sweat began to bead on her forehead despite the overly air conditioned room as she clenched her pelvic muscles rhythmically with every rolling wave of pressure. Dignity and desperation grappled within her as she fought with herself about what she should do, even as she was forced to hunch over after a particularly strong wave of pressure. After a few more agonizing minutes, biology gained an edge over pride and Christelle turned to the officer.

“Hey, Uh... do you think we could pop over to the little girl’s room real quick?” She whispered in a low voice so only her female companion would hear it.

The officer’s eyes flitted over to Christelle’s tense features, her own expression tightening somewhat. “Regulative policy states that no recess is permitted until release papers are signed and the handcuffs removed. They shouldn’t be long now.”

The words were so casual, so state-of-fact… both they were like daggers to Christelle’s bladder, which felt even fuller having heard that demoralizing answer.

”Uh, l-listen officerrrr...” Christelle leaned forward to read the woman’s nametag. “...Landry, um.... I’m gonna level with you, I drank a whole lot of water before that hearing, which was like an hour, and, uh, since then I’ve just been standing here with you... for…a couples hours… it’s kind of an emergency...” she added with a tense mutter, lifting her ankle and curling behind her leg for emphasis.

Officer Landry frowned, her stoic gaze hardly breaking as she stood, still and unmoving as ever. “No recess is permitted until release papers are signed and the handcuffs removed.” She repeated callously. “You’re a big girl, you can hold it.”

Christelle bit back a curse as her plea was deflected... but she couldn’t simply give up. “I assure you that I can’t...” she hissed fretfully, bending at the hip with a pained expression. “P-please, I feel like I’m gonna explode, we’ve been standing here so lo-“

”That’s enough.” Officer Landry cut in, setting her jaw. “You should have the self-control to put up with a little discomfort while you get bailed out of the situation you got yourself into.”

Christelle let out a strangled gasp of exasperation. “If you had to piss as bad as I do, you’d le-“

“I am an officer of the law, trained to maximize my body’s capabilities to protect the peace.” Landry cut in again, her gaze now fully boring into Christelle. “I would let my bladder swell to the size of a watermelon if it meant accomplishing my mission... missions that are far more important than keeping an eye on a child.” The woman muttered.

Christelle blinked, rather surprised at how... strangely vulgar the woman was when it came to her bathroom habits... but that still didn’t help her. With no other options and her one companion psychologically closing herself off, Christelle resigned herself to simply bearing the pain and hoping her papers were signed soon.

~~

Another 20 minutes passed. Christelle was full on dancing now, all shame buried under her intense desire to urinate. Her scrunched upwards as she bit her lower lip hard enough to nearly draw blood.

”Hhaaaaaashiiiiiiittt...” she groaned. “Shit shit shiiiihi-hi-hit...”

She swallowed, turning her frantic gaze towards the officer once more, desperately trying to appeal to her humanity. “Officer Landry, please, you gotta take me to the toilet, I swear I’m gonna piss on the floor if you don’t let me go right fucking no-oooohh...” the girl shut her eyes tight, sucking air through her teeth as she automatically plunged a hand between her legs.

“It should be any minute now...” Officer Landry responded gruffly. For all her posturing, though, one could tell the officer was having a bit of trouble too. Her thighs were pressed together, one knee bent slightly inward as she clenched her hands at her sides. She was in need, but not nearly as desperate as Christelle, and her rigid adherence to protocol was only causing more trouble for both women

.

The minutes marched mercilessly on. Christelle was on the verge of defeat, all hope of remaining dry dwindling with each passing moment…even gripping herself between her thighs was providing little respite from the angry throbbing of a soon to be overflowing bladder. She had no choice; she had to convince Officer Landry to bend the rules, just this once… the absolute last thing Christelle wanted to do was piss herself in a precinct full of grown men.

Swallowing and gritting her teeth, Christelle turned one final time to the now fidgeting officer. “O-Officer Landry, please, I-“

Just then, the door to the conference room at the top of the stairs opened, and a balding man poked his head out. "Christelle Bisset!" He called.

Immediately, Christelle piped up, pulling her hand from her crotch and hurrying over to the base of the stairs, frantically peering up at the man. "Ah! Yes, yes, that's me!" She called, pressing her thighs together as hard as she could to compensate for the loss of the reinforcing pressure of her hand..

The man smiled down at her. "Good news...your papers are all processed. You're free to go."

Christelle blinked, the words rattling around in her head before she could fully grasp them. She could've cried for joy. "Oh, finally, thank you thank you thank you!" She called up at him.

The man's smile lessened a bit in his confusion at the girl's strange manner of speech. "Er...yeah...Anyway, Marzetti's out to lunch, and he's got the keys to your cuffs... soon as he gets back, he'll let you out and you can be on your way."

The balloon of elation in Christelle's chest popped under the pinprick of the man's words, her hopeful smile turning to horror.

"L-Lunch?" She stammered, squeezing her thighs together as her bladder rebelled at the thought of having to wait any longer. "H-how long will that take, I m-mean...when did he go?"

The officer at the top of the stairs shrugged. "I dunno, he just left. Break's only a half hour though, shouldn't be too long. I'll send him to come find you soon as he gets back."

Christelle blinked tears out of her eyes. Still, she swallowed, forcing herself to smile again. "O-okay..."

The man nodded, moving back into the room and closing the door.

As soon as he was gone, Christelle ducked back around the corner, her hand flying to her crotch again as she hopped from foot to foot for all she was worth.

"A half fucking hour!? I can't fucking wait that lo-ho-honnng!" She hissed, the tears now streaming down her cheeks...and she was seconds away from her other cheeks getting a similar bath.

She turned her fevered gaze on Officer Landry, who's tight lip and furrowed brow betrayed her own displeasure at having relief put further out of her reach.

"Of-Officer Landry, please, ya gotta help me..." Christelle hissed gutturally, bobbing forwards and upwards as she pressed at her quivering peehole. "Please please please I'm a-*hooo* I'm about to piss myself, ohhhh I'm about to piss myself..."

Landry set her jaw, the girl’s desperate display making her own need worse. She took a deep breath as she squeezed her thighs together. ”I told you, we cannot leave the-"

"Then you'd better fucking find me something else to piss into in the next five seconds or I'm gonna go right here on the floor!" Christelle spat, her thigh crossing over the other as she bent to a nearly 90 degree angle, her eyes scrunched tight as her face contorted in pain. "That what you want!? Me pissing on the fucking linoleum!? What’s the ‘regulation’ about that!?” She hissed, all decorum and respectfulness going out the window as Christelle danced for all she was worth.

Officer Landry pursed her lips. Despite her insistence that they follow procedure, it was clear that the young girl was at the end of her tether. It would surely reflect poorly in her report if her detainee wet herself… Landry herself would be reprimanded for even allowing it to get that bad, and the precinct could be facing a lawsuit. She had to act quickly.

The lawwoman set her jaw, taking a cursory glance around the room as she gave a gentle curtsy of her own. There wasn't much around that could act as a receptacle for urine...there was a desk, bearing a pencil cup, a lamp, an abacus and some restraining order forms, the trashcan next to it, a stool, a fi- The trashcan!"

Landry turned back to Christelle, who was now fully crouched, her cheeks puffed out almost comically as she bounced in place.

"The trashcan. Be quick about it..." She huffed, a strain in her voice betraying her own mounting need, exacerbated by Christelle’s animated movements.

Christelle looked up, a modicum of disbelief cutting through her agony. "A-are you serious? I- oh, fuck it..." She groaned, struggling to her feet and staggering over to the tall cylindrical can.

She danced in place as she tried to undo the waistband of her jumpsuit with one hand. "Come onnnn comeoncomeoncomeon..." She hissed, dancing even more furiously now. "Ohhh no, ohhh no no no..."

Suddenly, she ripped the trousers down to her thighs, barely getting her ass over the plastic rimmed can before nearly 4 hours worth of piss exploded from her exhausted peehole, jetting harshly against the plastic lining.

"Hooooohhhhhhhhmagawwwwwwddd" groaned Christelle as her pee roped noisily into the makeshift toilet. Her eyes were half-lidded in euphoria, her jaw going slack from the sheer ecstasy of relief.

So caught up was she in her release, she barely noticed the effect her display was having on her steward…

Officer Landry swallowed, trying to block out the sound of the young woman’s pee splattering into the trashcan. Her own bladder throbbed in sympathy, the organ protesting after having held back its load since early yesterday evening, when she’d assisted in giving a police escort to a murder witness testifying in court… She’d even volunteered to take up a watch at the safe house, consuming a least a half litter of coffee to keep herself awake…and by the time she was relieved of duty, she had been so exhausted she went right to sleep upon getting home. She’d gotten the summons this morning to be back at the courthouse, early 14 hours worth of water and coffee pushing against the walls of the officer’s bladder, and still she’d skipped her morning pee to be on time… now she paid dearly for that decision, her liquids demanding to be released as the torturous cacophony of Christelle’s relief continued to assault her eardrums. It was getting worse by the minute…

Opening her eyes, Christelle was shocked to see the stoic stalwart of a cop wiggling her hips about, the sound of Christelle's relief proving too much for her tough persona to maintain...

So surprised was she, in fact, that she actually stopped peeing for a moment. “…Are you-“

“Quiet.” Officer Landry huffed. “Are you finished?”

Christelle reddened, now possessing the clarity to recognize how she must’ve looked; pants down, ass in the air over a trashcan. But she’d be damned if it didn’t feel good… She started peeing again, though this time, she did so with a bright red face and deliberately downturned gaze.

Suddenly, Officer Landry grunted, and a hand came up to squeezed between her thighs, bunching up her uniform around her crotch as she fought the sudden waves of pressure.

After nearly a minute, Christelle’s stream lessened, eventually trickling into drops before stopping completely. The young woman awkwardly stood up, reaching down with her free hand to pull her pants and panties back up over her dripping flower, her face glowing like the setting sun.

Despite the mortifying prospect of what she’d just done, Christelle felt lighter than she had in hours… though the same could not be said for Landry, who was now shifting from side to side about in a manner not unsimilar to what Christelle had been doing.

Christelle’s eyes drifted up the woman’s face. “Everything alright? I-“

Landry set her her jaw. “As I said, I am an officer of the law, trained to control my bodily functions to serve the peace. What you are looking at is 14 hours’ worth of accumulated dedication to that creed.”

Christelle’s eyes nearly bugged out of her head. “Fourteen…holy shit…” she breathed, eyes dropping to the tremendous bulge in officer Landry’s abdomen. “You must be about to fucking pop…“

“I will contain myself for as long as is necessary…” The woman huffed defiantly, though the hand buried in her crotch told a different story.

Just then, the door at the top of the stairs opened, though this time the man did not call for Christelle.

“Oi! Roskins, McMullan! Marzetti just called over the horn, robbery down at Archie’s on third! Get down there!”

Christelle blinked. Marzetti? Was that…

Apparently Landry had had the same realization, sweat beading on her brow as she glared up at the officers rushing out of the precinct. A robbery meant that Marzetti wasn’t going to be back with the keys any time soon.

Bouncing on her heels, Landry’s mind raced. How long would the robbery take? It was a 13 minute drive to Archie’s from here, and it would take 13 to get back… plus the standard hour for taking statements from witnesses, even longer if there were hostages… she could be looking at staying here for the rest of the afternoon…

As if on cue, Landry felt her hold slip, and she gasped as she felt a spurt of warmth in her cotton panties.

Christelle, still standing by, peered upon the woman with concern. “I-“

“Move.” Officer Landry suddenly barked, striding over to the trashcan. She squeezed her thighs together once more as she worked to get the button of her tactical trousers undone, the call of relief only making her need worse now that the seal was broken.

Christelle simply watched the previously silent and disciplined officer break down in a desperate dance before her, frantically fiddling with her pants.

At last, the button came undone, and Christelle was treated to the sight of Landry’s shapely ass as it threw itself over the can just as an even bigger torrent of piss came pouring out of the officer.

For a moment, there was naught but the sound of Officer Landry’s labored breathing and her pee roping noisily into the liquid already within.

Christelle couldn’t believe it. Two minutes had passed and the officer was still going strong, her bulbous bladder showing no signs of stopping. She must have really needed to go… Christelle found herself idly wondering just how long Officer Landry had been waiting to produce a flood like that…it had to have been quite some time… The more Christelle thought about it, the more intriguing it was and the harder it was to try and tear her gaze away from the pissing officer.

After nearly 3 and a half minutes, Landry’s stream ran dry, and she pulled herself off the trash can with a grunt, clearing her throat. She turned to Christelle, her own cheeks a bit rosy.

“No one is going to know about this.” She said in a low, menacing tone, though Christelle could hear the clear embarrassment behind it.

Christelle nodded, making a show of zipping her lips as she looked at upon the officer. Had she…always been this hot?

“Uh…so…” She murmured, looking down at their still chained wrists.

Landry cleared her throat again. “We will remain here as per regulation. No recess is permitted until the handcuffs are removed.”

Christelle swallowed. “Uh…right…”

She took a look at trashcan…even from here she could smell the acrid stench of their combined urine wafting up.

“Geez… guess we both really needed that, huh? But you…fourteen hours…wow…”

Officer Landry said nothing, though Christelle could’ve sworn she saw the barest hint of a smile flit across the woman’s face.

“As I said. My capacity is thoroughly-trained and hard-won.”

Christelle chuckled in spite of herself, brushing a bit of hair behind her ear. “It’s impressive…maybe I should become a cop, get some of that iron will…”

Landry huffed gently. “Certainly there are better ways to improve self-control than enlisting in the police academy…”

Christelle reddened slightly, nodding. “Yeah… Uh, hey, Officer Landry…”

“Yes?”

The girl grinned gently. “When we get out of here… I don’t suppose you’d fancy a coffee?”

THE END…?

Art by @Biku, the best partner in crime a Foxlover could have

*006*2020-09-02 14:39

{{21 hours ago, Omo-secret said:

I typically don't enjoy stories without wetting but this was incredible! Absolutely amazing work!

}}

Thank you!!!!

