The Very Desperate Date - City Without a Ladies Room

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2020-04-01 04:39

A while ago I posted a popular 4 part story, The City Without a Ladies Room.

I mentioned at one point in that thread that I was working on another story set in the city, I even posted the first 2 paragraphs to it in my own feed ages ago, this is that story. I've been working on it off and on for months, but feel I'm finally ready to post it.

You don't need to have read The City Without a Ladies Room in order to enjoy this story or understand it. The characters are different, but the rules of the city & accepted social norms described in it are still the same.

___

Loren was a beautiful young mid-20's woman who lived a few stories above me at our apartment complex. I ran into her at the bus stop early this morning on my way to work, where she was sipping on a large 31 ounce (917 ml) cup of coffee. I knew she'd need to pee before long once she finished her coffee, but with no ladies rooms in the city she'd have to hold it for a good while. Probably at least until the early evening rolled around. I knew I wanted to see her hold it for longer than that, so I chatted with her for a few minutes while we waited for the bus. After a while I suggested we have dinner and see a movie later tonight after we got off from work. To my delight Loren agreed.

During the afternoon Loren texted me that she was going to have to work a few hours of overtime. She wouldn't get off from work until 7 PM. I told her no problem; I'd pick her up right from work when her shift ended. I didn’t mind the delay, it met Loren's poor bladder would be even fuller at the end of her shift, and I didn't intend to let her go home and pee during our date.

By the time 7 PM rolled around part of me fully expected Loren to ask if we could swing by her apartment, so she could pee before we went to dinner. Because of her overtime Loren had just finished an 11 hour shift, all without a single pee break when I picked her up right from work. If she asked for a chance to go home so she could pee, I was ready to tell her she needed to hold it. We were already running late because of her overtime.

Instead, with her slim fidgeting legs tightly crossed, and her too-tight skinny jeans torturing her swollen bladder, Loren said nothing about her rather full bladder. Instead she apologized for her job delaying our date by several hours. I assured her I was perfectly fine with the delay, so long as we still caught the next movie at 8 PM. I knew that certainly wouldn't give Loren any time to go home and pee first, as we still had to grab dinner. Loren knew this as well, but she still agreed without hesitation, so I happily took her to dinner at a nearby restaurant. Loren couldn't help but fidget around uncomfortably in her seat throughout dinner as she drained her large glass of soda. But of course there was no opportunity for her to get up to go pee somewhere, there wasn't a ladies room in the entire city. I loved knowing that Loren badly needed to pee, but she had no choice but to continue to hold it for hours longer.

After dinner we had about 20 minutes to get to the theater to catch the next movie. Despite her bursting piss-filled bladder, Loren didn't even bother to ask if we could stop by her apartment first so she could pee, which aroused me even more. Then again, Loren knew full well there wasn't enough time for her to go home for a quick pee break before the movie, which was quite convenient for me, and quite inconvenient for her!

At the theater there were some public urinals for the men near the entrance. But of course nothing was provided for the women, they were all expected to hold it. "Hold on a minute, I need to pee" I told Loren. She nodded politely and waited; her poor swollen bladder was no doubt very jealous while I peed just a few feet away from her. I noticed she was crossing her legs, and fidgeting around anxiously as I peed, which made me extra excited. "What's wrong Loren, do you need to pee?" I asked her casually. She nodded.

"I've needed to pee pretty bad all afternoon at work. But since there aren't any ladies rooms I could use I'm still holding it" she admitted casually, all while I continued peeing in front of her. "In hindsight I probably should have considered going home to pee over my lunch break like some of the other girls did, but I figured I could hold it till later. And my co-worker invited me and some of the guys over to have lunch and coffee at his place, since he lives right next to the office, so I accepted.

His toilet was right there in the next room while we ate & had our coffee. I had about 4 large cups of coffee this morning, so I really needed to pee by that point. The guys knew I really needed to use the toilet as they all used it one by one while I waited for my chance to go. But since the guys didn't offer to let me use the toilet I knew I wasn't allowed to pee, so I just held it. I was the only one in our group who went back to work still unrelieved, knowing I'd have to hold it the rest of my shift. Even though I really needed to pee bad in the afternoon I still helped myself to 2 more cups of coffee when I got thirsty" she admitted sheepishly. Knowing Loren had a chance to pee earlier in her co-worker's toilet, but she had skipped it out of obedience to the city's rules, and she was still holding it hours later made me even more excited.

"So you've been bursting to go for a while then" I remarked casually as I finished peeing. Loren nodded as she continued to twist herself into desperate knots. "I really appreciate how you skipped your chance to go pee afterwork for me. You didn't even ask me if you could go home to pee before we went out, even though you badly needed to. How long has it been since you've last gone?" I asked curiously.

"It's been 13 hours since I've last gone early this morning, I'm glad you at least appreciate me holding it for so long. My poor bladder really hates me for skipping the chance to use a perfectly good toilet over lunch, and for passing up a chance to go home and pee after getting off from work. But with a lady's proper etiquette it wasn't really up to me if I got to go or not, it was up to you guys" she pointed out. "You never offered me a chance to go home and pee before we left for dinner, so I figured you obviously wanted me to hold it. Watching you go in the urinal has only made me need to pee so much worse now" she added as she openly held herself.

"Can you hold it till after the movie? There's really no time for you to go home and pee now" I pointed out. The movie we were seeing was over 3 and a half hours long, so Loren knew I was asking her to hold it for at least another 4 hours.

"It's going to be hard to wait that long; I need to pee so frigging bad already" she admitted candidly. "But yes, I can hold on for you till after the movie. Us ladies are supposed to hold it if we have to" she answered obediently.

With that settled we bought our tickets and went to get some refreshments. Being a gentleman I of course got Loren a 42 ounce (1,242 ml) soda, the largest size they had. It was the perfect size for a lady with an already full bladder. Even with the prospect of needing to hold on for hours more to come hanging over her head, I knew Loren would be too polite a lady to refuse it. She knew plenty of guys in the city loved it when their girl badly needed to pee, the longer she had been holding it in the better. Some prideful ladies purposely ordered large drinks for themselves just to be sexy, and to prove that they weren't concerned by the lack of a ladies room. I knew Loren was one of those prideful ladies who probably enjoyed holding it all day.

So Loren politely accepted the large drink, even with a nervous tremor in her fidgeting legs, and a hint of worry on her face. She even politely took a long sip for me, without a word of complaint about her already throbbing little pee hole. She was already dying to use the toilet, but as a lady she knew she absolutely wasn't allowed to pee in public under any circumstances! She was stuck holding it for the entire movie now. It was too bad for Loren that I had purposely chosen the longest movie possible, just to keep her waiting even longer! I had even gotten us seats all the way in the back, as far from the entrance as possible, all to slow our exit later. With all the action in Loren's swelling bladder, I doubted either of us were going to be paying much attention to what was on the big screen.

=====

It's a shorter story than usual for me I know, I'm attempting to write shorter higher quality stories lately so it doesn't take me quite as long to finish them. This story will be concluded in a part 2 at a later date.

*006*2020-04-01 23:05

{{14 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

Great to see more of this! Thank you for writing. But... Have you dumped Erin? You are playing the field man!

}}

I may go back to writing a story about Erin in the future, but I wanted to write about a different girl in the city for this. I know they might seem very similar to each other right now, but Loren isn't met to be a clone of Erin. And who knows, maybe I'll put Erin, Loren, and some other girls from the city together in a story someday. I have another short story or two I also started on set in the same city, I just ended up liking Loren's the best and decided to continue it over the others.

{{2 hours ago, Aeglaf said:

An amazing story, as always. I loved both The City Without a Ladies Room and The Wife Who Had to Hold It, love this one as well.

(Also: it's really nice to see ounces translated to metric. As someone who is completely unfamiliar with imperial units, it's sometimes annoying when I'm in the middle of a story and then have to open a new tab and google the amount this or that character have drunk to get some understandable number.)

}}

Thanks, and I know the feeling about metric vs imperial. I normally use imperial units, except for liquids. I'm always having to google how many ML are in X ounces myself.

{{2 hours ago, SAM996 said:

Now the question will be whether Loren gets to use a regular toilet, maybe attempts to use the urinal or if she attempts to pee in public and is arrested for attempted public urination and then gets put in a jail cell where maybe there will be a toilet in there or maybe not you'll obviously have your own idea on how this will go.

}}

We'll have to wait and see.

*014*2020-08-15 05:00

Sorry for the long delay, but I finally have part #2.

=====

City Without a Ladies Room - The Very Desperate Date - Part #2

I knew that Loren's poor swollen bladder was feeling quite a bit heavier than it had been a few hours ago, how could it not after that large soda I had gotten her? Her too-tight skinny jeans were no doubt painfully squishing her very unrelieved bladder as she squirmed around in her seat in obvious discomfort. But obviously I didn't intend to let Loren go home and pee anytime soon!

I leaned over and asked Loren how bad she needed to pee now that she had drained her entire 42 ounce (1,242 ML) soda. She hesitates nervously, I know her throbbing little pee hole is burning with exhaustion after all that soda. She grinds her slim thighs together anxiously, struggling to avoid springing a badly needed leak.

"I… I think I'll be ok for now, but it's getting really frigging bad Lee. A trip to the toilet would feel SOOO frigging good right about now!" she confessed as she openly held her crotch like a desperate little girl. "My bladder is nearly filled to the brim, you should feel how full it is Lee" she added, inviting me to touch her swelling bladder bulge. So I did. I was gentle at first, her swollen bladder felt hard as a rock when I lightly tapped it with my finger. Loren fidgeted around anxiously in her seat at the added pressure, but she didn't ask me to stop, so I took that as encouragement to press down more firmly. To my pleasant surprise Loren bore it all without complaint, as if her too-tight skinny jeans had left her well trained bladder numbed to the added pressure. I grinned happily at her.

"I know it's selfish of me, but I'm really glad you haven't been able to pee since I saw you drinking that large coffee at the bus stop early this morning. I knew you'd need to pee before long after draining that large coffee, but I was really hoping you wouldn't get a single chance to pee all day before we went out to the movies. It makes me excited knowing you need to pee so badly after holding it for the last 15 hours" I confessed.

"Lucky you then Lee, I live too far from work to even consider going home to pee over my lunch break. Not that I would anyway if I could" Loren teased. "I had 4 large coffees this morning, so I seriously needed to pee by the time my lunch break arrived. But of course there weren't any ladies rooms I could use, and the urinals were obviously out of the question, so I had to cross my legs and hold it like a lady should. It sucked for me and my poor throbbing bladder, but some of the guys certainly enjoyed seeing me getting desperate.

One of them invited me and the other guys over to have lunch and coffee at his place, so I agreed to come along. His toilet was right there just waiting for me to use it, I could have sat on it and taken a nice long pee. But since it wasn't my toilet I needed to wait for my host's permission first; it wouldn't have been polite for me to simply ask him if I could pee. I waited for his permission to go pee, but he never gave it, even after all the guys had gone. So I just crossed my legs and held it while I drained another coffee over lunch".

"So they took you to a toilet knowing you were getting desperate after all that morning coffee. They even gave you another cup of coffee, but they didn't let you pee? Sounds cruel, but I'm glad you resisted the temptation to be impolite and pee without your host's permission. The guys probably expected you to be impolite and take the opportunity to pee without their permission, seeing as the toilet was right there. So I'm sure they were very pleased when you instead held it and returned to work still feeling very unrelieved. I hope the other girls were plenty desperate with you after lunch". Loren shook her head as she pee-danced frantically in her seat.

"I was the only girl at the office who didn't get to pee over her lunch break. All the other girls got to go home and pee. And with no ladies room available I knew I wasn't getting any relief for hours now, but I didn't mind. I was beginning to get turned on feeling all that pee brewing uncomfortably in my poor bladder. The guys even thanked me for toughing it out and holding it for them even when the toilet was right there, which got me thinking. I knew you'd appreciate it if I held it Lee, and showed up to our date in my too-tight skinny jeans, with an uncomfortably full bladder after holding it all day at work. So I decided to volunteer to work a few hours of overtime, just to keep myself from going home to pee before we went out" she concluded with a prideful smile. I nearly cummed right there in my seat!

___

I hope you all enjoyed this. I'm sorry that this part is shorter then part #1. I was originally going to try to conclude this short series in part #2, but I've been having issues with writer's block. I frankly just haven't been liking anything I wrote to continue the series from where part 2 leaves off. So I decided to just post the part I loved, and figure out how to conclude it another day.

*018*2024-12-24 01:19

I'm sorry for the four and a half year hiatus on this story everyone, I know that I haven't been writing much of anything for years now. Changes in my career a few years ago ended up taking up all the free time I would have previously spent writing, and then when I got that free time back it was a lot harder to get back into writing omo stories then I thought.

But on the bright side I've finally managed to complete the next part of this story. It's over 3,400 words long, which is longer than both the two previous parts combined, and it concludes the story of our two main character's very desperate date. Hopefully this is well worth the wait for everyone. 🙂

=====

City Without a Ladies Room - The Very Desperate Date - Part #3

Loren had clearly built up a very strong bladder over all her years of living in a city without a ladies room. She was obviously quite confident in her iron bladder control given her willingness earlier in the day to pass up a badly needed afterwork pee just for me. She could have gone home and peed over 4 and a half hours ago by this point. But instead with a swollen bladder no doubt ready to burst she had willingly held it, and gone out to dinner and the movies with me. But despite her confidence, I knew that even Loren's poor throbbing bladder had its limits, and Loren looked like she was on the verge of having a major accident.

Loren had her legs twisted around like a pretzel; both her hands were firmly jammed into her crotch as she squirmed around frantically in her seat. She looked like a desperate little girl who was probably on the verge of involuntarily breaking the city's strict anti-female public urination laws by drenching her too-tight skinny jeans with 16 and a half hours' worth of boiling hot piss.

Loren's empty 42 ounce (1,242 ml) cup of soda sat to the side. It was the only possible emergency option she had for immediate relief that didn't involve pissing all over the floor or just straight up pissing her pants. But tempting as the option might have been for Loren in her desperate state, I knew she would never do it. Public urination of any kind was illegal for women in the city without a ladies room, and Loren knew the penalties for it were often quite severe. So instead I settled for picturing the mental image of Loren hurriedly ripping her too-tight skinny jeans and panties down to her knees in the still darkened theater. She scoots forward to the edge of her seat. She barely has time to position her empty cup properly before a gushing torrent of dark yellow urine erupts from her bladder in my imagination. I'm sure Loren could have easily filled her empty 42 ounce cup to the brim several times over at this point if she were willing to try in the real world.

But of course we were still out in public on a date, and even though the movie had just ended I certainly didn't want to let Loren go home to pee just yet. While I knew there was a serious chance that Loren would end up peeing her pants if she didn't get to a toilet soon, I didn't care. Loren was a proper lady, and she knew there were no ladies rooms in the entire city. So she knew that she had to keep toughing it out and hold it, even if it was an emergency.

Fortunately for me Loren didn't just have to 'tough it out' when she was out in public with a bursting bladder. The rules also applied in my apartment if I didn't want to let her pee, and I certainly didn't. So I leaned over to Loren, and asked her if she cared to come home to share one last drink with me before we called it a night. I'm sure Loren knew full well that it was very unlikely I'd let her pee at my apartment, especially with her own toilet so close nearby. But Loren was still a proper young lady who dutifully followed the city's etiquette, so she politely nodded in agreement, even as she squirmed around frantically in her seat while grinding her thighs tightly together.

Loren's poor bladder was so painfully overstretched that she could barely walk in her too-tight skinny jeans and high heels, so needless to say the walk back home to our apartment complex was a nightmare for Loren in her very desperate state. It was close to midnight by the time we finally stepped inside the lobby elevator. With her throbbing little pee hole no doubt quivering in exhaustion after being clenched shut for 17 long hours since her last trip to the toilet, I'm sure Loren was extremely tempted to smash the button for her upper floor apartment, and make a mad dash for her toilet as fast as her high heels would let her. But instead she stood off to the side, grinding her thighs together frantically with both her hands shoved deep into her crotch as she waited for the elevator to reach my floor.

As soon as we stepped inside my apartment Loren looked at me expectantly, no doubt hoping in vain that I might be sympathetic enough to allow her to pee, but of course I shook my head.

"I appreciate you being a proper lady for me and holding an already very full bladder from work through dinner and a long movie without complaint. I know you've needed to pee really frigging bad for a while now, but I'm sure that a proper young lady like you can cross her legs and hold her bursting piss-filled bladder for quite a while longer" I told her. Loren nods meekly in acknowledgement as if it's not a big deal if she has to keep holding it in for many hours longer, but her distressed body language clearly says otherwise. She bites her lips anxiously as her eyes glance wistfully at my toilet through the open bathroom door. She looks to be on the verge of peeing her pants, but like a proper lady she still politely refrains from making a mad dash for my toilet.

"It's ok Lee, I know you're thrilled that I've had to hold my pee in for over 17 hours. And I know that the heavier all that boiling hot pee swelling my poor aching bladder gets the more eager you are to make me keep holding my pee in for even longer" she reassured me, all while she bends her knees and grinds her thighs tightly together in a sexy pee dance. Though Loren tried to sound indifferent about it, I could tell by the excitement in her eyes, and the smile on her lips, that she was getting just as turned on by her own desperate situation as I was. She had probably been hoping that I would deny her a much needed pee!

"I'm glad we have an understanding then. Did you at least hope that I might let you pee though?" I asked curiously.

"I did have my hopes up a little bit, that because it's an emergency you might be willing to let me pee, but I can't blame you for not wanting to let me pee in your toilet. I don't like letting girls use my toilet either. I'm a germaphobe, so girls sharing toilet seats just sounds really dirty to me. I don't even let my girlfriends pee in my toilet when they stay the night, not even when they wake up in the morning with a very full 24 hour bladder, of course my girlfriends expect me to follow the same rules when I visit them" she admits sheepishly. "That said, if you change your mind later I'll gladly let you watch me release all that pent up pee in either your bathroom or mine, I'd like to do that very much". I don't think I'd have to tell you that I had a raging boner at this point.

With Loren cruelly denied some much needed relief, all while her poor quivering little pee hole, already exhausted and under a great deal of strain, was about to feel the pressure increase farther as more liquid was added to her heavy load of pent up piss, I led her to my kitchen.

I offer Loren a seat, which she hurriedly takes as she double crosses her legs, eager for anything that will take even a tiny bit of pressure off her bloated bladder. I ask her what kind of drink she'd prefer, to which she says anything non-alcoholic, all while she frantically jams both her fists into her crotch. The mere thought of drinking something else seemed to be making Loren need to pee even more urgently than she already did. I decide to go with non-alcoholic beer, and obviously I grab the largest single serving beer container I had, which happened to be a large 20 ounce can. For folks on the metric system that's nearly 600 ML! Loren's eyes went wide with shock when I placed the already opened can in front of her.

"Ohmigod that's so much beer, and I'm already really struggling to hold it after drinking that huge soda at the movies! Lee are you trying to make me pee my pants?" she asked, she sounded genuinely nervous for the first time tonight.

"If you feel that you really can't hold it in anymore then tell me, and I'll let you pee" I reassured her. "But I'd hope that a young lady like you who's only in her mid-twenties can at least hold her pee in for a few more hours than that. I know that you've been drinking a lot of fluids all day and so now it's an emergency. But city regulations say that even with an excessive amount of fluid intake healthy women your age ought to be able to hold their pee in for at least 24 hours. And you aren't even three quarters of the way there yet" I said, hoping to encourage her. Loren bites her lips anxiously as she glances at the large can of beer, but knowing what's expected of her as a proper lady, she nods sullenly as she raises the drink to her lips and takes a small sip.

The next hour flew by fast for me, but I'm sure it felt painfully slow for Loren in her very desperate state. Loren alternated from seeming to be very close to throwing in the towel and making a mad dash to my toilet, to looking determined to keep on holding it for hours longer. Much as I would have loved to drag the situation out even longer until Loren genuinely couldn't hold it any longer, it was already 1 AM, we were both getting really tired, and we both had to work tomorrow. Plus I knew that Loren's stubborn womanly pride wouldn't allow her to concede defeat. So I decided that it was long past time to bring this night to a close.

So I stood up and offered Loren a hand as I said, "Come on Loren, I think it's time we bring this evening to its conclusion". Loren, still in her too-tight skinny jeans and high heels, was so desperate to pee that she could only manage small baby steps as I led her into my bathroom. Her gaze shifted warily between me and my toilet, which must have looked glorious in her extremely desperate state. I half expected Loren to rip her too-tight skinny jeans down to her knees, slam my toilet seat down, and hurriedly plop herself down on the seat without a second thought.

But Loren was still a proper lady, so even when she was on the verge of peeing her pants right in front of my toilet she still refrained from giving herself some very badly needed relief. Afterall I may have told her earlier that I'd let her pee if she really couldn't hold it anymore, but I hadn't actually given her permission to pee yet. So she looked at me warily, hoping that I would finally grant her permission to pee. But of course she knew full well that I'd be very reluctant to let her pee when I loved making her hold it for as long as possible.

I know it was evil of me, but I stood there in silence staring at Loren, without giving her so much as a nod or other gesture that it was ok for her to pee. I wanted to see what she would do in her state of extreme desperation with the toilet just 2 feet away, but no explicit permission, or denial of permission, for her to use it. I should probably note, there's no laws in the City against women peeing in someone else's toilet without their permission, it's just very heavily frowned upon because most people consider it extremely rude for women to use someone else's toilet without their permission. Hence the only thing making Loren keep holding so much pee in her painfully overstretched bladder for so very long was her own social inhibitions.

Almost 30 seconds stretched out with us just staring at each other before Loren finally spoke up. "Well? Are you giving me permission to pee then or not Lee?" she asked, the impatience obvious in her voice. She knew full well that I was testing her to see if she'd pee without my permission or not. "I won't hold it against you if you don't want me to pee in your toilet" she assured me, "but I can't deny that I'd be really grateful if you did let me pee. My throbbing little pee hole is just burning in exhaustion after holding all that pent up piss back for over 18 hours".

I know that what I'm about to do next is probably the cruelest thing I could do in Loren's mind, but with Loren on the verge of peeing her pants right in front of me I couldn't resist. I'd been needing a good piss ever since the movie ended, and the beer I had drank with Loren was getting very insistent that I do something about it. So I stepped towards the toilet, and told Loren "I've been holding it since the movie ended and I've gotta pee pretty bad after that beer, so I'm going to pee. I know that you need to pee really bad, and you've been waiting to go for a lot longer than me, but be a lady and hold it just a little longer, you can pee as soon as I finish".

Loren squeals in a mix of both delight and distress as she watches me approach the toilet, whip my cock out, and start peeing, all while her own throbbing little pee hole trembled in jealousy and agony at the sight of my relief. But Loren didn't shy away from the sight of my peeing cock, if anything she stared excitedly at it, and I certainly didn't mind. I stared right back at Loren as she held herself with both hands, crossed her legs, and bounced around from foot to foot in a frantic pee dance as she waited for me to finish.

The loud splattering sound of my urine landing in the toilet bowl had to be wreaking havoc on Loren's poor heavily overstretched bladder. Part of me fully expected to see the fabric of Loren's too-tight skinny jeans start darkening noticeably as a trail of piss traveled down her legs and began forming a puddle underneath her feet. But to Loren's credit she managed to hang in there for over 60 agonizingly long seconds, until my bladder finally ran out of urine to expel. Finally I stepped aside and announced "Ok, your turn to pee Loren".

"Ohmigod finally! I've been holding it for so frigging long!" Loren squealed in delight. Loren wasted no time approaching my toilet and slamming the seat down as she fumbled with her too-tight skinny jeans, hurrying to undo their buttons. I watched her struggle with the zipper for a few seconds, but it didn't seem to want to budge. For a split second I imagined Loren looking up at me, pleading for me to help free her from her too tight skinny jeans. But I shake my head and tell her that if she can't undo her jeans then she'll have to keep holding it.

I'm snapped back to reality when Loren finally manages to get her zipper unjammed after a few more seconds. She yanks her still dry skinny jeans & panties down in a hurry and moans in relief. I can see a red outline around the middle of her heavily swollen bladder bulge, showing exactly where her too-tight skinny jeans had been pressing something awful into her poor bladder. "This is going to feel so frigging good" she mutters as she sits down on the toilet seat, and allows the aching muscles in her throbbing little pee hole to finally relax for the first time in 18 long hours. A powerful golden stream of piss immediately erupts from her pussy lips and rushes into the toilet like a waterfall of urine. A look of pure and utter bliss spread across Loren's face. It takes over 4 minutes for Loren's absolute torrent of piss to die down to just a few dribbles, after which she thanked me profusely for allowing her to pee in my toilet.

"I should be thanking you Loren. It's easy to be polite and hold your pee when your bladder is only modestly full. But not many ladies in our toiletless city will choose to continue holding her pee in after her bladder has grown heavy and swollen with over 12 hours of unreleased pee. And yet that's exactly what you did at the start of our date, and with a pair of too-tight skinny jeans on no less, which clearly weren't meant to accommodate a steadily swelling bladder bulge. I thought for sure that you would at least ask if you could run home and pee before we went out to dinner, since I knew that you'd really have to pee bad after an 11 hour shift at work. 

But instead you were polite and didn't even try to ask for a chance to pee! I knew you were dying to piss throughout dinner, you couldn't stop fidgeting in your seat, and you only got more restless as you drained that large glass of soda. But by skipping your chance to pee before dinner you had already missed your only chance to pee before the movie! So now you had no choice but to hold an already really full bladder through a really long movie! So you walked straight from dinner to the movies with the fullest bladder ever, only to have to politely stand there and wait while I peed in the urinal right in front of you! It had to feel so unfair to you that I got to pee, and you didn't!" I pointed out as she grabbed a wad of toilet paper and finished up before flushing.

"Oh I didn't mind you peeing in the urinal at all Lee, I actually kind of enjoyed it specifically because I needed to pee so badly but couldn't, which made it so frigging hot" Loren assures me as she stood up. "These things though," she says pointing to her skinny jeans as she pulls them back up, "I definitely did mind. They're quite comfy at the start of the day with an empty bladder, but the fuller my bladder gets the worse it presses into it until it's just unbearable. They made it SOOO much harder to hold it through that really long movie. I was honestly getting a bit worried towards the end of the film that all that unrelenting pressure it was applying right up against my poor bulging bladder was gonna make me pee my pants before I got home".

"Then why do you wear them?" I asked as Loren went to wash her hands. "Being a girl is tough enough in our toiletless city, there's no need to make it even harder on yourself".

"I know Lee, but I'm one of those girls who's just really competitive about having the biggest bladder in the city. And I like holding it probably as much as you liked watching me hold it" she added with a big grin. "I don't wear them all the time, but skinny jeans are a great training tool specifically because of how much harder they make it to hold a really full bladder".

Loren finished up in the bathroom and I soon walked her back to her apartment. "Thanks for the great evening Loren, I really enjoyed our date tonight. I'd love it if we could get together again sometime" I said.

Loren smiles back. "It was pretty fun, and I was thinking the same thing Lee. Maybe we can get together next weekend? I'll wear looser clothing around my waist so that you can see just how much longer I can hold it for" she suggested. I grinned eagerly and agreed to spend the weekend with her.


