The City Without a Ladies Room - Page 2

Author: FullBladder85

*021*2018-12-30 21:08

{{16 hours ago, Wolfram said:

I wanna see how long Erin can last. I'd love to see her at the end of her limits!

}}

Oh you'll get to see more of Erin getting really desperate and nearing her limits, don't worry.

{{7 hours ago, huberp76 said:

I love your story, it would be great to live in this city and have the opportunity to see every day gils with bulging bladders and desperate to pee!

To your story :

A .

Jeff should take Erin to a restaurant,he make her drink till she tell‘s him that she can’t wait anymore, she has to go home, but he won’t let her, he knows how painfull her urge must be, how her bladder must hurt after holding so much for so long, but he can not get enough from her need, he take her to a bar to make her more, to see how long Erin can last.

She should tell him that she can’t endure it longer, but she should be forced to endure it.

B

Jeff makes Erin drink at the restaurant, he is aroused to see her bladder bulging more and more, he is turned on from to know how long she needs to go and how long she is able to hold it in. He wants more of it, he can not get enough. Jeff take her home and tells her not to pee, tells her to show him how long she can hold it, show him what a girl‘s bladder can endure if it is forced to.

Girls should not pee!

It’s arousing for me to think that Lana had a double shift, no wee for her for extreme long! Ready to burst, but no loo for girls.

}}

Thanks, always love reading your ideas. We'll see what happens with Erin in the next part.

As for Lana, lets just say I hope to explore her entire day farther in a separate chapter. Maybe she had a long double shift... maybe she drank way too much coffee or something at work like Erin... maybe something else happened to her that kept her from peeing for a long while... or maybe some/all of these things happened to her...

{{7 hours ago, peedespes02 said:

This is a very good story here. keep them up.

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it.

{{2 hours ago, peeople said:

I think there are a few lady can not hold pee all day, break the law take a leak public in the city

Policewoman with full bladder catch pissing girl

}}

I'm sure there are, I'm sure I'll write about one of those women who breaks the law soon enough.

Also good point, I never really considered until now how the female police officers would have to deal with catching women in the act of illegally peeing in public while they themselves badly need to pee. It could make for an uncomfortable ride down to the police station having a woman with an empty bladder in the back who just illegally peed a gusher in an alley, while the female cop who arrested her hasn't been able to pee since the early morning.

*023*2018-12-31 05:06

{{2 hours ago, mipmixer said:

The implication of the rules as you laid them out is that if a man has to take a dump he also must hold it all day. Not saying I want you to include that in the story but that seems to be the way it works. Or perhaps this is a universe where nobody poops.

}}

The thought crossed my mind, but I'm not into that sort of stuff, so I intend to just ignore it.

I was trying to cover all my bases when the thought crossed my mind "why pop a squat somewhere outdoors when there's stalls available in the men's room?". We all know there's times in real life when there's long lines for the ladies room when that happens. And I'm sure it'll be an important plot point later if I ever have a girl hurry into the men's room to pee.

*029*2019-01-01 03:54

{{19 hours ago, peeople said:

GirlsShouldNotPee

This is a law. every female adult must abide by the rule

So,in school female teacher female headmaster have no chance to pee allday ,but boys and girls can pee

}}

True, and the women who work in heavily male dominated industries are also in the same kind of boat. All their co-workers head to the men's room multiple times a day, while they're one of the only people in the building who has to hold it all day at work. And then maybe the guys want to invite the only women in the building to group outings right after work, with no time to stop home and pee first.

{{16 hours ago, HitEmAll said:

Wow this story is so hot! I'd love to see the big piss revolt, where in the evening all women with their super-full bladders gather and do a massive mass protest piss, flooding the central square of the city with tens of thousands of liters of piss..

}}

Interesting idea. I imagine the women would want to make sure their bladders were extra full for such a protest to.

I can't say this is an idea I would have ever thought of on my own. But to be honest, I imagine I'd struggle to write such an idea in a good way that would make for an enjoyable story to read. I've been finding I really struggle lately whenever I try to write about multiple people being desperate to pee at once.

{{10 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

The story works so well because of the main protagonist's sheersense of honour! She isn't at all rebellious, and it's fair to assume some women in this city might be. Your heroine believes it really is her duty to hold her pee and what's also really exciting is she seems so submissive on this point and so keen to spend more time with this lucky lucky man, that she's going to endure beyond all sense and reason just to be the perfect lady. A fantasy of mine explored right there. This is awesome, thank you!

}}

Thanks, glad you're enjoying the story and Erin's character so much. There's definitely some rebellious women in the city, I'm sure I'll write about one of them later in the series. A lot of what you say about Erin also sounds about right, I tried to model her as the ideal 'perfect' female citizen in a city with no toilets for women. I thought pairing someone like Erin with a newcomer to the city like Jeff was the best way to introduce the rules behind the city not having any ladies rooms. And of course it's also great to see Erin get desperate to pee as the day goes on, all while insisting to Jeff she's fine with holding it like girls are supposed to in this city.

{{2 hours ago, EmmieChu said:

This is an amazing story so far! I'm really excited to see it continued!

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it.

Also I just wanted to say thanks again to everyone for your posts letting me know you liked the story. I've never had a story get so many replies before that it got a second page.

Also FYI, I've actually been taking the last 2 weeks off of work because of the holidays, & because I had a bunch of vacation days I had to use, which really helped me finish part #2 a lot quicker. But now with the new year and my vacation over I'm going to have less time to work on this. I'll still be making progress on it, just not as fast. I don't have an ETA on the next part as of yet, but I've been hard at work on it.

*034*2019-01-01 22:56

{{7 hours ago, OmoLem said:

Amazing story so far. I love the writing!

One piece of advice though. Try and cut down on characters saying each others' names during dialogue. It's fine in their internal monologue, but in paragraphs like this:

It looks pretty unnatural, but it looks a lot better like this:

Otherwise, great job! You should definitely continue this!

}}

Thanks, and yeah this is something I need to work on. I find myself sometimes doing it as a way of making it clear who's saying what in a conversation, but yeah I can do it too much at times. I tend to also struggle with sometimes being way too wordy when the same thing can be said much more concisely, that's something else I constantly try to work on.

{{5 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Dude! this was simply awesome. I absolutley llve the idea of a woman deliberately waiting and delaying her much needed relief. Cant wait for the next part.. .

}}

Thanks Rexone, also glad to see you again, haven't seen you much since the holding it board disappeared.

{{2 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

You have another fan here too. In fact I would love to have this the other way too where all the men need to hold. Fantastic writing!

}}

Thanks. If you or someone else wants to write a story where all the men have to hold it but the women can pee feel free to. Male desperation isn't really my thing unfortunately. I've occasionally written stuff where a guy can't pee and has to hold it, but only when a girl with them also has to hold it (like a husband & wife on a road trip far from any rest stops).

{{52 minutes ago, Kauen-Stadt said:

Could it potentially be possible to describe some of the women actually getting pleasure from their holds? Because a full bladder pushes on the G-spot and induces sexual pleasure, statistically some or even most would be likely to enjoy it at some level.

}}

Thanks for the suggestion. I've actually been pondering a mention of something like this already in the series, but it didn't really seem to fit anywhere in the story as of yet.

*041*2019-01-06 05:22

{{On 1/2/2019 at 11:46 AM, Melificentfan said:

I am absolutely loving this story

}}

{{On 1/2/2019 at 7:19 PM, randomkath said:

This is so good, I have no words.

}}

Thanks, glad you're both enjoying it.

{{On 1/2/2019 at 2:48 PM, huberp76 said:

I think nearly all of us would love to invite a girl right after work, her bladder full, but no time for her to go home for a much needed wee. We would have time on end for her.

}}

Indeed a lot of us would.

{{On 1/2/2019 at 9:44 PM, peeople said:

GirlsShouldNotPee

How to legitimate this law by the city council

The Legislative Debate must be a good story

}}

Well, Erin kind of explained their reasoning already, using public hygiene as an excuse. Or at least that's what they tell everyone now.

{{On 1/3/2019 at 6:16 AM, Rexone_312 said:

I know, I was taking a break from writing and holding as I was caught up with my studies. I may not be able to write much this year but lets keep our fingers crossed. . .BTW when is the next part coming out?

}}

No idea to be honest, as I said before my end of the year vacation being over will make the next part take longer unfortunately. I'm trying to aim for each part being 4 to 6 pages long, instead of my usual 8+ pages, so that'll help some. The way I write, being too much of a perfectionist at times, I tend to write 3 or 4 bad paragraphs I reject for every 1 good paragraph that makes it into the story. Sometimes my 'bad' paragraphs get improved and reused later though. Parts from the bus scene for example were a part of an earlier unpublished version of this story that had some issues with it, so it's not all wasted effort.

That said, I've honestly been having trouble getting started on the next part. I've got a page worth of content, but I'm not very satisfied with it at the moment.

{{24 minutes ago, peeople said:

Base on some report. INDIAN female alway hold pee all day,because of lack of bathroom

Ladys just take a leak before dawn or after dusk

"TOILET" a film of INDIA. STORY ABOUT THIS SITUATION

}}

I've read about lack of toilets in India and the problems it causes, it's great to fantasize about in stories like mine, but not so pleasant in real life.

