Jamie's desperation

Author: fun_wetter

*000*2025-09-07 22:07

I'm back! Sorry, I have not posted for so long. I just had a really busy few months. Anyway, here's my story

Jamie bounced his leg under the desk, eyes locked on the clock like it was his only lifeline. Thirty-two minutes left of history class. Thirty-two minutes of pure torture. He’d made the mistake of downing an entire water bottle before the bell rang, and now his bladder was staging a full-on protest.

He shifted in his seat, pretending to dig for a pen in his bag so no one would notice the way he was squirming. The teacher droned on about the Industrial Revolution—steam engines, child labor, something about cotton mills—but all Jamie could think about was the nearest bathroom down the hall.

His hand hovered halfway in the air, then dropped. What if she said no? Or worse, what if everyone turned to stare at him? Jamie hated being the center of attention. He tried focusing on his notes, but his handwriting turned into frantic scribbles, like his pen was as anxious as he was.

Twenty-seven minutes.

He bit his lip, squeezed his knees together, and tried to think of anything else—puppies, beaches, math problems. Nothing worked. The urge was like a drumbeat in his stomach, louder and louder.

Finally, he couldn’t take it anymore. His hand shot up. “Can I go to the bathroom?” he blurted, his voice a little more desperate than he’d intended.

The teacher paused mid-sentence and gave him that “Really?” look only teachers have mastered. Then she sighed and waved him off. Jamie practically sprinted out of the classroom, his bag bouncing on his shoulder.

The hallway was blissfully empty as he ran toward the bathroom, his footsteps echoing like a countdown. He burst through the door just in time, heart pounding with both relief and embarrassment.

When Jamie finally walked back into class, everyone was still taking notes. No one even looked up. He sank into his seat, cheeks warm but bladder blissfully empty, and promised himself he’d never drink that much water before class again

