Orange's Game Accident

Author: FarfLord

*000*2020-06-09 03:33

More anthro Pokemon OC writing, this time with a relatively new character of mine, Orange

%https://www.furaffinity.net/view/36647623/

(NSFW, boobs)

###

"Ugh, where IS she?"

Orange grumbled and fidgeted in her seat. She'd put off going to the bathroom to wait for her friend's call, and now that it was several minutes past time for her to get here, she wasn't showing up. This left Orange with a bit of a predicament, growing increasingly full and annoyed with each minute but not wanting to get up lest her friend come back while she was in the bathroom.

Orange didn't exactly have much on, either; even in a video call, she was usually too lazy to put on anything more than what she was already wearing, and her typical outfit around the house amounted to a purplish thong and blue bra. It was comfortable, she'd argue, and it was her apartment, so why should she care? Any company she had over was barely going to complain about the sight, with the kinds of company she kept. Wearing so little on the bottom particularly was a bit annoying now, though. Thongs weren't exactly the most absorbent or largest pieces of clothing to wear, so if she ended up, Arceus forbid, leaking anything, it'd get on her chair pretty quickly.

It was 7:30 PM, a full half an hour after the time they were *supposed* to meet in the call. Orange had just about had it, and so had her bladder. Right when she moved to get up and relieve herself, though, the distinctive jingle of an incoming call rang through her speakers.

"Ugh, damn it!" She reluctantly sat back down in her chair, delaying only a couple more seconds to rub her crotch from the desperation before answering. "Yeah?"

"Hey, Orange! Uh, sorry I was so late..."

"It's whatever, alright? Took you long enough, but let's just start actually playing now," she said, giving her crotch another squeeze. She was pretty grateful that it wasn't a video call today, or her friend would see the desperation written on her face. Too proud and too bored of waiting to just get up and go, she resolved to just... try and hold it until their game was done.

Focusing was difficult but possible and not too noticeably impaired for the first hour, but only a little ways into the second, Orange started to sweat. Her grunting from the exertion of holding it in was starting to subtly pick up on the microphone, and her performance wasn't doing so hot with one of her hands constantly dipping under her desk. Finally, her friend spoke up about it.

"Orange, are you doing alright?"

"Fine! I'm fine! Guess I'm just, er... tired?" She scrambled in her brain for an excuse, but her thought process felt like it was filling with water the same way her bladder was.

"Tired? We can call it a day here, I guess, if you need to take a nap."

"No, no, I don't need a nap, I just- fuck!" She shouted out and then grit her teeth. A small spray of piss leaked into her thong, quickly saturating the material. Any more was going to get on her chair...

"Alright, seriously, what's wrong, Orange? You don't sound tired."

"Grrr... fine, alright? I held it too long before you got here, and you were so late that I didn't want to go to the bathroom in case you got back, and now I'm about to piss myself!" Orange's hands were jammed deep in her crotch while she spoke, but another spurt dampened her hands.

"Um. S-Sorry? Just go, Orange, it's really not that big of a deal..."

Orange tried to stand up, but her bladder weighed her down like a lead ball, and trying to push herself off the chair made her spray in her panties again, the liquid beginning to drip down from her crotch.

"Shit, shit, shit... I don't think I can stand up!" The game was thorougly forgotten at this point, with both of their attentions focused entirely on the pressing issue of Orange's bladder.

"Well, uh... well... I don't know what to tell you, then."

"Gee, thanks for the advice! Super helpful! Nnh!" The largest leak so far poured forth from her, lasting a couple seconds and leaving a small, but still notable puddle dripping off her chair. "I can't... fucking hold it!"

Orange grit her teeth, knowing that no matter what she did, she was about to completely piss her panties. With great effort, she pushed herself up off her chair. The shifting of her weight left her dam all but broken, pee coming out in erratically timed bursts, which quickly became a slow, constant trickle that left a trail on the carpet as she staggered to the toilet.

Even with this desperate move, it was just too late and her bladder was just too tired. Halfway out of the door to her room, Orange's knees buckled, and she collapsed onto them. Unable to control herself anymore, piss poured out of her body at full force. A large, dark puddle began to grow between her legs as she involuntarily relieved herself all over the floor and into her thoroughly soaked thong. She couldn't even attempt to move her thong out of the stream, too overwhelmed by the feeling of relief, as well as the anger at losing control.

Just over a minute after losing control, her stream began to taper off. She fell forward onto the carpet, lying down with her legs soaking in a pool of her own urine, panting from the exhaustion and relief.

"Ugh, damn it, this is embarrassing... it's getting cold." She sighed, finally picking herself back up to a standing position. Piss had soaked into her white fur, staining it yellow and occasionally dripping onto the carpet as she walked slowly back to her computer.

"Didn't make it?"

"Didn't make it. Listen, I've... gotta go. We can play another time." She sighed and hung up the call before her friend's reply. She had a mess to clean up, as much as she hated cleaning, and a shower to take.

