Belle's Longest School Day

Author: FUBOT

*000*2021-06-21 23:44

This is loosely based on a request. I started writing it, and realized I got a little off the path. But I plan to veer back into what was originally asked for. Diapers are mentioned in this story, but per the request this is not a story about using a diaper.

###

Part 1: The Long Walk

Desperation, Humiliation

Belle looked yawned as she looked through her dresser drawers for socks to wear to school. She hated her school’s red plaid skirt uniform, and as a senior she felt ridiculous being forced to dress like some old man’s fetish. But at least it meant she didn’t have to think as much about her wardrobe. She looked over her different socks, and realized she didn’t have any white socks left. All of her remaining socks were colorful affairs, like rainbows or purple kittens. She couldn’t wear those to school without getting ripped to shreds if a member of the faculty noticed. Some seniors got away with a more lax dress code, but previous incidents at school meant she was always in the spotlight.

She could hear her father running around downstairs, probably making himself coffee. She could ask if he had any extra socks, but she would look like a clown wearing socks several sizes too large. She reached for her phone on top of the dresser and sent a text to her friend, Tiffany.

Hey, no socks for school. What do I do?

She sent the message and backed up to sit on her bed.

“Hey,” Her dad called up from downstairs, “You almost ready for school? Want me to make some breakfast?”

She didn’t feel like having a morning chat before school, so she just replied, “No dad, thanks!”

“Okay!”

Her phone chimed, and she looked at Tiffany’s message. Dang girl, do your laundry or somethin.

Belle scoffed, and replied. Late for that, ya think?

Tiffany was already replying, Belle could just tell. Her friend was an asshole when she knew she could get away with it.

Another chime, another message. Ooo, do the tights!

A few months ago when they were shopping, Tiffany made Belle buy some white tights. She tried them on, and they looked fantastic on her, they were super snug as well. But since then Belle never actually wore them to school, even though technically tights were allowed. So now Tiffany took every chance to try to get to her to wear them. If she didn’t know better, she would have guessed Tiffany snuck in and got rid of all her white socks just to make this happen.

There was a knock at the door, and Belle sat up.

“You decent?” Her dad asked, “can I come in?”

She still had her pajamas on. “Yeah, come on in.”

The door opened and her dad peeked in, looking back and forth as if he was going to find something to run from. He was scruffy, barely taller than her, but not the kind of dad she saw her classmates complaining about. He genuinely tried.

“Your package is here,” he said, pulling out a brown unmarked box from behind the door and putting it up on her dresser.

The box didn’t have any distinguishing marks, but she knew exactly what it was. The top was already cut open, and there was a plastic pocket on the side with their shipping information and a discreet invoice.

Belle blushed, got up, and walked over to the dresser to check as he opened the top.

“I counted them and checked the label,” her dad said, “they didn’t make any goofy mistakes this time. Should be the right size, and not so crinkly.”

They were diapers. He was avoiding the word, but that was exactly what they were. Incontinence diapers, the sort she had worn for about four years. She was known for her weak bladder all throughout school, but after some incidents early on in high school it only got worse. It was embarrassing, but it was either this or risk pissing herself in the hall like sophomore year, the last time she thought she was growing out of it. No one but a teacher saw her then, but Belle knew, and she wouldn’t forget.

“You gonna be okay, Tinker Bell?” Dad asked, “You want me to help?”

She turned red, “Ew dad, no! I can put it on just fine.”

He put his hands up in surrender, “Okay, okay. I know you don’t want to hear it, but it isn’t like your old man hasn’t been changing diapers since the start.”

Belle sighed, “I know. Thanks for asking, but I’ve got it. Now, I really gotta get ready or I’mma be late.”

He put a hand on her head and tussled her hair around, smiled, and then left.

Belle heard another chime on her phone and pulled it up.

Tiffany sent another message. You gonna do it?

The tights, she almost forgot. She needed to try those on, see if they still fit. She would try them without the diaper first, then undress and put everything together. She closed the door and stripped down.

She stood in front of her body length mirror, nude. Belle was at the right point where she felt great about how she looked. Her hair was manageable when she got the time to comb it out, she noticed people watching her curves at school, and her new uniform fit great. She made a few playful poses in the mirror, hands on hips, sizzling finger to her bottom, and then laughed at herself before pulling out the tights. She bunched them up and then slid them on. They were snug, but not in a bad way. Once they got to her hips, they had just enough elasticity that she was sure everything was going to go together just fine. The white was weird to her when she first thought of getting them, but maybe it would look good with the red of the uniform.

After she had them pulled all the way up, she appreciated herself again, then frowned. All of this was going to be ruined by her… additional safety precautions. The diaper was going to make everything bulge a bit, she just knew it. Without that though, the whole outfit probably looked amazing!

To confirm just that, Belle tossed on a bra and then her uniform top. It looked good, but that didn’t have the deep red yet, so she put on the skirt as well. It looked great, the red plaid going right to the pale white of the tights had to be some kind of aesthetic trick because it brought a smile to her face. She put on the tie that was part of the top, and it all came together.

Her phone chimed, and Belle snatched it off the bed. Another message from Tiffany. Well?

Belle turned around and snapped a picture of herself in the mirror and then sent it to Tiffany.

The turn around was quick. Tiffany sent back a heart. That looks amazing. Aren’t you usually walking by now?

Belle looked at the time. Tiffany was right, she usually was already out the door by this point. If she didn’t leave she was going to be late. She ran and tossed on her shoes, grabbed her bag, and then took one last look at herself in the mirror. She really did look amazing, hopefully an outfit this good would lead to a good day at school.

She ran out the door and down the steps, not realizing that the diaper she was supposed to put on for the day was still sitting on the dresser.

On the way out the front door she found a small paper bag with a note on it. It was from dad.

‘Tinker Bell, hope you have a great day. I packed you a sandwich and something to drink, since you seemed real busy upstairs. Don’t be late. - Love, Your Old Man.’

Belle shook her head and took the bag, and then dashed out the door.

She always enjoyed the walk to school. It wasn’t long and it passed by a long park in the middle of town. The road alongside the park was narrow, so not many people took in the morning for fear of a possible traffic jam if everyone took it at once. It meant she was usually clear to just enjoy the breeze on her bare legs, blowing her skirt around while the sun beamed down on her hair.

After a previous accident where she wore her diaper on the walk to school and was met with a very blustery day, she started to walk to school without it on and then she would put it on once she made it to school. It meant there was no chance some peeping tom or creeper would catch an eye-full of more than he bargained for. It had the side benefit of just feeling good. She could feel the wind blowing over her skin, even right against her most secret places. It was delightful, ticklish sometimes, and always relaxing.

Despite her bladder problems, she never had an issue getting all the way to school before she had to go. Her bladder usually didn’t wake up until between 1st and 2nd period. Though Belle realized she didn’t take a morning trip to the bathroom today. She wasn’t concerned, it just meant that she would have to jump in the bathroom before she got changed. There weren’t really any good toilets on the walk to school, unless she wanted to be late and run deep into the park to use a port-o-john. There was no way she would ever make that mistake again. Those plastic hellholes were the equivalent of standing in someone else’s septic tank in order to do your business. She would just hold it.

She rubbed just below her stomach, but her smile didn’t diminish. The sun was still shining, and the wind was still blowing, this was still good. She imagined how many minutes she had left to school, and it was probably somewhere around 15. Not terrible, she could just countdown. So she started to count in her head, sing-songy seconds that matched the pace of her steps. The school was straight ahead, all she had to do was walk this road, cross a street, walk a bit further, and then she would be outside the gates.

But as she continued to count, it felt like the trip was taking forever. She could feel her muscles tensing between her legs, and that was never a good sign. For anyone else that might have been the start of the battle, but for Belle she just couldn’t hold it for long. If it became a desperate situation, she was going to ruin her beautiful white tights before anyone got a chance to see them.

Her breathing was getting heavier. She wanted to stay in good spirits, but now she felt foolish about taking so long to get ready that she didn’t even use the bathroom on the way out the door.

A pinch of tension went through her body, and Belle realized that to avoid all risks she was going to have to find somewhere to stop.

That was easier said. This far along the road the only businesses were small shops that weren’t even open yet, and beyond that more suburbs. Unless she thought someone was going to just open their door to a stranger to let them come in and take a piss, she was screwed on that front. She didn’t want to squat around back of one of the small businesses, she knew what those alleyways looked like. They were connected to a side street that people used all the time to get around going to the main road. There wasn’t a lot of cover, and there were more than a few security cameras. She could save herself some time and record herself peeing and upload it to youtube, because that is where she would end up if she took a whizz back there.

Instead she kept walking. There were other possibilities further along. There was always the chance the urge would subside. She didn’t drink a whole lot, she was a big girl, an adult by all means! The idea that she couldn’t hold it for a short walk to school was humiliating. All she had to do was take it one step at a time, and ignore the weight in her bladder, the desperate tension in her pelvic floor muscles, that growing dread crawling up her back. She was fine. This was a walk she had completed a few hundred times before. She knew how long it took, and she knew if she could make it.

A chill went through her, and her thighs squeezed against each other. She couldn’t make it.

Belle looked one way and then the other. She couldn’t see any other classmates yet. Once she got closer they would be all over the place, but for now she could see two girls far enough ahead of her that they were just two vague shapes.

To her right were more businesses, mostly closed or small offices. To her left she could see the wide open greenery of the park. The grass was dancing with the wind, the glare from the sun rippling along the green blades. It was beautiful, but mostly open. There were trees, and sometimes there were bushes, but it was all sparse. Chances were the city was tired of people sneaking around the park at night, so they made it easy to spot someone wandering around when they weren’t supposed to be. But it also meant there was absolutely nowhere to drop her tights and just go pee.

Actually, when Belle thought about it, that was probably also by design.

But she couldn’t think about urban planning. She needed to find a place to wee. She was still walking as she scanned the park from left to right. Her steps were getting smaller, and she could feel herself starting to sweat out of panic. This was turning into a nightmare, and during her favorite time of day!

Her muscles were getting tired. She didn’t know how much longer she could last, but it wasn’t long enough to make it to school.

Then she spotted it. There was a larger bush, with another bush right next to it. They made a sort of acute angle, and there was a trash can shoved in there. It was definitely meant as a safe spot to leave out a chained down trash can, but it also created a little alcove of brush that was hopefully going to be her toilet.

Belle felt a knot in her stomach as she questioned veering off the sidewalk to go to the bushes. What if someone saw her? Would she even make it all the way to the bush? She had to try, she had to squeeze her muscles and do her best. If she pissed in her white tights before she even made it to school, her life was over. She couldn’t even just toss the tights, she didn’t have socks to wear and would just get in trouble eventually.

Belle shook her head, shoved a hand tight against herself, and dashed off the sidewalk and into the park. It wasn’t far to the bushes. They weren’t right along the sidewalk, but it was far enough away that she didn’t think anyone would be able to see her from the sidewalk if someone passed by. She tried to take hurried steps, but her body was protesting. Each step jostled her whole body, sent pangs of alarm from her bladder, and everything threatened to come pouring out at once. But she could see her destination. It was actually kind of clean, a wrapper on the ground was the worst of it. The closest other person was a couple of old men a fair bit away walking a dog.

She could make it, she could make it! Her bladder was screaming for release, and her thighs were feeling sweaty enough that she wasn’t 100% sure she hadn’t leaked a little already.

When she was close enough to touch the trash can she took one last look around, no one was at an angle where they could see her. She started to rip down her tights before she was even safely behind the brush. She squeezed behind the large metal can, into a space clearly built specifically to be too small for anyone to squeeze in there. But touching a few leaves weren’t going to stop her from staying dry!

Her legs were trembling by the time she could actually squat, and the first dribbles hit the dirt while she was still getting into position. When she got into a squat the faucet turned on and let loose a warm and soothing shot against the ground. Belle’s cheeks flushed as the hiss of her urine drowned out everything else around her. She made it, but just barely. Even seconds more and her tights were toast.

“Damned bladder,” Belle whispered while looking down at her own lower lips and the stream jetting forth, “why can’t you just be normal? Why can’t you just let me go on long walks, or go on field trips, or join sports teams! Damn it.”

She heard padding steps, and she cut off her flow. But her muscles were so weak, so tired, that she immediately began to leak small dribbles again before she even attempted to pull up her tights.

“No, shoot, come on,” Belle whispered to no one as she tried to push herself further behind the trash while squirming around in a squat position.

A small lab puppy came bounding around the bushes, tongue out and excited to see her. It sniffed at the air, and strained against its extending collar to try to move closer.

“No, shoo doggy! Go!” She said, making a slapping motion in the dog’s direction to get it to go.

But the puppy didn’t listen, and as Belle feared an old man’s head peeked around the corner.

“What you see there, Duke?” The old man said, then his eyes went wide when he spotted Belle. “Oh my!”

Belle squeaked as the old grandpa pulled back out of sight and pulled at Duke’s leash.

“Come on, leave her alone you silly dog,” He said in a whispered tone.

Duke took a last sniff at the ground where her pee trail ended, and then went back with his owner.

Belle let out a sad sob, and put her head in her hands. She still had to go to school after this. But at least she was dry. She didn’t know this old man, her reputation wouldn’t suffer for this.

She shook herself dry as best she could, and then pulled up her tights and ran from the bushes back toward the sidewalk.

*004*2021-07-02 20:07

Got caught under the heat dome. No way I was writing anything while it was 30 degrees too hot every day. Anyway, here goes chapter 2!

Belle's Longest School Day

Part 2: Long Equation Problem

Desperation, Humiliation, Accident

Up ahead she could see more students loitering around the front of the school. The outer wall was old and made of brown stone, and before the first warning bell rang it was common for people to sit right outside and chit chat. Belle didn’t have that luxury today. She usually arrived a little early so she could be prepared for the day, and now her detour meant she was going to get there just in time for the warning bell.

The sidewalk came to a corner right across from the school, and a brunette girl with her hair tied back in two large French braids came around the corner.

Belle smiled and waved, “Tiffany!”

Tiffany noticed her right away, and motioned for her to come catch up. As Belle got closer, Tiffany tilted her head back and looked Belle up and down with a smug expression. She let out a cat-call whistle, and Belle rolled her eyes.

“Dang girl,” Tiffany said, “I knew those tights would look good with the uniform, you can thank me anytime.”

Belle shook her head, “Okay, thanks. But really, I almost ruined them on the way over here.”

They crossed the street when it was clear. Tiffany looked at Belle with a raised eyebrow, a small touch of worry behind her confusion.

“What happened?” Tiffany asked.

There were a pair of girls right in front of the school’s sign, a bronze plaque for ‘Tina L. Comet High School’, and as Belle and Tiffany walked past they gave the girls a long stare. It wasn’t anything that Belle wasn’t used to. Her reputation at the school was mixed. Her grades were excellent, she was a top student, but everyone knew there was something a little off about her, and rumors were everywhere. One month she was a lesbian, and the next rumor was she had some debilitating disease. None of it ever made sense, or got close to her real secret.

“One second,” Belle said, shooting a glance at the girls they were passing by. Tiffany rolled her eyes, but kept quiet as they walked into the courtyard and got some distance from anyone that might overhear.

Belle leaned in, and whispered to Tiffany, “I had to stop and go in a bush on the way here. I forgot to go before I left home.”

Tiffany’s eyes went wide, “Oh, gross!”

Belle blushed, and Tiffany reconsidered her reaction.

“I mean, I’m sorry for you girl. But sounds like you made it okay.”

Belle sighed, “Yeah. But now I just want to run to the bathroom and get ready for the day.”

Tiffany nodded, “I’ll come with you. One at the end of the hall?”

There was a small bathroom that Belle liked to change in. It was really just one stall, so it had an internal lock. It was far out of the way of anything, so she could really only make it there in the mornings before classes. Still, it was a peaceful place where she could get changed into her diaper after her usually peaceful morning walks. Today she really needed that little bit of security, in case she was caught out.

Belle nodded. She lead the way into the school, and they walked past many different students heading here and there. When they got to a long hallway, they turned against the traffic that was mostly heading toward the center of the school, and headed down to a dead end. There, behind a vending machine, was a blue door labeled ‘restroom’.

They both went through, and were greeted with a tiny tiled bathroom with one sink on the left and one stall on the right. There was a small awning window so high up that Belle couldn’t close it if she wanted to. But the bathroom was usually muggy this time of year, so she wasn’t even thinking about that.

Tiffany turned and locked the door when they got in. “Be quick.”

Belle blushed at the realization of how normal this was for Tiffany as her friend. Somehow she roped Tiffany into hearing about her silly problem, and Tiffany was the only student who knew what she wore under her skirt. She didn’t trust anyone else with that information, and it wasn’t like Tiffany was her only friend at school.

Belle went into the stall and put her bag down on top of the toilet. She unzipped it, and dug around inside. Her fingers ran over her books, some notebooks, a pencil box, some personal items, but she couldn’t find what she was looking for. She paused, and then dug around a little more. A deep dread flowed down her chest and settled in her stomach. Belle pulled the bag open with both hands and peered inside, then started to toss her books back and forth to look. Then she pulled them out one by one and stacked them on the floor.

“AAAAGH!” Belle shouted.

“You okay in there?” Tiffany asked after a pause.

“No,” Belle sobbed, “I… I think I left it at home.”

“You did what,” Tiffany whispered aggressively.

Belle opened the stall door and walked out, “It isn’t in my bag. I forgot to put one in from my new case.”

“Okay,” Tiffany said, turning from the bathroom door to face Belle, “we’ll figure something out. Maybe we can go ask your dad to-”

The warning bell rang. They didn’t have long to get to their first class now. Actually, from this out of the way bathroom, Belle was going to be late if she didn’t leave right away.

“I’ll be okay for one class,” Belle said as she grabbed her bag, “don’t worry about me. I’ll try to call my dad between classes.”

Tiffany didn’t seem as sure, but with the bell ringing out in the hall they have a choice to sit around and argue about it. Both girls grabbed their bags and went out into the hall.

“See you at lunch then,” Tiffany said, throwing up a peace sign as she split from Belle and headed upstairs.

Belle waved goodbye to her, smiling as Tiffany vanished from sight. As soon as Tiffany was out of sight, Belle’s smile faded into a frown. She could only fake confidence for so long. She was going to have to go a full day without any protection, and that thought was already nagging at the back of her head. After her incident on the way to school, it was hard to imagine the day going well.

Her first class of the day was Mrs. Greenblatt, Calculus. Belle barely understood Calculus, and she understood Mrs. Greenblatt even less. Usually the class was uneventful though, with Belle just taking the best notes she could and hoping to get an okay grade on tests. Today didn’t have to be any different. She didn’t do any excessive drinking, and usually she would use the bathroom between Calculus and English. If her body would behave, for once, everything would be fine.

Belle took a deep breath and headed for class. The classroom was typical, the board already had the teacher’s laptop projected to the board where there was a mess of equations already written up there to work on. They were supposed to come in, take out their notes, and then solve some simple questions before class even started.

Belle looked for a seat near the back of class. She usually sat close to the front, but today she didn’t want to be called on, and she didn’t want to talk to anyone. She just wanted to wait out the clock and she could figure out a solution to her undergarment problems between classes.

A desk was open near the back corner, and Belle walked a straight path there. She sat down and tried to get comfortable before the belle started class officially. Mrs. Greenblatt, a tall brown haired woman with thick glasses, was writing notes in a notebook in front of her laptop at the front. If it was like any other day of class, Mrs. Greenblatt wasn’t even going to look at any of them until the bell rang.

A young looking guy with black hair came and sat down in the desk next to Belle. She sat up slightly as he did. She didn’t expect someone to choose to come sit next to her. The boy, and she didn’t know his name, didn’t seem to even notice that he did it. He slumped into his seat, and let out a huff of exhaustion before realizing he had to answer some questions before class started. Like Belle, he got out a piece of paper and started to fill out the easy pre-class work.

Having someone sitting that close to Belle was an unfortunate reminder that she wasn’t actually wearing any panties. It didn’t really matter, since she was wearing tights. Still, in her mind, she felt strange. Despite her walks to school with no undies on, she didn’t see herself as an exhibitionist. She didn’t get any kind of sexual thrill off of not anything on the walk to school. It was just… refreshing, especially since she spent most of her days taped into a diaper. It was the only time of day she could walk around without fear of the crinkling and shifting protection she had to wear.

Now she had to spend a whole day in that exposed state. Belle looked over at the boy, and she saw him glance back out of the corner of his eye. She looked away, and focused on her own work. She finished just in time, though she wasn’t sure how much of it was right.

Mrs. Greenblatt began her lesson, “Okay everyone, I hope you have everything up here down, because after I review the answers, I’m going to jump right into the next section, and that is the hard part.”

As the teacher went over the answers, Belle realized that she did not, in fact, have it down. She got all of the practice questions wrong. She let out a groan of frustration, but she was so far back in the class that Mrs. Greenblatt either didn’t care or didn’t hear her, and moved on. They were thrown right into a new set of equations, and Belle pulled out her notebook to take more notes, while occasionally glancing at her practice questions to figure out where she went wrong.

She felt tense, and a little stupid. She was bouncing between looking at her desk, Mrs. Greenblatt, and the board, all the while tapping her foot to keep herself focused on her work. Something was making her feel extra stressed, extra pent up.

Belle gasped as she realized, she had to pee. It wasn’t some sudden urgency, but it was unexpected. On any typical day, she didn’t even think of going to the bathroom yet, but today everything was all wrong. Her bladder was up and overactive.

She squeezed her thighs as a sort of self-check. There was a dull ache below her stomach. She definitely had to go, her bladder was slowly filling even as she sat there trying to look at stupid math problems that looked like someone spilled a bunch of extra ink on the page. But she had already been taking notes for some time, there was always the possibility class was almost over. Maybe her bladder was just set ahead a little, and she would be fine.

Belle looked at the clock, she had 10 minutes of class left.

A bead of sweat slid down Belle’s back. Ten minutes wasn’t bad, it wasn’t the worst, but thinking about it right then it sounded like an eternity. Belle pressed herself down in her seat, but she couldn’t get comfortable in the hard plastic. There was no way to really press herself against the hard and clammy material.

That was part of what she hated about school, the chairs. It didn’t matter what classroom, all of the seats were uncomfortable. Whenever she did feel an urge to go to the bathroom, she was stuck sitting in uncomfortable seats that seemed designed as a torture device to keep prisoners awake. Maybe that was just her, but it held true in Mrs. Greenblatt’s classroom. Since she couldn’t get comfortable, all she could do is occasionally shift her rear in her seat to try to find a better position.

For a moment she worried about her tights. They weren’t some thick material meant to take a beating. If she kept dancing around too much, it was possible she could run a hole in them! That worry was just one more thing to pile on her plate. It was one more thought to keep her away from thinking about the real problem. If she didn’t keep up her defenses, she was going to leak right there in class!

She looked at the clock again, and only a minute had passed.

Belle tried to look at it all logically. She just used the bathroom out in the park. When she got to school she had no urge to go at all. She didn’t have anything to drink in the morning so it wasn’t like she was filled to the brim with water. She didn’t have to pee, there was no way she really had to go. This was a false positive, a problem that she had all the time. If she went to the bathroom she would be welcomed by a few drips, maybe a short stream, and then she would wonder what all the worry was for.

Belle slid from her right cheek to her left, her knees rubbing against each other. She had to wonder what happened if she was wrong. It wasn’t like she could just sit in her chair and relax all of her muscles. She had to keep everything tense, because even a little leak would be humiliating. She started tapping her pencil on her desk, and her eyes continuously snapped between Mrs. Greenblatt and the clock.

“Hey,” The boy next to Belle whispered.

A small snap of alarm went through her body, and she squeezed her thighs together as she turned away from the teacher to look at him.

“You okay?” He asked, an eyebrow raised just enough that it destroyed the illusion of complete apathy that he had before.

Belle bit her lip as she felt a small tinge of pressure rise up. “Oh yeah, I’m fine just… surprise how hard some of this stuff is, you know. I should have taken better notes.”

Her face was warm. She tried to sit still while he still looked at her, but a sudden tremble through her muscles made her shift her hips in her seat. She played it off by moving to leaning on her elbow as if to pay more attention to him.

The boy nodded, and then went back to paying attention to his own desk, and Belle almost let out a loud sigh of relief.

“Please pay attention back there you two,” Mrs. Greenblatt said from the front.

Belle turned forward again, her heart thumping in her chest as she saw the teacher looking between them. Belle didn’t want to get in trouble, not today. She was a good student, and she was struggling with this class enough that she didn’t need to lose Mrs. Greenblatt’s faith as well.

“Of course, sorry!” Belle said with a smile. Mrs. Greenblatt went back to work explaining the concepts from the practice lessons and the chapter ahead.

Belle felt a sudden urge hit her, and for a moment she really worried that she would leak a little. Her thighs tensed up and she leaned forward in her seat just a little. If she let out even a drop, it was going to stain her nice white tights. If she let out anything more than a drop, then she was going to leave a little puddle for anyone to see once she got up to leave class. She had to hold in everything, she couldn’t let her stupid overactive bladder ruin her life!

She fought off that wave, but she realized she was truly desperate now. There was an option she didn’t want to use, but now it was possibly her only choice. She could ask Mrs. Greenblatt for a chance to use the bathroom. Mrs. Greenblatt was usually pretty lenient, and Belle knew exactly how every teacher felt about bathroom visits. But today was an important class day, so that was a chance that she might be denied.

Another wave of desperation came along, and Belle sat up straight as she snuck her right hand under her desk to press between her legs. She pressed her skirt and the tights into herself, that soft white fabric squeezing on her womanly hole in a last ditch effort to keep everything contained. Her eyes were watering, she was on the edge of tears.

“Psst,” hissed the boy next to her, “Hey.”

Belle snapped out of her concentration and pulled her supportive hand out from between her thighs. When she looked over he was holding a small stack of papers out for her, while looking away. She didn’t know what they were, so she grabbed them and put them on her desk to take a look. They were math notes, his math notes. It seemed that he took rather extensive notes, and thought Belle could use a little help.

She peeked in his direction, and he shot her a glance out the corner of his eyes. She gave him a nervous smile and a thumbs up, then turned back to the lesson. He must have believed her little lie that she was nervous about class. She didn’t expect him to be that helpful, especially since they never talked before. Looking at the notes, they really would help her.

Unfortunately, the only way she could pretend that his notes were the solution to her problems would be if she waited out the last five minutes of class without so much fidgeting. Which she would have loved to do, if she wasn’t on the edge of filling her seat and more.

Belle bit her lip as she tried to go back to concentrating on class. The teacher was spilling out concepts nonstop, writing new ideas and elaborations on old ideas. Belle wanted to concentrate on taking notes, but every moment was filled with small pinpricks of pressure below the waist. She felt like her bladder was a sheet of ice holding back a flood, and everything was slowly coming to room temperature.

She squeezed her thighs against each other and leaned forward, then thought about the boy and tried to sit back up again. She could last, if only to make sure his gift wasn’t in vain. She only had a few more minutes, she was sure.

Belle looked up at the clock again, and saw that only a minute had passed. There was no way she would make it, she was going to leak!

Belle’s hand shot up into the air and held there. When Mrs. Greenblatt didn’t immediately notice, she waggled it back and forth in a desperate attempt to get the teacher to notice her.

“Yes, Belle?” Mrs. Greenblatt said in a slow and even tone.

“Ma’am, I know class is almost over, but can I please run to the restroom?” Belle blurted out too fast and too loud. Her face immediately went crimson as she realized everyone in the class was turning back to look at her. A round of giggles came from several classmates, but she was beyond the point where she wanted to negotiate. She could already imagine the process of trying to be vague, and Greenblatt denying her.

Mrs. Greenblatt started to look at the clock on the wall, but Belle waved her hand in the air again and added, “Please, it is an emergency.”

The teacher looked at her with focused eyes for a moment, swallowed, but then her expression swallowed. Belle liked to imagine that Mrs. Greenblatt had some past experiences of her own, and that was why she was so lenient. She was also the teacher most likely to ‘step out of the classroom’ during tests and reading, and Belle imagined Mrs. Greenblatt used those as a chance for potty breaks.

“Go ahead,” Mrs. Greenblatt said, “no running though.”

Belle let out a sigh of relief and pulled herself out of her seat. She tightened up every muscle against the small torrent she wanted to unleash, and then walked up the rows of seats. She couldn’t hold herself while walking through class, she would never live it down. This was already bad enough! Everyone was watching her, judging her, and she could feel her eyes welling up with tears. Mrs. Greenblatt had a pass held out for her when she got to the front, and Belle grabbed it and stepped out of the classroom.

Nearest bathroom was down the hall to her left, along the right side, not far. She took enough steps to get out of sight of her class, and changed her assessment. She really was on the edge of letting everything loose. She took a few more steps and a jolt through her bladder made it spasm. She gasped and a hand shot between her legs to hold herself. Everything between her legs felt far too warm, and a little damp. This was her worst day all over again, except if she lost it now then waves of students were going to come spilling out into the hall any minute.

“Come on,” Belle whispered to herself, “you’ve got this Belle, you’ve got this.”

Someone was coming down the hall from the opposite end of her. She could hear their footsteps approaching. She pulled her hand free and stood up. It seemed like the guy didn’t really notice her until she stood, and while she gave them a nervous smile and a chuckle, the guy just raised an eyebrow at her and kept walking. He kept watching her even as he walked past. Belle didn’t dare take a step without a hand pressed into her crotch to support her, so she just stood there, all of her muscles tight.

The boy turned and walked normally, and Belle let out a sigh of relief.

Then she felt a small warm squirt release.

“Oh shit, no,” She hissed as her hand shot back between her legs. She bent forward and held on tight, and it seemed like she had it contained for a moment. She couldn’t feel anything different on her hand, so hopefully her tights absorbed it just fine. But she didn’t want that to happen either! Her new white tights, she didn’t want to ruin them. She had to hurry to the bathroom.

She kept going forward, bent forward, hand squeezed in the vice grip of her thighs. She could see the bathroom on the right, just past a vending machine. She was right there, so close. She crossed from the left side of the hall to the right, taking small rapid steps.

As her hand reached for the door a new wave of pressure squeezed at her bladder, and Belle let out a small squeak of panic. She held on tight, but even then she felt another small burst escape her, she even felt it on her hand as a spreading warmth. She was really leaking now, this was her limit, and only one class after she already peed in the park!

“No, no, no, not now, not in the tights please,” Belle sobbed as she pushed through the door.

This close to the bell, the bathroom was empty. All she had to do was make it to the closest stall. She hobbled over there, squeezing with all her might to keep everything contained. She pushed the stall door open and could see her destination, a mostly pristine toilet.

Her body had to know that relief was here, because her muscles began to falter. No sooner than she felt relief at the sight of the can, a shiver went up her spine and her muscles began to release. She locked in place, trying to keep everything contained so she could make the last few steps, but no matter how many times her left leg was twisted over the right, her sphincters were through, and a long hiss echoed in the small bathroom’s tiled acoustics.

“Ah!” Belle gasped as she felt the sudden heat and heard the first trickles on the tile floor.

A real tear rolled down her face as she wobbled in place right in front of the toilet, trying to get enough strength to at least release her legs and turn around. She grimaced as another jet released, this one not absorbed by her tights at all, just a splatter along the tile.

Belle whipped down the soggy tights now, and turned toward the toilet. Her body responded with a spray that kind of made it into the toilet before she got over the water and released into the bowl. She collapsed onto the seat and let out a sigh as the last of her bladder spilled out. Her body trembled, it was an insane relief to let the last of it go after trying to hold it so hard.

Then she heard the bell ring, and realized that she was in the bathroom with the stall door open and a clear splatter of urine on the tile right in front of her. She kicked the stall door closed, and then lowered her head in shame.

She didn’t even have much more pee to let out. There wasn’t much in her, just like she thought. It just refused to be contained. Why her bladder was being so temperamental today, Belle didn’t know. But it was going to be the death of her.

