Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 6

Author: Fuchsa9073

*130*2022-08-21 20:41

Grace nervously looked at her peers as they stood on the stage at the front of the crowded auditorium. Ten students each tried to shift their bodies so the bulge of their diapers wasn't so obvious. Grace and Jenny were each visibly fidgeting as they tried to keep their pants dry. Poor Maria sobbed as she stood before the entire student body with no way to hide the shameful wet streaks that started at her crotch and ran down each leg of her pants.

As the principal began Maria's corporal punishment, Grace forced herself to look away. As she scanned the room to avoid looking at the paddle striking the wet fabric that clung to Maria's bottom, Grace spied a woman standing at the back of the auditorium. After a moment Grace realized "standing" wasn't the corect word for what she was seeing. Grace stared closely and realized the woman was her mother, and her movements were definitely from Erica doing a full blown "potty dance"!

Maria's punishment ended after a couple of minutes and Grace watched her mother shuffle out the door with her thighs clamped together. Grace recognized her mom's severe need and knew that later in the evening she would be watching her Aunt Julie give another spanking to Erica.

************

Erica returned to her cleaning duties, although her level of distraction was greater than ever. Aftrr witnessing another school assembly Erica decided she had to maintain bladder control until after the school day ended; it just wouldn't be fair to Maria if a student had to be publicly paddled and an adult who did the same thing faced no public consequences. Erica would have to use every strategy she could think of to keep her urine out of her leggings.

As she leaned over to begin scrubbing a toilet, Erica felt a pang in her bladder as her abdominal muscles pushed inward. She inhaled sharply, shifted her left thigh slightly forward then slammed it against her right thigh; once she had regained control, Erica slowly exhaled. The swishing water was agonizing as it stimulated her urethra for relief.

The worst of the pain subsided for a few moments while Erica wiped out the first stall, soon another wave of deperation took over her body. Erica dropped her scrub brush as she doubled over in need, her hands clasped her crotch in an effort to retain her yellow water. She was well aware that it was almost another passing time and the restroom would soon be filled with students, Erica forced herself to a standing position and slowly trudged toward her cleaning cart.

Erica positioned herself in the corner as the bell rang, within moments boys began to fill the room. Erica felt a sinking feeling in her stomach as a hot spurt escaped from between her legs. Erica was about to completely piss her pants in front of a dozen teenage boys!

"Holy crap!" exclaimed David, as he pointed to the corner. "She looks like she belongs in Mrs. Toole's class".

Erica saw Grace's ex-boyfriend, Lee, enter the restroom, she wanted to look away but instead she ended up locking eyes with him. The smirk on his face turned into a big shit eating grin as Erica lost the battle with her dignity. Lee broke eye contact to watch the yellow waterfalls cascading down each of Erica's thighs. Erica felt the hot urine saturate her buttocks, then it ran down the back of her leggings until her calves were soaked and the excess urine was pouring onto the floor. The slight physical relief Erica felt was immediately replaced with shame as she watched her daughters ex-boyfriend reach to his own pants and readjust the growing bulge that had formed behind his zipper. Pissing her pants may not detract from her status as a MILF, but she was still humiliated!

Erica fought back tears for the next few minutes as boys went in and out. The snide remarks and teases were nothing Erica hadn't heard before, but they were a cruel reminder that she had violated one of the rules of civilized society.

When the boys returned to class, Erica resumed cleaning. Her first task was to mop up the puddle she had created.

Erica became worried when the school secretary entered the second floor boys room carrying an envelope bearing a notice for Erica to appear before the PTA conduct committee that evening. Erica's first thought was of her daughter, had Grace committed her third violation of the hygiene policy? Was there about to be another school assembly with Grace as the unfortunate student at the center of attention?

She ripped open the envelope and read the notice.

Ms Erica Campbell,

You are required to report to the PTA Conduct Committee for this evening's Maternal Responsibility Act hearing. There will be a special review to discuss the standard sanctions that are being used to address mother's who are found responsible for their child's violations of the school hygiene policy, particularly as it relates to repeat offenders. The hearing begins promptly at 7:00 p.m. your attendance is mandatory.

She was relieved that Grace had not wet her pants again, however Erica wondered what the review hearing would consist of.

*138*2022-10-05 20:29

She glanced at the clock, 6:56. Four minutes before the hearing started....four agonizing minutes of knowing her wet leggings were on display to the moms and dads who came to tonight's PTA meeting. Four minutes before the students who had to testify against their mothers would be escorted in from detention; only four minutes until her shame would be shared with Maria Vargas.

Promptly at 7pm, a boy and three girls were led in from the detention room. Erica recognized two of the girls; the younger girl and her mother had appeared before the Conduct Committee for a minor offense the same day as Erica's first hearing. There was no mistaking the second girl, her wet pants left no doubt as to her identity.

The chair woman of the Conduct Committee called the meeting to order and read the docket:

Amy Ball, age 37, daughter Molly violated Section C, Tardy, first offense.

Marie Lind, age 39, son Cole violated Section C, Tardy, second offense.

Laura Johnson, age 36, daughter Jessica violated Section F: Overdue library book, second offense.

Bethany Vargas, age 45, daughter Maria violated Section H: Hygiene policy-urinated in her pants, second offense.

Erica Campbell, age 42, Review Hearing for determining standard sanctions for violations of Section H: Hygiene policy.

The Conduct Committee began with the lesser offenses. Amy Ball considered herself fortunate to receive only one hour of community service, with no corporal punishment. Marie Lind was sanctioned with six swats of corporal punishment and 1 hour of community service. Laura Johnson was sanctioned with six swats of corporal punishment and 2 hours of community service.

The committee called the Vargas' forward. Bethany watched her daughter waddle to the middle of the room trying to keep the wet cotton from touching her thighs as she walked. After a description of Maria's second school accident was read into the record, it was time for Bethany to respond. "We've been disciplining Maria at home since the accident at school a few days ago. We considered that it was not her first time urinating in her pants and that she had also defecated in them. 

That night we spanked her with a belt in front of her siblings. We also made her scrub her messy pants and panties while her siblings watched. Our family understands why the school has placed her on restriction from using the toilet; at home we are limiting her to one toilet usage in the morning and one additional toilet usage in the evening after she returns home from detention. Before she is allowed to use the toilet she is inspected in front of her siblings to make sure she hasn't had an accident. When Maria is allowed to use the toilet, she is required to have her siblings witnessing her using it properly. Maria hasn't wet the bed, however during her evening inspections she has shown significant evidence of bladder leakage; when I place my hand in her crotch her jeans have had a damp spot, and when we pull her pants down, her panties are completely wet and are stained yellow. The penalty for failing her evening inspections has been a belt spanking in front of her siblings."

"My husband decided that since I was found partially responsible under the Maternal Responsibility Act, I deserved some penalties at home" continued Bethany. "I have had my toilet access restricted, fortunately not quite as strict as Maria's; I am allowed to us the toilet three time per day. Since her hygiene offense a few days ago involved loss of bowel control, I am only allowed to poop during one of my three toilet trips."

The Committee Chair asked "What will likely be happening to Maria, and you, after today's offense?"

Bethany sighed, "We are running out of punishments for Maria. We will obviously lengthen the punishments she is currently receiving. My husband and I decided that any future wetting or soiling of her pants would result in her spankings, inspections, and clean up being performed on the front lawn instead of inside the house; the neighborhood will have the opportunity to witness her discipline.

"As for me, my husband already told me that if I was found responsible for an additional hygiene violation, by any of our children, that my toilet access would be restricted to two times per day. I haven't failed an inspection yet; unfortunately with the inevitable decrease in toilet access that I will be experiencing due to Maria's most recent wetting, I anticipate some damp underwear of my own. I suspect my husband will punish me in front of our friends or neighbors when I fail an inspection."

"When you appeared before this committee a few days ago, we talked about the importance of consequences being standard. Is there any reason you should not receive the standard sanction for a mother whose offspring has violated the hygiene policy for a second time?" inquired the chair.

"No ma'am" answered Bethany.

After a brief consultation with the other committee members the chair turned back to Bethany. "The committee has agreed that the standard sanction for a second offense should apply. You are required to receive 50 swats of corporal punishment administered at a Saturday morning session, in addition you shall perform 40 hours of community service to the school; this will be primarily cleaning restrooms or any other service tasks that relates to student hygiene. As a committee we discussed the timing of your corporal punishment; both of Maria's violations have occurred in the same week, we don't believe your buttocks can safely receive both sanctions on the same day. We have decided that on Saturday morning you will only receive the corporal punishment resulting from Maria's first offense a few days ago; the corporal punishment from today's offense will be administered at the following Saturday sanction session."

Erica had expected her review hearing to occur before Bethany Vargas' hearing. Erica had hoped her testimony would allow Bethany to receive a lesser sanction, clearly the committee had no intention of decreasing sanctions for anyone! Erica stepped gingerly as she was called forward; as much as she was getting used to her wet pants as she stood still, she could never be okay with the cold damp fabric clinging to her thighs as she walked.

The committee chair pointed at Erica's legs. "I see the restriction on toilet usage while performing community service has been challenging for you. The committee received reports that you have urinated on yourself several times this week, clearly those reports have been accurate. We feel an explanation is in order."

"There's really not much to explain. I just can't make it that long. The first two times I was able to make it until nearly the end of the day, but I just couldn't! At some point in the evening it would start to trickle out and eventually I completely lost control. I try so hard to ignore the urge; I squeeze my legs together, I bounce up and down, I end up doing a full blown potty dance! It's no use, I always end up feeling that hot splash of pee going into my underwear. I always think a small leak might keep me away from a full accident, but ususlly after a few leaks I feel it completely running down both my legs, it is so humiliating! There was one day that I had several leaks but I was able to make it home without completely soaking my pants, I considered that a pretty good day.

"Today was a little different, I don't know why but the urge to relieve myself came much earlier than normal. It was early afternoon when I felt my first bladder spasm. I was in the building when Maria was punished, I was standing in the back watching as she was paddled; I kept feeling like it should have been me on that stage. I felt frustrated that Maria was being paddled for the same offense that I was had already committed twice this week and was merely minutes away from committing for a third time.

"Knowing the only public punishment I would receive would be the embarrassment of wearing my wet leggings seems unfair compared to the public paddlings administered at school. I'll be punished at home tonight by my sister for wetting myself, similar to the consequence that awaits Maria when she gets home. The difference between us is that she was paddled in front of hundreds of her peers, I won't be. I just feel it is unfair."

The chair looked curiously at Erica, "Do you mean to tell us, that you want to be publicly spanked for each of the times you wet yourself this week?"

"Oh no, of course not!" exclaimed Erica. "What I really want it's for the school to stop paddling the wet students."

"The PTA has no control over the discipline policies implemented for students, the only control we have is through the Maternal Responsibility Act." The chair looked Erica in the eye, then back down to her saturated leggings. "As a committee we have discussed whether or not we should be taking action against mothers who are unable to control themselves during sanctions. The committee came to the same conclusion that it was not fair for students to be punished, when a mother committing the same offense is not."

"As the mother who has wet herself the most, we wanted your input" continued the chair. "We thank you for appearing here today, your testimony confirms the necessity of our plan."

As Erica tiptoed back to her place on the side of the room she heard the committee chair conduct the last business of the day.

"All those in favor of passing Local Amendment 26: Banning disgraceful and/or unhygienic behaviors while under sanction, and the approprate penalties, say aye ... Amedment passes unanimously!"

*143*2022-11-02 05:44

Erica arrived at the school on Friday, her final day of community service to the school. As she picked up her cleaning cart, Erica found an envelope containing the official notice.

To all mothers currently under sanction: Local Amendment 26 of the Maternal Responsibility Act was passed last night and takes effect immediately. Local Amendment 26 bans disgraceful and/or unhygienic behaviors by all mothers who are under sanction by an action of the PTA Conduct Committee. Any mother who is alleged to be in violation of this amendment will be required to appear at a hearing before the Conduct Committee. The Conduct Committee will have full authority to impose appropriate penalties and consequences for violations of the amendment. We encourage each of you to serve your sanctions in the dignified manner we know you are capable of.

She sighed deeply as she set down the notice. Erica wasn't surprised the amendment was being enacted so soon; she was pretty sure the chair of the Conduct Committee was hoping Erica would have another accident on her last day of sanctions, just so an example could be made of her again.

"So how bad was it when you got home?" asked the nurse as Erica came in with her cleaning cart.

"My butt hurts again today, Julie sure whallops hard! ... and it was just as humiliating as the other times. I hate that my sister has my friends come as witnesses. I really hope she doesn't have to spank me again tonight."

The nurse gave Erica a condescending look, "What do you think the PTA will do to you when you wet yourself today?"

"Why do you say 'when', not 'if'?" replied Erica.

"In the past 4 days you have been completely soaked from your crotch all the way down to your feet on 3 separate days. On the only day you weren't saturated, you still leaked into your underwear pretty badly. No one believes you will be dry when you leave today. I've been the school nurse for a decade, I've seen a lot of students get their toilet access restricted; you seem to struggle even worse than most of them. Even Jenny Blanc has wet her pants fewer times than you!"

"You're right", relented Erica. "I've wet my pants so many times that I'd be in diapers if I were a student. In fact I think I'd rather be in diapers today. These jeans are going to be wet by the end of the day, I'm just hoping to get by with a couple of leaks and not a full soaking. Do you think it will matter to the PTA if only my upper thighs are damp instead of me being entirely soaked?"

The nurse shook her head, "I suspect the Conduct Committee would penalize you for even a small dribble the size of a dime."

"Yeah, I know" admitted Erica. "I wish I knew the penalty the Committee is planning. I know it'll be embarassing, I just hope it isn't more spanking. Julie sure has bruised my bottom this week, and she'll probably have to smack it again tonight! I really hope my ass gets a break from the PTA."

The nurse looked at Erica, "If this is about treating wet mothers similar to wet students, I would expect to feel a paddle on your wet bottom at the end of today's hearing.....unless of course you pull off a miracle and control yourself all day!"

****************************

Grace was sitting at a table in the far corner of the cafeteria when Jenny Blanc sat down next to her. "My god, Grace, how do you keep your composure!"

"The day is only half over" answered Grace. "My bladder doesn't normally feel full, until after lunch. I'll be struggling in an hour or so."

Jenny took a deep breath. "The difference between you and I, is that you might be struggling an hour from now, I'll probably be wet." She shifted in her seat before continuing. "Getting hauled up on that stage for another paddling is going to be horrible." Jenny squirmed in her chair and pushed her hand between her legs, "Ooooh, that was close; I nearly had a leak."

"You do look like you have to go" commented Grace. "Is your bladder typically full this early in the day?"

Jenny crossed her right leg over her left. "It isn't usually this bad, the only day it was worse than this, is the day I pissed my pants." Her face scrunched up while she inhaled sharply, her left leg began to tremble. "It's going to happen again, I know it! I hate that I'm not allowed to go to the bathroom!"

Grace recognized the pain on her friend's face. "I'm sorry, Jenny. What can I do to help?"

"There's nothing either of us can do" said Jenny. "When my bladder can't take it anymore it will just come pouring out. It can't be helped. I'll survive, it is just going to suck!"

Grace picked at her lunch as she watched her friend fidget and squirm. When Jenny finished her lunch and walked away Grace could tell there was no hope of Jenny keeping her pants dry until the end of the day. As her friend hobbled away, Grace couldn't help but think Jenny's walk was more like the waddle of a penguin.

Grace smiled as she thought to herself, 'Mom is sure going to be happy when she sees Heather Blanc appearing at that PTA Conduct Committee this evening!'

*148*2022-11-20 05:55

Erica shuddered as she walked into the boys restroom closest to the cafeteria, it had seen a lot of use over the lunch period! It was filthy, it was going to be a full two hour job before being able to move on to the girls room. As Erica began to scrub the toilets she found herself thankful for the dirty restroom; each boy who used a urinal had kept his pants dry, each brown streak in a toilet bowl represented a young man who had spared himself the shame of soiling his pants. As Erica wiped a toilet seat she wondered how many mothers had considered the possibility their teen age child might have an accident at school, she certainly hadn't thought it was even a remote possibility for Grace. Erica hoped the public shaming that she, Heather Blanc, and Bethany Vargas had been enduring, was prompting other moms to have an awkward conversation about bathroom use with their teens.

Erica had only been cleaning for half an hour when the head custodian entered. "We need you to bring your mop bucket, evidently there is a need for someone to deal with a puddle of urine in a classroom."

There was a moment of panic while Erica thought of the consequences of Grace having a third accident. As she forced herself to slow her breathing Erica reminded herself it might not be her daughter; Heather Blanc and Bethany Vargas also had daughters under toilet restriction. Of course there could be some other unfortunate boy or girl about to be punished for violating the hygiene policy (and another mother about to suffer under the Maternal Responsibility Act). Her head hurt thinking about the possibilites, all of them bad. Erica grabbed her mop and reluctantly followed the custodian.

When Erica entered Miss Sutton's classroom she felt a moment of relief when she realized that Grace was not the offending student. Relief was rapidly replaced by elation as Erica realized Heather Blanc would be appearing at today's hearing before the PTA Conduct Commitee. After a few seconds, elation was replaced with guilt, Erica knew Jenny Blanc's humiliation was nothing to be happy about. Guilt was replaced with confusion as Erica looked around; she expected a puddle to mop up, instead she saw a dry floor, the chairs were all dry, even Jenny's leggings were dry.

Jenny stood cross legged next to Miss Sutton's desk. She was mostly bent over and clearly using her hands to physically hold her urine in. Her lips trembled, her breathing was just short gasps, and her left foot was tapping non-stop. Jenny Blanc was clearly about to saturate her leggings.

"When she moves from this position she's going to pee in her pants. I thought it made more sense to have someone here to clean it up right away" explained Miss Sutton. "After the last few hygiene incidents there has been some talk in the Teachers Lounge about the trail of pee that kept dripping from the girl's pants as she walked out of the room; if that is going to happen today it is probably best if you just follow her to the nurse's office and mop it up as you go."

Miss Sutton addressed Jenny, "It is time to move. Having you stand here is distracting the class. Get it over with and then go to the nurse."

"Noooo!" Jenny begged, "Please don't make me! I don't want to pee my pants! Don't make me do it, please don't make me wet my pants! I don't want to be on stage at another school assembly! Please Miss Sutton, don't make me pee my pants!"

"It is not my fault that you are in this position" replied Miss Sutton. "It is your own fault that you have been disciplined with toilet restriction. It's very obvious you are about to urinate in your pants, we both know I will have no choice but to write you up for a hygiene violation; don't make me add a write-up for disturbing the class as well."

A single tear rolled down Jenny's left cheek. The classroom was completely silent as Jenny tried to stand upright. The moment Jenny pulled her hands from between her legs, a dark spot was visible on the fabric that she had been clutching. A low moan escaped from Jenny's lips as the dark spot rapidly expanded. Long streaks shot down the inside of each of her thighs and then disappeared behind her bent kneecaps. Within a few seconds the fabric could hold no more, urine began to pour directly out of her crotch and splattered the tile. For over a minute the class watched as Jenny's liquid waste puddled around her feet, slowly the flow turned to a trickle and the puddle stopped growing.

As Jenny stood trembling at the front of the classroom trying not to cry, Erica looked around the classroom. Many of the girls we're smirking and smiling at Jenny's humiliation, smug in believing they would never find themselves in a similar position; Erica wondered if Jenny regretted having that same smug feeling when Grace wet her pants. Reaction from the boys was a little more complex. About half the boys had the same grins as the girls, a few of the boys had looks of disgust, and the last batch had a lustful look in their eyes and a squirm in their seats that made it obvious they were trying to accommodate a physical arousal in their underwear.

Erica stepped forward with her mop and soaked up the yellow puddle as Miss Sutton handed Jenny the discipline referral form, "I don't need to tell you where to take this; it's not your first offense, I'm sure you remember from the last time." A few students giggled as Jenny left the room, droplets of urine falling to the floor with each few steps; Miss Sutton had been wise to summon Erica and her mop. As Erica swabbed up the golden trail, she once again noticed the same few boys adjusting themselves as they stared at Jenny's soaked rear end as she trudged out the door.

Erica wipe the last drop of urine from the floor of the hallway as Jenny stepped into the nurse's office. "I was hoping not to see you two times in the same week" the nurse sighed. "I guess this was to be expected."

"It only happened because I'm on restriction" explained Jenny. "I've never peed my pants until after I was put on toilet restriction. I didn't want to pee my pants, I just couldn't hold it. If I were allowed to use the restroom this never would have happened. Please don't send me to the principal, I don't want to be punished again!"

"You know from last time that being on toilet restriction does not exempt you from the hygiene policy. I've already verified that there is no doctor note on file so I am obligated to send you to the principal." The nurse picked up a small measuring tape and placed it around Jenny's waist, "While you are here I may as well measure you to make sure I have the right size diapers for you."

"But it's only my second accident!" protested Jenny. "I'm not supposed to get diapered unless I have a third."

She moved the tape measure to Jenny's wet left thigh and measured the circumference. "Just as I suspected, you will be a woman's size small. I know you won't be diapered for this offense, but you've already been here twice this week with wet pants, I feel like I should be ready on Monday...just in case. Now, lets get you to the principal."

An occasional drip still fell from Jenny's pants, so Erica was directed to follow with the mop. The young woman openly wept as she stepped bow-legged so her wet legs wouldn't rub against each other. Erica was curious if the boys in Miss Sutton's class would still find Jenny arousing now that she was crying.

The dripping from Jenny's pants finally stopped as she was sent into the principal's office, so Erica was sent back to continue cleaning the boy's restroom. As Erica went back to scrubbing she felt a familiar pressure low in her abdomen, within a few hours she anticipated being in a position similar to Jenny Blanc.

*150*2022-11-25 08:27

Erica continued to feel pressure behind the waistband of her jeans as she finished cleaning the boys restroom. She slowly pushed the cart to the girls room next door and began to survey task ahead of her; it appeared the girls had made as big a mess as the boys during lunch time. Erica was again grateful; every dirty toilet represented a girl who was not going to be forced to endure the humiliation that accompanied an accident at school.

Erica grabbed her cart and mop and moved herself to the corner when she heard the bell ring. Within seconds the first batch of girls was rushing in to do their business before the next class started. As usual Erica could hear the juicy gossip as the girls talked amongst themselves.

"I bet she won't get a date for the dance next week, no self-respecting boy will ask out a girl who still pees her pants!"... "I can't believe she wet herself twice this week, even Grace made it a week in between."... "I sat with her sister at lunch. Her mom told her after the first time, that if it happened again the punishment at home would be posted live on social media. Sounds like we're going to get to watch her get punished at the assembly and then we can watch online tonight as her mom punishes her again. Do you guys want to come over to watch? We'll make a party out of it!"... "As bad as it is to wet herself, at least she didn't poop her pants like Maria!"... "I still can't believe that there are 13 of them that get called up on that stage every time... Can you believe that Jane has been in a diaper for 4 years and we're just finding out about it now!...And Toby, I'll never look at him the same. I can't believe I mistook a diaper for a cute butt!"

As the girls left to go to class, Erica recalled the physical arousal she had noticed when the boys had watched Jenny wet herself less than an hour ago (and the obvious stimulation Lee had exhibited yesterday as Erica had sent golden waterfalls down her own legs). Erica bet those girls would have been utterly shocked to find out that Jenny will probably have several secret admirers in the audience at the upcoming assembly.

After 20 minutes of cleaning, the nurse arrived to escort Erica to the auditorium so she could witness the public shaming of the young woman who's bladder control was as limited as Erica's.

"It seems so cruel" Erica said to the nurse. "I grasp the concept of making an example out of someone, but dragging 13 students up onto the stage just so one of them can be given a paddling in front of the whole school seems quite excessive."

"Excessive" replied the nurse, "is having 13 students who have no medical excuse for being unable to make it to the toilet in time. I am beginning to think if public shaming had been allowed years ago, we could have limited this problem.

"If Jane Diamond had been made an example of 4 years ago, I would wager a guess that Toby, Shelley, Kimberly, Grace, and Maria would have all remembered her punishment. If Grace had know that wetting would be harshly punished, she likely would not have put herself in the position of urinating in her pants, which caused you to urinate in yours during your sanction. If the Blancs had not witnessed your sanction, then Jenny would probably have not been told to just walk out of the classroom, Jenny would not have been put on toilet restriction and would not have wet her pants (because she would have known from watching Jane 4 years ago that she needed to plan her trips to the restroom). If Jane would have been publicly punished that is six other students who would not have violated the hygiene policy.

"One good public shaming of a wet freshman at the beginning of every school year would probably reduce pants wetting by close to 75%. This year has certainly had more accidents than normal, but with the introduction of the Maternal Responsibility Act we no longer have to worry about punishments being private. 5 years from now, I'm sure the data will reflect a significant drop."

"Do you really keep data on all of that?" asked Erica.

The nurse replied "Oh yes, we track all of this. In a typical year I see 6 or so girls with hygiene violations; usually four are wet and two have had bowel movements in their pants. I usually only see a few boys with hygiene violations every year; usually only one is wet the other two have had bowel movements in their pants. I find it interesting that the number of girls who wet themselves is nearly four times that of the boys, but the number that poop in their pants is nearly the same. I also track when a student has an accident that is considered a medical issue and not a disciplinary matter. Roughly 2/3 of the students who defecate in their pants get a medical excuse and it is a 50/50 split between boys and girls. Medical excuses are pretty rare for a student who has urinated in their pants. I have never had a boy with a legitimate medical excuse for wetting himself, I have only had two girls ever be excused for wetting their pants.

The nurse continued "This year is quite unusual, I have never had three seniors with wet pants in the same year, in fact a senior with wet pants has only happened one other time (and it was a boy); typically I only get a senior once every other year for a pooping accident. Freshman are obviously the most common grade level for any type of hygiene offense, this year has been an anomaly there as well. The only freshman to have a hygiene violation is Timothy, who is standing up on that stage in a diaper because he pooped his. I am a little surprised that I haven't had any freshman girls with wet pants, I guess the seniors are making up for it this year.

"In case you were wondering," the nurse went on, "I also track time of day for incidents that result in discipline: Pants wetting typically occurs in the period immediately before lunch hour or the last period of the day. Many students feel like there's not enough time between classes so they try to hold it until lunch time or the end of the day when they have a few extra minutes inevitably a few students learn the hard way that they should have gone before class. The boys who poop their pants almost always have it happened right before lunch or right before the end of the day, it is the same issue of not having enough time between classes. 

The girls who poop their pants almost always do it in the period immediately after lunch, they all tell me they felt the urge during lunch period but we're too busy talking with their friends. The students who have medically excused defecation accidents are mostly mid-morning; they come to school with a little upset stomach stomach and end up having diarrhea in their pants before they get too far into the day. The medically excused bladder accidents are so few that I haven't been able to find a pattern."

Erica sighed, "I really do understand how public punishment is beneficial in reducing offenses, it's one of the big reasons I voted for the Maternal Responsibility Act! I really only expected it to be used on mother's; I didn't expect to see high school students being publicly paddled.

Erica looked at the nurse, "I mean, couldn't the school come up with something a little less brutal? If an example needs to be made out of a student, couldn't they be changed out of their wet pants and put into some bright orange sweatpants and then sent back to class? They would still have the shame of everyone knowing they had an accident, but it seems a little less cruel."

"It might have been better than nothing, but I don't think the consequence is severe enough for the lesson to be remembered several years later." The nurse went on, "If Maria had been put in orange pants a few days ago a few people would know she hadn't made it to the toilet and they would have teased her a little, the lower classmen that are not in any of Maria's classes would probably only hear of the incident in passing and forget about it within a couple of days. Because Maria was paddled in her wet pants at an assembly, every single student will remember importance of controlling themselves, for years to come. Public corporal punishment in front of the most witnesses possible, seems to be the best deterrent for other potential offenders."

The conversation between Erica and the nurse ended as they entered the back of the auditorium, the mild pressure in her bladder was momentarily pushed from her mind and she looked toward the stage. Just like she had seen with the prior incidents, Erica could see a young woman with dark streaked pants who was obviously utterly humiliated as she was displayed in front of 2,000 of her peers. The principal explained to the entire student body that Jenny Blanc had urinated in her pants for the second time that week. The principal used phrases like "disgraceful behavior", "unhygienic", and "undignified" as he narrated the incident that had led to Jenny's most recent shame. Just as it happened in the other two assemblies, the principal called the 12 other hygiene offenders up to the stage; as he did so the, principal repeated each of their acts of incontinence for the other students to hear.

The principal turned from the audience to Jenny and addressed her individually, "Jenny Blanc, as a repeat offender your punishment must be increased from the 10 swats of the paddle you received after your first offense. In an effort to teach you a lesson, as well as make an example of you, you shall receive 20 swats of the paddle. The swats shall be immediately administered in front of your peers upon the wet pants that cover your buttocks." The Principal grabbed Jenny by the shoulders and spun her until her butt was facing the other students. It had been less than an hour since Jenny had emptied her bladder into her leggings, the dark stains were still clearly visible on the butt and down the back of her leggings.

Whack... whack... whack...whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack!

"I feel it is important to remind you, as well as Grace Campbell and Maria Vargas, that each of you are only one hygiene violation away from being placed in diapers at school. I am sure Jane, Toby, Shelley, Kimberly, Amy, Hillary, Kara, Madison, Addison, and Timothy would all tell you that being in diapers is not a pleasant experience."

As the principal dismissed the assembly and sent the students back to the classroom, Erica was led back the girl room to finish her cleaning, her thighs pressed closely together as she walked.

As Erica scrubbed she replayed in her mind the conversation she had with the nurse about the significance of public punishment as a deterrent for other offenders. Erica knew that Grace, Maria, and Jenny would likely all become three-time offenders due to their status of being on toilet restriction. Erica also knew the nurse was right, there would be a sharp decline in school wetting now that an example had been made of these three young women. Erica only hoped that the mothers of her community would pay attention to the example being made of Bethany Vargas, Heather Blanc, and herself. As Erica squeezed her legs together and started to do a potty dance she hoped dozens of other women were sitting down with sons or daughters and explaining to them the importance of self-control; it might make her public shame more tolerable if she thought of the future accidents she might be preventing others from having.

*152*2022-11-30 21:24

When the assembly ended, Grace slowly made her way back to class. She winced a little as she sat at her desk; the sitting position put extra pressure on her rapidly filling bladder. While not yet desperate, Grace was certainly experiencing a state of discomfort. Before being placed on toilet restriction, Grace used to love Geography class, now by the time she gets to Geography each day, she is too occupied with her bladder to pay attention to her favorite subject.

Grace shifted her weight from her left butt cheek to her right. A few minutes later her weight shifted back to the left. As the teacher pointed to a map on the wall, Grace found her eyes closing as a shudder went through her body in response to a wave of pain coming from her bladder.

Soon Grace found her legs pressed together. Her right foot bounced continuously. With 10 minutes remaining in the class period she was no longer able to take notes; her hand was pressed firmly in her crotch.

When the bell signaled the end of class, Grace reluctantly rose from her seat. She wanted to run to the closest girl's restroom, instead she trudged to the detention room. Grace took a seat as Jenny waddled in and took her place in the front corner, her damp leggings showing her lack of self control. Grace couldn't take her eyes off of Jenny's shame, silently hoping her jeans wouldn't show a silimar stain by the end of detention.

The room was mostly silent, the three boys in detention could hear the tapping of Grace's foot; Grace was so fidgety her foot tapped 3 time for each tick of the clock. Her chair creaked as Grace squirmed. A audible gasp escaped her mouth as her thighs rubbed together.

It didn't take long before the detention monitor was glaring at Grace. "A little quieter Miss Campbell, you are being disruptive again. If you can't sit there quietly, you will have to stand up front again."

Grace tensed up as her bladder twinged. She had no choice but to cross her legs, predictably, the chair squeeked.

"Up front, Grace" demanded the detention monitor. "If you can't be subtle there is no reason not to put you on display."

Grace had been in this position before, today was just as humiliating! She recognized the gleam in the eyes of the boys who were staring at her. Grace saw the boys' eyes go to her thighs as she twisted. Grace straightened out and closed her eyes, when she re-opened them the boys were all still looking at her; Grace knew each one was staring at her chest. She twisted again as another wave of pressure came over her. She felt a burning sensation between her legs as a jet of urine escaped, a quick glance re-assured her that nothing showed. Grace wanted to shove her hands between her legs again, but Grace knew pushing her jeans against her now wet underwear might cause the stain to show. Without the use of her hands, Grace was limited to the squeezing and squirming of her legs.

As Grace did the potty dance at the front of the detention room she stared at her feet; eventually she glanced at the three boys who had been watching her, all three were giving her their undivided attention. Even after 2 weeks of toilet restriction, Grace found the attention to be utterly humiliating; her face turned crimson and a few tears leaked from her eyes. She hated knowing that these boys were about to watch her piss in her pants.

When she looked at the clock Grace was amazed to see that she only had 10 minutes left of detention. A glance toward Jenny and her wet leggings gave Grace a new resolve to keep her own pants dry. As a new throb engulfed her bladder, Grace stood with her legs clamped tight together. As she squirmed her right leg began to raise until she found herself standing on just her left leg, she knew her pose resembled an undignified plastic pink flamingo.

With only 3 minutes left in her detention session, Grace felt another hotspurt leave her body and enter her panties. She tried to be subtle as she looked down at her pants to verify that she hadn't made a wet spot on the denim. Grace recognized the look that Jenny gave her; Jenny knew that Grace had started to lose control. For a brief moment, Grace panicked that Jenny would say something and alert the detention monitor. A reassuring nod from Jenny allowed Grace to know that her wet underwear was still a secret.

Grace use all her willpower, and lots of squirming, to maintain what little control she had left. When the detention monitor released her after the hour of detention, Grace shuffled to the door. She was elated to see Tony in the hall waiting for her. "You've got to get me out of here, I'm about to pee my pants!"

Tony assured her they would leave immediately. To Grace's dismay the detention room was on the second floor of the school. "Tony, I don't know if I can make it down the stairs without leaking." She was required to use her left hand pressed against her crotch while her right hand had gripped the handrail. Grace kept her legs tightly squeezed together as she sidestepped down the stairs. Miraculously, Grace got to the bottom without any additional loss of control.

Tony opened the door of his car so Grace could get in. "I'll get you to the gas station. Just hold on for a few more minutes and it will be okay."

Tony pulled out of the parking lot and on to the nearest street. Grace knew she was completely incapable of making it to the gas station. She was about to saturate the passenger seat of Tony's car. "Pull over right now! I can't make it anymore. Pull over before I ruin your car seat!"

Tony looked at Grace scrunched up in his passenger seat, he knew she was speaking the truth when she said she wouldn't make it to the gas station. As he pulled over to the side of the road Grace was already jumping out of the car before he came to a complete stop.

In less than 2 seconds Tony saw the dark spot appear between Grace's legs. Urine rapidly flowed down her thighs and started to splash onto the sidewalk. He recognized the embarrassment on Grace's face as the reason she turned away from him. Her butt was wet with dark stains running down the back of each leg. When pee finally stopped cascading down her legs, Grace turned to face Tony "Thank God you got me out of that school before this happened! You saved me from another punishment at school, you are my hero!"

Tony pulled an old towel out of the trunk and set it on the seat for Grace. "I'll get you home so you can clean up."

"Oh, I can't clean up" answered Grace. "Part of the punishment from my mom is staying in my wet pants until they get pulled off during my spanking."

"You're not just going to hide it?" asked Tony.

Grace shook her head, "I can't do that to my mom. She has been so fair in taking punishments every day because of my accidents at school. I could never disrespect her by hiding my wet pants to get out of a punishment. The one I get tonight is going to be utterly humiliating, pretty sure it's going to happen in front of my cousins, but I'll gladly take it. My mom has suffered even worse than I have."

"I'm just so relieved it didn't happen at school" continued Grace. "If it had happened at school, not only would I have been punished by the principal, but my mom would have gotten even more sanctions under the Maternal Responsibility Act. I'm just so grateful I made it off of school grounds before soaking myself."

Tony wasn't quite sure what to say as he began to drive Grace home. He kept looking over at her, even though she was squirming with the discomfort of her cold wet denim sticking to her body, her face had a look of contentment. She didn't even show any concern as she texted her mom to report her accident.

Grace glanced over at Tony several times on the ride home. He too was squirming but for a different reason; Grace thought it was cute that he was trying to hide the erection that had developed. "It's okay" she finally told him. "I know that some boys find it appealing to watch us as we struggle with our bathroom control. You have shown me nothing but kindness, and you don't look at me with a creepy lustful grin hoping it happens. You have been genuinely bothered when I didn't make it in time, and you were truly happy for me when you have gotten me to a gas station restroom before I lost control. You have treated me with respect. In fact I'm a little flattered that I can still cause some arousal, even in wet pants."

As they pulled into the driveway Grace turned to Tony. "My mom won't be home until the PTA hearing gets it done in a few hours, you are welcome to stay." Grace gave him a sly look, "I'd like it if you came in for a while, I think you'd like it too!" With a wink she took Tony by the hand. "Let me give you the tour, we'll start with my bedroom."

