Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 2

Author: Fuchsa9073

*027*2021-07-23 07:30

Grace bit her lower lip and rapidly blinked in an attempt to hold back the tears she felt at the corners of her eyes. She shifted her weight from her left leg to her right before looking down at her jeans to see if her most recent leak had become visible. She could sense the whole class watching her.

Mrs. Toole walked over to the corner where Grace was standing. "May I please leave the corner? Don't make me stand here and do it while they all watch!" begged Grace.

"You have been a distraction in class all week" replied Mrs. Toole. Your fellow students are not accomplishing any learning when they spend the entire school day turning around in their seats trying to get a glimpse of you squirming at your desk. They pay better attention when you are standing here in the front corner."

Grace let out a whimper as she felt another long spurt escape from between her legs. A quick glance confirmed that a visible wet patch accompanied the warmth she felt creeping down her thighs. Her face flushed with humiliation as she heard Mrs.Toole address the class.

"You may take a short break from your writing. You have all been waiting for Grace to wet her pants, it looks like it's finally happening...again! When she's done I expect all of you to get back to work."

As everyone watched, Grace's natural reaction was to squeeze her thighs together and do a small potty dance in an attempt to stop her accident. Grace soon realized that no wiggling or squeezing could stop the flow of urine that was seeping out of her. Reluctantly Grace allowed herself to stop squirming and stand still. Grace closed her eyes as she pissed her pants in front of a full classroom.

Grace slowly opened her eyes when the stream of urine quit running down the legs of her jeans. To her horror she saw many of her classmates were holding their phones and had obviously been taking photos and videos. She knew that within minutes her humiliation would be uploaded to the internet to be shared with the whole world.

Mrs. Toole handed Grace a handful of paper towels and pointed to the floor. "You need to wipe that up before I take you to the office."

Grace was mortified as she bent over to wipe up the shamefull yellow puddle that surrounded her feet. Grace sobbed as her peers took video of her glistening wet butt and thighs as she cleaned the floor. While she soaked up her urine, Grace listened to what her teacher was telling the class.

"I hope you all learn from the example Grace has set the past few weeks. Manage your personal needs carefully; if you don't, the consequences can be quite humiliating."

When the puddle was wiped away, Mrs. Toole took hold of Grace's arm and led her out of the classroom. "Now, let's get you to the office so you can be dealt with properly!"

*030*2021-07-27 08:15

The knot in the pit of Grace's stomach grew as she stood in the Nurse's Office answering the embarassing questions about her loss of bladder control. It took the nurse less than 3 minutes to determine there was no medical excuse for wetting herself and declare it a disciplinary matter.

Grace was led to the hallway near the Principal's Office where she was directed to stand while Mrs. Toole filled out the Discipline Referal. The office was always a busy place with staff, students, parents, visitors, and delivery drivers. Grace was made to endure an agonizing 15 minute wait in the busy hallway; she figured at least 30 people saw her standing in her wet jeans before she was finally ushered into the Principal's Office.

She trembled as the Principal began his lecture. Grace tuned him out as he went on and on about self control, proper hygiene, being old enough to know better, and following the rules. Finally the Principal got to the part that mattered.

"The punishment for a second offense is much more severe, Miss Campbell. You will serve detention today until 7pm when you will be required to testify at your mother's Maternal Responsibility Act hearing before the PTA Disciplinary Committee. During your detention you will be receive 10 swats of the paddle to your buttocks. To teach you the importance of self control, you are prohibited from using the restroom at school or at any school function for one month. Do you have any questions before I send you back to class?"

"Uh, class?" stammered Grace. "Last time I was sent to the detention room for the rest of the day."

"You are a repeat offender, I see no reason to shield you from humiliation after a second offense; in fact making an example of a repeat offender can be an effective tool for keeping order. As for cleanliness concerns, we can reduce the hygiene issues by having you sit on a trash bag so you don't leave urine on your chair."

Grace was stunned to hear she was being sent back to class to be publicly made an example of. She stood rooted to the floor until the Principal stood up, handed her a trash bag, and pointed to the door.

The next few hours were a complete fog. Grace was on auto-pilot as she went to her classes for the next few hours. She tried to block out the snickers, whispers, and giggles. Each time she bent over to put her plastic trash bag on a chair her face lowered closer to her pants and her nose would crinkle as she smelled her own urine.

When the final bell rang at 3pm, Grace picked up the plastic bag from her chair and trudged to the detention room Grace entered detention to find she was one of seven students in detention that afternoon. She felt her face flush as the detention room monitor said "You can throw away that pissy bag, you won't need it in here. I'll be having you stand up front." Grace moved to the front of the room to display her soaked pants to the other students in detention.

Grace mostly looked at the floor, occasionally she would look around the room at the other students or the detention monitor; it was no surprise they were all looking at her. Grace thought to herself 'for once I wish the boys would look at my breasts...anything to have them look away from my pants!'

At 4pm the detention monitor got up from the desk and walked toward Grace. She felt her belly do flip-flops when she saw the paddle in the monitor's hand. "It's time for your paddling. Turn your backside to the others then put your hands on your knees."

The damp cotton felt cold as it stretched tightly across her butt. She heard one of the girls in the back row giggle as Grace presented her wet ass to the detention room.

THWACK!!!!

"Ahhh!"

The girl in the back row stopped giggling and gasped when she saw Grace take the first swat.

THWACK!!!

"Owww!" Grace howled.

THWACK!!!

"Please stop!"

THWACK!!!

"No more!"

THWACK!!!

"Owww Owww Owww!"

Grace hurt so much she didn't realize the damp stain in her pants was begining to darken as a glistening trickle started at her crotch and began to flow across her butt and down her legs.

THWACK!!!

"I'm sorry!"

The students in detention were shocked when they realized Grace was peeing in front of them.

THWACK!!!

"Owwwwwww!"

THWACK!!!

"Nooooo!"

THWACK!!!

"Oh, I can't take it!"

THWACK!!!

"I won't do it again, I promise! Please stop!"

After a few moments of sobbing Grace realized the paddling was over; it was only then she felt the warmth in her jeans. A wave of shame washed over her as her brain recognized the feeling of recently peed in pants.

The detention monitor shoved some paper towels into Grace's hand. For the second time that day she found herself wiping up a yellow mess from the floor.

The next few hours felt like an eternity. The her mind raced like never before. Grace felt humiliated at being paddled in front of six other students, she couldn't imagine the devestation her mom must have felt after being paddled in front of a few hundred people at a school BBQ!

Grace dwelled on what the PTA Disciplinary Committee would likely do to her mom in response to today's accident.

*035*2021-07-30 21:55

Grace looked around the small auditorium as she and the other student offenders were led in. It was standing room only in the spectators area. There must've been over a hundred people in attendance, Grace could feel every one of them looking at the wet stain on her jeans! Grace could see seven women, including her mom, standing on the other side of the stage waiting to be called before the PTA Conduct Committee.

The committee chair opened the session with the normal remarks about the importance of the Maternal Responsibility Act. The commitee chair commented on the large number of spectators and thanked them for fulfilling their civic duty by attending today's public hearing. The chair concluded her opening remarks by reading the docket.

Jean Perkins, age 35. Son Toby violated Section B, unexcused absence.

Molly Jones, age 47. Daughter Polly violated Section C, 1st tardy.

Pauline Smith, age 38. Son Jeremy violated Section C, 3rd Tardy.

Melissa Palmer, age 42. Son David violated Section L, Swearing in school.

Angella Minter, age 39. Daughter Kelly violated Section L, Swearing in school - 2nd Offense.

Heather Blanc, age 44. Daughter Jenny violated Section E, No Hall Pass.

Erica Campbell, age 42. Daughter Grace violated Section H, urinated in her pants - 2nd Offense.

Grace paid little atention to the first five cases. They were common issues and the Conduct Committee dealt with each of them quickly. To no one's surprise the mothers were each found responsible and given sanctions that included both community service to the school and corporal punishment: Jean Perkins was sanctioned 3 hours of community service and 10 swats of corporal punishment, Molly Jones received 1 hour community service and 3 swats, Pauline Smith was sanctioned 1 hour community service and 6 swats, Melissa Palmer was sanctioned 1 hour community service and 3 swats, and Angella Minter was sanctioned 2 hours of service and 6 swats of corporal punishment.

The sixth case caught Grace's attention. Jenny Blanc had left class to use the restroom even though her teacher had denied her a hall pass. Grace's mouth dropped as she heard their testimony.

"Jenny and I talked about this very situation last weekend" said Heather Blanc. "We had been at the PTA BBQ and watched Erica Campbell's paddling. On the way home we talked about the pants wetting we'd seen during the punishment and Jenny related to me all the rumors going around the school about Geace after her accident in class. I told Jenny that she should't let herself get in a position where she might have an accident. I told her to just go to the bathroom if she needed it."

Jenny testified to the committee "I had to go real bad when I asked Mrs Avis for a hall pass; she told me that since there was only 10 minutes left in class I'd have to wait. Well, I sat in my seat for a minute; I felt like kids were watching me squirm so I did what my mom told me and just went to the restroom."

"What punishment is the school giving you?" asked the committee chair.

"I got detention today. For the next 3 school days I am not allowed to use the restroom at school. Holding it all day is supposed to teach me control....I don't think I can make it all day!"

The commitee chair turned back to Jenny's mother. "It is a serious matter when a mother instructs her daughter to disregard rules. The consequences Jenny is now facing at school are likely to result in her committing a violation of Section H at least once in the next few days. You clearly bear responsibility under the Act. The committee briefly talked amongst themselves before the chair spoke again. "Heather Blanc, we feel the appropriate sanctions should include the same restroom restrictions that the school has imposed upon your daughter. For the next 6 month any time you are on school property or at school related events you are not allowed access to toilet facilities. In addition we sanction you to 20 hours community service to the school and 25 swats of corporal punishment."

Once again Grace had mixed emotions as she listened. Jenny Blanc was a bit stuck up, so Grace felt a little satisfaction that Jenny would have her ego knocked down a peg by having to endure the embarassment that came with doing the potty dance in front of her peers. Grace was horrified that another student would have to endure the discomfort and humiliation that would come if Jenny couldn't control her bodily functions for the next few school days. Grace also felt a little relief that she was no longer the only squirmy girl that the students would be watching.

As Erica was called forward the committee chair spoke. "Before we get started with today's incident we have a clerical error to address with Ms Campbell regarding last weeks offense. You were given a sanction of 30 swats of corporal punishment during your last hearing before this committee; due to a clerical error by the committee secretary, you were only paddled with 25 swats at your corporal punishment session. We all watched your corporal punishment session and felt it was appropriate for a first offense. The committee has decided to ammend the record from your last appearance and make 25 the official sanction. Is this acceptable to you? If not we can administer the last 5 swats right now."

Upon hearing the possibiliy of being paddled right away Erica's hands instinctively went to her backside. The audience chuckled as Erica grabbed her butt in fear. She quickly regained her composure and answered "Ammending the record to 25 is fine with me."

The committee chair continued "Moving on to today's offense by Grace." The chair pointed to Grace's wet jeans "She's clearly committed a second infraction of urinating in her pants. Please tell us what steps you took after her first offense."

Erica looked at her daughter, took a breath, then began "We instituted a consequences in our home after the last incident." Erica explained the process of Grace hand scrubbing her clothes, sitting on the toilet for an hour each evening, and presented Grace's toilet log to the committee to review. Erica blushed a bit before continuing. "The committee was right when it said I had not set a proper example for Grace. To be a better example I have subjected myself to the same consequences after I wet myself during my paddling last weekend."

Grace was called to testify next. "Scrubbing my stained panties and jeans was pretty bad. The time I spend sitting on the toilet is mostly spent mentally kicking myself for not just going to the bathroom when I felt the need. Every time I make an entry in the toilet log I'm reminded how much easier it would be if I'd have just gone to the restroom. Worst of all is the guilty feeling I have from my mom having to get punished in public. I get why I am being punished; I feel horrible that my actions hurt my mom."

"So if you feel so bad for your mom, why did you urinate on yourself again?" The committee chair looked at Grace. "Surely you realize that under the Act she will face sanctions again."

Grace began to sob. "I'm so sorry! I really tried to hold it today. My punishment from the first time has my toilet access restricted. I already used my passes for the week and I just could't wait. I was trying to hold it but I just couldn't do it."

"It's not mom's fault." Grace continued. "She punished me last time. She set an example by punishing herself. She gave me extra toilet sitting time when I leaked on the way home from school the other day. She promised me a worse punishment if it happened a second time; I know I'm getting belted when I get home!"

The chair looked at Erica and Grace. "What's this about a leak? I didn't see that in Grace's toilet log."

Erica answered. "It was a small spurt just before she got to the bathroom. She'd held it all day at school as part of her restriction from the school. It was so small the wetness never made it to her pants, just a little in her underwear. Since it never made it to her pants I didn't consider it a pants wetting. I did double her toilet sitting time as a consequence."

"The committee is glad that you have begun to take corrective action, Ms Campbell" said the chair. "Of course Grace's soaking pants indicate it is not nearly enough. You clearly don't find a young woman urinating on herself to be a serious issue; if you did Grace's panty wetting a couple days ago would have resulted in a belting."

"Just as Grace's punishments at school and at home should get more severe with repeat offenses, so do your sanctions under the Maternal Responsibility Act. You shall perform 40 hours of community service to the school; this shall consist of 8 hour days assisting the janitorial staff in cleaning bathrooms. You shall report to Saturday's corporal punishment session where you will receive 50 swats of the paddle. We further order that you face toilet restrictions on all school property or at any school events until all of your community service is complete. You must clean them....you may not use them!"

*042*2021-08-20 07:45

Grace trudged into the house. The feelings of guilt for her mom's new sanctions out-weighed all fear of her upcoming spanking with the belt. Without having to be told she walked to the center of the living room. As she bent over her face got within a few inches of her damp legs; she felt her nose twitch as she shuddered in disgust at the stench of her urine.

THWAP

Grace squealed as the belt hit her wet bottom on the same spot she had already been paddled.

THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP...THWAP

"I'm sorry", muttered Erica after the final swat was delivered. "I know you didn't mean to wet again. Rules are rules, I hope you understand."

"I understand, mom. I deserve far more than you gave me." Grace wiped a tear away from her eye then chuckled a little. "You didn't even hit very hard" she said with a small smile.

"You've had a rough day, go scrub your clothes then take a shower. I'll make supper while you are cleaning up. We can talk about what comes next while we eat." Erica shook her head as her daughter made her way to the bathroom, rubbing her stinging butt as she walked.

After Grace cleaned up she sat at the table with her mom. "What now?" she asked nervously after a few bites.

"My paddling on Saturday will definitely hurt a little more than last time. The good news is there shouldn't be quite as many witnesses as at last week's PTA BBQ; I'm greatful the the Saturday sessions normally get fewer than a hundred witnesses. Maybe if I'm lucky someone else will pee their pants too!"

"Mom!" Grace gasped.

"Well, it's true" Erica said. "I know there is no hope of keeping bladder control through 50 swats. The humiliation will be a little less if at least one other mom wets her pants. I'll be hurting to much to care at the time, later when the witnesses post photos to social media is when it'll matter."

"Speaking of social media" Erica continued. "Did you check to see what your classmates posted today?"

"Yeah." Grace sighed heavily as she pulled up a video on her phone and handed it to her mom. "This is just one, there's a dozen more posts just like this one."

Erica watched the screen in horror as she saw the video of her daughter squirming in front of her class. "I can't believe she made you stand there like that! Oh my gosh, she made you wipe it up, too! What an evil woman! I'm filing a complaint against Mrs Toole, she can't treat you like that!"

"It doesn't matter mom. They were all going to see me piss myself anyway." Grace paused a moment before continuing. "They are all going to see me do it again soon. There's no way I can make it a month without a third accident!"

"I know" sighed Erica. "On the bright side your classmates will only see it happen one more time. I know diapers aren't appealing....but at least no one will see you in wet pants once you are in diapers."

"I'm more concerned about your third appearance at the PTA Conduct Committee" said Grace. "I'd wear pee soaked pants in public every day for the rest of my life if it would save you from the Maternal Responsibility Act. Grace looked her mom in the eyes. "I wish the PTA didn't only cares about making an example of you."

"I'm tough...." Erica gave Grace a quick wink "Thankfully my butt is too!"

Grace shifted a little in her chair before asking "If you pee your pants again, who spanks you with the belt when you get home? Please don't make me do it!"

"I won't have you do it" Erica reassured her. "I'll probably have your Aunt Julie spank me."

"It's getting late" continued Erica. "Go do your toilet sitting punishment then go to bed."

"Goodnight, mom" said Grace as she gave her mom a quick hug.

*046*2021-09-22 08:44

Grace stood in the living room on Saturday afternoon. Aunt Julie, her mom's older sister, had driven them home from Erica's public sanctioning that morning. Erica's paddling had been the most severe of any given out in the few months since the implementation of the Maternal Responibility Act. Erica had been in no condition to drive after the butt blistering she had received. Now Julie was holding the leather belt against the damp denim that stretched across Erica's rear end.

"Can you see well enough, Grace?" asked Aunt Julie. "From what I was told, this belting is for your mom to set a good example by showing you the punishment for a grown woman who pisses herself. Watch closely so you can learn...and from what I have been told you certainly need the lesson!"

WHACK!!!

Grace winced at the crack of the belt as it struck her mother's bottom. Grace watched a fresh trickle of pee start running down her mom's thigh. Much like this morning, Erica's ability to control her bladder failed as she was consumed with pain.

WHACK... WHACK... WHACK... WHACK... WHACK... WHACK... WHACK... WHACK... WHACK!!!!!!!!

The lash of the belt hitting her already bruised bottom was excruciating! Erica could only howl as her sister wielded the leather implement. Erica had no clue she had wet herself again until Julie paused the belting to speak.

"How disgraceful! You peed your pants again! I know this was only supposed to be ten swats but you are going to get three extra swats for peeing during your punishment."

WHACK... WHACK... WHACK!

The pain of her belting left Erica sobbing and blubbering for several minutes. When she finally regained her composure she turned to Julie, "Thanks sis. I appreciate you doing this for me."

"I am not going to lie" said Julie, "I kind of feel like we might finally be even. Watching you try to hide your face as all those witnesses watched your wet butt walk away from that paddling this morning....well, it really reminded me of summer camp when we were kids. I thought I'd gotten over that but, I guess not. I can honestly say that after today I am no longer mad about it."

Grace looked at her mom and aunt with a quizical look. "What happened when you were kids at camp?"

"I, uh....I...I'm not proud of it" mumbled Erica. "I put Julie's hand in warm water when she was sleeping. I didn't realize what kind of humiliation was coming her way. I just thought it'd get a laugh from the other girls in the cabin; it turns out the camp had some pretty draconian punishments for bedwetters."

Julie chimed in, "When I woke up with wet pajamas and sheets I nearly died! I had no clue your mom had played a prank on me, all I knew was that I was soaked in pee at 18 years old!"

"My initial embarassment quickly became dread as I lay there. A few years before, when your mom was still to young to come to camp, one of the other kids had wet the bed. I remembered the horendous punishment he had been given. I briefly thought about trying to hide what happened but there was no time, the counselors came in to wake us up."

"The counselors smelled the pee when they came into the cabin. They went bunk to bunk, waking up each girl, then asking if she had wet the bed. Each girl said no, of course, so they would tell her to pull back her blanket then stand next to her bed. The counselors went down the line until they got to me, I remember my voice cracking as I admitted to being wet. Instead of making me stand next to my bed they told me to stay in it while the investigated the other girls in the cabin. After they got the other 19 girls standing next to their dry beds, the counselors announced that I had peed in my bed. I'll never forget the laughter as my blanket was pulled back....after that it got worse."

"I had to stand next to the wet bunk, my wet pajamas clung to my butt for everyone to see. Then the counselors told me to bend over, my face was right in the middle of the huge wet stain on my sheets! I hated the smell!"

"I was left in that disgusting position while they woke up the campers in the other cabins. The boys and girls from all the other cabins were led single file to our cabin to see my wet ass bent over smelling my own piss soaked sheets. After everyone was assembled for breakfast in the dining hall, I was finally allowed to take my face out of my wet bunk. The reprieve was short lived!"

"I was taken to the front of the morning assembly and stripped naked in front of the camp. My wet panties were placed on my head, so I had to smell my accident again. I was given a white t-shirt that was too small, little kid underwear, and clear plastic panties to put over the little kid underwear. That was my uniform for the rest of the week."

"Much like your school, Grace, our summer camp proceeded to limit my access to the bathroom. I peed in those plastic panties at least once every day! The little kid underwear wouldn't soak up much of the urine so you could see the yellow liquid sloshing around in those clear plastic panties until it slowly leaked past the elastic bands and down my legs."

"Thank god this was before social media and smart phones! I was utterly humiliated, but at least I didn't end up on the internet."

Grace gasped "All that because of mom!"

"At the time I didn't know it was her" said Julie. "I went days wondering why I wet the bed."

"I had no clue all that would happen to her!" Erica said. "I thought it was funny when they paraded the other campers in to see her wet pajamas as she smelled the sheets. By the time she was getting stripped naked at morning assembly I felt pretty guilty. When I realized how bad her punishment was, I got scared. I spent all week expecting to get found out."

"When we got home our parents were so mad at Julie." Erica looked at her sister with a guilty face. "When Dad said he was going to make her wear diapers for a year I decided I should fess up. Julie didn't speak to me for months! It was pretty mean of me. I am really not surprised that Julie never got over it."

Erica turned from Grace to Julie, "I've been wet for a couple hours now, I can feel a rash starting on my legs. May I please go clean up now?"

"Go" said Julie. "Grace and I will make lunch while you scrub your clothes and clean yourself. Don't forget to put that soothing cream on your butt, it should help numb the stinging."

*049*2021-09-26 01:59

Erica returned from her long cleanup wearing loose fitting sweat pants. "Not only is my ass sore from that paddling, it's swollen too! Thank goodness I found some pants that aren't too tight. Do you two mind if I stand during lunch?"

"I bet you stand for everything today, probably sleep on your stomach too!" Julie giggled. "I was watching the videos that were posted online, you have way more views than any other mom from today's session."

"This is not how I wanted to become famous" sighed Erica. "I sure wish Heather Blanc had peed during her paddling! I didn't want to be the only one on that stage in wet pants."

"What are they making her do for community service?" asked Grace. "Maybe it will be something that takes so long that she'll wet during it."

"I don't know what they're going to make her do but, I hope it is long and in a very public part of the school!" answered Erica. "I know that I'll be struggling during mine. They set my 8 hours per day cleaning restrooms to immediately follow my hour of changing diapers. I will need to hold my bladder for 9 hours straight. I know how tough it's been for you to make a whole day without toilet access, or an accident; I am sure it will be equally tough for me."

"Speaking of more accidents," interupted Julie. "If the punishment at home is supposed to increase with each pants wetting, what are you adding for the next time either of you wet yourself?"

"I suppose a good mother evaluates the effectiveness of discipline and modifies it as needed" responded Erica. "Since Grace's second accident at school was a result of being restricted from the toilet, and both of my recent accidents happened during my paddling, we can safely say we aren't wetting for lack of toilet training. There is no use adding reflective measures like more toilet sitting."

"I think we should continue the toilet log" Erica continued. "The chart seems to be something the PTA Conduct Committee liked. They also seemed pleased that spanking with the belt got added, I guess we better keep that. Grace, what do you think?"

"Can we stop hand scrubbing our wet clothes?" Grace asked. "I think it's disgusting!"

"No, that one we'll keep." Erica said "That is one consequence that I should have used a couple months ago when you wet yourself laughing. It isn't painful but it sure makes you think about what you should have done differently."

Julie said "It seems like the PTA commitee really likes to see unpleasnt, painful, and embarassing consequences."

"Yeah" said Erica. "I'm worried they'll sanction me with 100 swats of the paddle if I have to appear before them again."

Grace let out a long sigh. "I'm not allowed the toilet at school for a whole month. There's no way I can make it that many days without another accident. It's going to happen again. Mom, I am really sorry!"

"Maybe if we use a punishment at home that is severe enough the Conduct Committee will let me off with only 75 swats" Erica said. "I suspect I would pass out if they give me 100. I just don't know what would appease them enough to keep it at 75."

"I have an idea" said Julie, looking at Erica. " I am pretty sure Grace will be completely against it, you won't be too happy either. I just can't think of anything else the PTA Conduct Committee will find humiliating enough to be a decent punishment."

"If it will keep mom's paddling down, I will do anything!" exclaimed Grace. "Belt my butt naked if we have to, just make it easier on mom!"

Julie gave her niece a long look. "A bare bottom belting is a start. We probably need to double the belting to 20 lashes. Maybe 10 over the wet pants followed by the last 10 on the bare butt. The next suggestion is the one you will hate."

Grace looked at her mom. "You've suffered way to much because of me already." Turning to Aunt Julie she said "I'll take whatever it is, no matter how painful!"

"It won't be painful" said Julie. "It will be incredibly unpleasant. Remember what I told you about wetting the bed at camp? Of all the things they did to punish me, the one I remember most vividly was having my wet panties put on my face. To this day, whenever I feel a little bladder urgency, I think about how miserable it was to smell my own wet underwear. That memory has sent me scurrying to the restroom whenever I feel the tiniest bit desperate. I have never even been close to an accident since then. It was one doozey of a deterrent!"

Grace's face scrunched up in a mixture of disgust, horror, and fear. "Oh no! Anything but that! I can't handle anything so nasty! Please no!"

Erica's face twisted too, she found herself gagging at the thought. "Are you sure, Sis?"

"I can't think of anything else more humiliating" answered Julie. "Can you think of anything else that is horrible enough to mitigate your paddling if Grace wets her pants again?"

"Erica hugged Grace, who was now so upset she was shaking. "I'm sorry, Aunt Julie is right. My bottom could barely take 50! I know it is horrible, I just don't see any other hope of keeping my next paddling under 100."

"I know it isn't any comfort" Erica continued. "Just remember that these rules apply to me too. If I pee my pants during community service next week, I'll be wearing pissy underwear on my head too."

Erica went on "In fact, I'll probably get it more than you. The next time you wet your pants at school, will be the last time. You will be put into diapers after that; the school won't punish you for a wet diaper, so as long as you don't start wetting yourself at home or out shopping you'll never get this punishment again."

"I, on the other hand" sighed Erica, will probably piss my pants at least a couple days, if not everyday, of my community service. Plus, it is nearly guaranteed that I will pee during my next paddling. I'm looking at pissy panties on my head 4 or 5 times in just the next week!"

Erica looked her daughter in the eye. "It's a miserable punishment, but we'll both get through it. It's been over 25 years since it happened to Julie; she survived it and so will we."

"Oh mom! I don't want to pee my pants again! I don't want to be put in diapers! I don't want you to get another sanction from the Maternal Responsibility Act! I don't want to wear pissy underwear on my face! I don't want a bare butt belting!"

Grace looked at her mom and aunt. "I hate how my classmates look at me while I squirm and hold myself. If I'm sitting at my desk the boys are watching my chest as I bounce in my chair. If I'm standing or walking the boys are watching my butt jiggle. If it gets so bad I have to put my hand between my legs, then the boys are fantasizing about all the things they want to see or do in my crotch. The girls just want me to hurry up and piss myself so the boys will think I'm gross; then they won't have to worry about their boyfriends dumping them to hook up with me."

"The days last week that I was able to hold my urine were actually more humiliating than either time I peed in my pants. The stares, jeers, and whispers behind my back as I was squirming were soooo much worse than the teasing for wetting."

Erica told her daughter "If wetting your pants is less embarassing, and certainly less painful than holding a full bladder for hours, then just find a discrete place to wet yourself when you start to feel a full bladder."

"But you'll get paddled if I pee my pants! Oh, I'll never make it a month!"

"I won't be mad at you, Grace. I want you to decide what is best for yourself. I've already prepared myself, I'll be ready for whatever happens."

