Professional Businesswomen Hold Their Pee

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2025-10-19 04:18

Note: This story basically takes place in the same City Without a Ladies Room universe I've written two separate stories about (The City Without a Ladies Room, & The Very Desperate Date), but you don't have to have read those stories to enjoy this one. It's not a sequel to either, nor do any of the characters from the prior stories appear in this one.

It's just another exciting tale exploring the accepted social norms in a city without a ladies room where urinals are plentiful, and women are expected to hold it.

=====

Professional Businesswomen Hold Their Pee

Gloria had long made it a habit to skip her only chance to pee at work during her hourlong lunchbreak, choosing instead to willingly hold it for her entire 10 hour workday. Peeing at work obviously wasn't an option for Gloria or the other women, as all the bathrooms in the city had urinals for the men, but nothing for the women, so obviously the women were stuck holding it. After all women in our city without a ladies room were expected to be able to cross their legs and hold it while they were out in public. And many in the corporate world considered it especially improper for a professional businesswoman to pee during her shift, regardless of if she was working just a 4 hour shift, or a nightmarishly long 24 hour shift.

Even though these strict expectations always left her bursting to pee by the end of her shift, Gloria insisted that she didn't mind holding it. "It's not a big deal for me to cross my legs and hold it for a while Matt. I mean it's just what us businesswomen are expected to do in the corporate world" she would tell me casually whenever I asked her about it.

But I knew that Gloria wasn't just holding it all day at work due to a general aversion to peeing during work hours, it was also due to her ambitions to climb the corporate ladder. Women in management positions were expected to maintain a professional business demeanor throughout the day, as such they weren't allowed to pee during their shift. They weren't even allowed to pee during their breaks, not even if it was an emergency. Women in management positions could get in big trouble for behaving unprofessionally if they peed during work, including peeing during their lunch break.

While many women outside of management would still pee during their lunchbreaks despite it being frowned upon, it was common for young and ambitious women angling for a promotion like Gloria to hold it all day at work as a way to stand out from their rivals. And it was clear to everyone in the office that Gloria was a rising star who was well on her way to a promotion to a management position in the coming months.

Though I wasn't in management, Gloria often worked closely with me throughout the day, so we knew each other well. She knew full well that I enjoyed it when her and the other women all really needed to pee towards the end of their shift, but she didn't mind. A lot of guys in the city enjoyed it when she and the other ladies needed to pee really bad, and a lot of women in the city enjoyed holding their pee in, so my interest wasn't unusual.

Sometimes throughout the year we attended in-person training courses together, today was one of those days. We had the option of taking the training either on a Saturday morning at the local university, or just afterwork on a Thursday evening at the Yellow Rivers Hotel.

I told Gloria that I'd prefer we take the Thursday evening timeslot, so that the training wouldn't eat into our weekend. While that was part of the reason I preferred the Thursday timeslot, my main reason for wanting it was admittedly much more nefarious. I wanted to make Gloria hold it for as long as possible, and I knew full well that she wouldn't have any time to run home for a quick afterwork pee break before our training. So she'd have to hold it for much longer than her usual 10 hours that day, probably at least a good 15 hours if I had to guess, which was exactly what I wanted.

Gloria obviously knew that if we took the Thursday timeslot, she'd have to hold it from the early morning till well into the evening. Yet she didn't bother to voice her preference for the Saturday morning timeslot. Instead, she gave me a knowing look, nodded her head, and agreed that it'd be better to avoid working over the weekend, before adding "and besides, I'm sure your preference for Thursday has nothing to do with the fact that I'd be attending the training right after working a 10 hour shift, without any chance for a pee break". Caught red-handed, I nodded my head in acknowledgement. Gloria smirked but reaffirmed "go ahead and book it then, I don't mind holding my pee", so I eagerly booked our training for next Thursday evening before she could change her mind.

I should note that Gloria always had the option to run home and pee during her lunchbreak of course, but I knew her ambition to climb the corporate ladder wouldn't allow it. If corporate policy was that women in management positions didn't pee during their shift no matter how late they worked then Gloria wouldn't pee either. Gloria's decision to not even try pushing for the Saturday morning timeslot was probably nothing more than an attempt to look good for her career, since none of the women in management would have hesitated to pick the Thursday timeslot either. So I knew that Gloria would be in for quite a desperate evening, the sinister part of me looked forward to seeing Gloria on the verge of peeing her pants by the end of the night.

On the day of our training Gloria drank about a liter of water throughout the morning like she usually did, plenty enough to give herself at least a noticeable urge to pee by noon. Many of the women at the office hurried home to pee during their lunchbreak that day, but Gloria and plenty of other women ignored their chance for a midday pee break and continued to hold it like proper businesswomen. This was probably the only chance that Gloria was going to have all day to pee until we finished our training in the late evening. So even though I already knew the answer I asked Gloria "do you want to run home and pee, or are you good with holding it and going out to lunch with me?". Gloria sighed in visible annoyance as she stood stiffly with her legs pressed close together, fidgeting ever so slightly.

"I know that I probably won't get another chance to pee till late in the evening if I don't go now" she acknowledged as she shifted around uncomfortably. "But I mean I'm not a little girl, so of course I'm still going to hold it Matt. I wouldn't look like a professional businesswoman in anyone's eyes if I took a frivolous pee during my lunchbreak, especially when all the other businesswomen came back from their break still holding a very unrelieved bladder. I mean that's just what us business ladies are expected to do in the corporate world, and I certainly don't mind holding my pee" she insisted with an air of confidence. I nodded my head approvingly and complimented Gloria on her willingness to skip her chance to pee during her break for the sake of professional etiquette, which Gloria seemed to appreciate.

Lunch of course involved more drinks for Gloria. We went out for some quick fast food for lunch. Gloria was originally going to order a medium soda with her meal, until I pointed out that thanks to a limited time offer the extra-large soda was the same price but had 50% more soda. So ever the fiscally sensible businesswoman Gloria of course ordered the larger drink, without considering how costly the city's lack of a ladies room could make the effects of the extra soda on her steadily filling bladder. And even though she was starting to fidget around a bit in obvious discomfort she still made sure to drain every drop of soda that she had paid for before we left, all 32 ounces (946 ml). 

I smiled inwardly knowing that Gloria's frugalness was inadvertently going to contribute to her swollen bladder's woes throughout the day. The afternoon had only just started, and yet thanks to her extra-large soda Gloria's bladder would soon be several hundred milliliters fuller than it typically was by this point in the day. If she kept this up, then she was probably going to be absolutely bursting for a pee by the time she sat down for our training in the evening.

We got back to the office with plenty of time to spare. Gloria lived so close to the office that she could have easily used the spare time to run home for a quick after-lunch pee break in the privacy of her own bathroom, and still gotten back with at least 10 minutes to spare. But of course, Gloria's desire to look the part of a professional businesswoman met that peeing during business hours was completely out of the question for her. So instead, she walked back to her desk with her bladder feeling noticeably more unrelieved after her break than before she had taken it.

By 4:55 PM Gloria and a lot of the other businesswomen in the office were getting restless now that their bladder had grown so heavy and swollen over the last 10 hours. And all because they had willingly passed up their only chance to pee all shift, all while the rest of the women had sensibly taken the chance to run home and pee during their lunchbreak. I had peed in the urinals 3 times already throughout my shift, and could scarcely imagine how my bladder would be feeling if I had purposely not peed even once like these iron bladdered professional business ladies had!

All the women in my part of the office had skipped their chance to pee earlier, and they were all now crossing their legs or grinding their thighs together. A few really desperate women were even openly grabbing their crotch. This wasn't much of a surprise, given that none of these women had been shy about staying well hydrated throughout the day. The most daring woman, a short and petite intern named Sara, had confidently drank 7 large cups of coffee over the last 10 hours, both her hands were now glued firmly to her crotch as she waited anxiously for her shift to end. Gloria meanwhile had just drank an extra-large soda over lunch, followed by yet another liter of water over the last few hours, so I knew that her poor bladder had to be getting quite heavy and swollen. Gloria had looked a bit uncomfortable at the start of the afternoon, but now she was constantly fidgeting around in her seat.

Much as I would have loved to stick around and continue enjoying how desperate all the ladies around me were getting, me and Gloria needed to make sure that we weren't late for our training this evening. Our training started at 6 PM at the Yellow Rivers Hotel, which was all the way on the other side of the city. Plus we needed to stop somewhere along the way to grab dinner, so we were probably going to be cutting it close if we didn't leave soon. So I started shutting down my laptop, and reminded Gloria to do the same, adding "maybe we should consider grabbing a cup of coffee along the way for an evening caffeine boost. The training usually runs long, so we might not even get out of there until after midnight".

Gloria frowns unpleasantly as she fidgets around restlessly in her seat. "I wouldn't be opposed to grabbing a coffee, but I sure hope things don't run past midnight Matt. There would be a lot of very unhappy girls with a very full bladder who would miss the last bus home and have to stay the night". For context, the Yellow Rivers Hotel, where we'd surely stay the night in such a scenario, was infamous among women for having a large supply of what were effectively 'toiletless' rooms to them, which had just a single urinal for the men, and nothing for the ladies to use. They did have a limited number of rooms available with a regular sit-down toilet for the women, but since all the women wanted those rooms, they were often sold out. So Gloria knew that if things ran too long, she'd probably have to take a room with only a men's urinal that she couldn't even use, and all with a very full bladder!

It took a couple minutes for a somewhat fidgety Gloria to finish packing her travel bag, so by the time we were ready to leave it was already just past 5 PM, the end of everyone else's workday. You could always tell around this time of the day which of the women had the most sorely overstretched bladders after holding their pee for over 10 long hours. They were the women who were the most insistent on leaving the second their shift ended. If they were really desperate and someone held them up, they might try and hang on for a bit longer, but eventually they'd apologize and insist that they needed to pee very badly before hurrying out the door. While most of these desperate ladies still managed to maintain their professional demeanor even with a heavily swollen bladder and walk calmly towards the exit with us, our poor intern Sara was so desperate to pee that she bolted right past us with a fist shoved deep into her crotch.

But of course, while Sara and the rest of the desperate business ladies could run home and take a badly needed pee, Gloria couldn't pee even if she wanted to. There simply wasn't any time for her to pee before the training. And Gloria knew that even though her bladder had already grown quite full throughout her 10 hour shift, a professional businesswoman like herself had to tough it out and keep holding it, at least until her shift ended after our training wrapped up.

On our way to the bus stop I made sure that we stopped at the coffee kiosk to grab a cup of coffee. The coffee kiosk was run by an attractive woman in her mid-20's, while she dutifully took our order, I couldn't help but notice the way she squirmed around anxiously, as if she'd been holding it all day, she probably had. Since we were having dinner soon, we each only ordered a small 8 oz (237 ml) cup. As I watched Gloria take a sip from her cup I couldn't help but smile at the thought of what all that added fluid intake was going to do to her already swollen bladder. The things that iron bladdered businesswomen in this city like Gloria were willing to do for the sake of remaining professional was incredible to witness firsthand.

We joined three other businesswomen already waiting at the bus stop. Though none of us said a word, it was clear to me that all three of these women were anxious to get home and pee. All three of them couldn't help but shove a fist into their crotch and squirm around frantically in an obvious potty dance. Gloria meanwhile stood calmly off to the side sipping on her coffee, the only hint of her shared plight with the other desperate women being how she squeezed her thighs together.

Unfortunately, the bus was running late today, much to the displeasure of Gloria and the other desperate women. I watched Gloria grow more annoyed as the minutes slowly ticked by. She tried to put up a stiff upper lip as she waited with growing impatience in the chilly evening air, but as she drained the rest of her coffee while the minutes slowly ticked by, her composure began to slip. I caught her grabbing her crotch a few times as she glared irritably at her smartwatch, no doubt thinking wistfully about how if this were any other day she could've easily been sitting at home peeing in her own toilet at that very moment.

We ended up waiting for just over 10 minutes before the bus finally arrived, plenty of time for Gloria to have run home for a quick pee after all. But obviously I wasn't complaining that Gloria didn't get to pee, as far as I was concerned the fuller her bladder got the better, and I was hoping that it would get a lot fuller by the end of the night. I loved knowing that Gloria and the rest of the professional businesswomen attending the evening training were willingly showing up to a 5+ hour event with their bladders already full to the brim after a long day at work.

=====

That's it for this chapter, let me know what you think. Hopefully I can finish this story in less time then it took me to finish my last two stories in this universe. Part of why I posted this is because the perfectionist in me kept on going back to modify what I had already written to try to make it even better. And because I know that some people have been craving more stories from me, and it's been quite a while since I posted any.

*005*2025-10-21 02:55

{{22 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

I love this city and I'm glad you're continuing to write more stories in this universe! Looking forward to the next chapter! And please take your time, it is worth it waiting for the high quality writing you produce!

}}

Thanks. And yeah, the perfectionist in me won't let me rush to pump out content as quick as possible. It takes me quite a while to write my stories so progress is slow, but I hope the high quality makes up for it. I had a bit more written than I posted, but the place I ended part 1 at just felt like a great spot to end the chapter.

{{11 hours ago, archiveIsCool said:

"Yellow Rivers Hotel"

}}

🙂 Let's just say that as I hinted at in part 1 it's no ordinary hotel, even by the standards of the city without a ladies room.

