Might Is Merit: A Rivenwelle Tale

Author: Foxlover

*009*2021-02-28 00:23

DISCLAIMER: Bit of a "dryer" (heh) chapter in comparison to the last one, but still important, and it sets up the final chapter to be posted next!

CW: FUTA. IF YOU'RE NOT INTO THAT, DO NOT CONTINUE PAST THIS POINT. I WARNED YE.

CHAPTER 4: The Wager

Melina blew a piece of flaxen hair out of her eye as she moved around the entrance to the weapons’ hut, thatched broom in hand, sweeping away stray bits of straw and debris from around the shed as Khamina, the guard captain sat by a whetstone, meticulously sharpening the edge of her battle axe.

After a little more than a week’s worth of menial tasks for the orcs, the girl had changed somewhat in appearance. Her clothes consisted of little more than her roughspun trousers, boots and a sleeveless tunic with bindings around her chest to keep the rough material of her tunic from rubbing her breasts raw. She’d also fallen into somewhat of a routine; Each morning she’d have breakfast with Orla, then it was off immediately to the dining hall to clean up after the perimeter guard’s morning meal.

She’d since mixed a tincture of limewort and saphroot which, when added to water, created a solution that practically neutralized all manner of germ and foodstuff on the dishes, leaving them ‘sparklier than an elf-whore’s nipple-studs’, according to Khamina. In the afternoon she’d avail herself of whatever chores the Chief assigned to her; sometimes she’d be back in Orla’s hut helping her mend torn britches and boots, or on days where there was an Endurance Match, throwing fresh water on the inevitable pools of urine on the battle pitch and covering it with fresh, clean dirt.

Luckily, Urza had caught wind of the “special attention” the winners of these matches were getting, and the increased scrutiny made it so the orcs no longer propositioned the human serving girl for some after-battle “relief”. However, that didn’t mean she herself didn’t let her hands linger in places they maybe shouldn’t, the tiniest of smirks on her face at every twitch, snort and coo she was able to elicit when she prodded the right spot. Being the smallest and weakest person in the camp, it gave Melina a great deal of satisfaction to know she had some small power over these jade-skinned amazons...and she couldn’t deny the heat in her own core watching these broad-shouldered behemoths shudder in time with her ministrations.

In the evening she’d make her rounds through the perimeter guard, bringing them food if they were on the transition shift, and then back to chores while the rest of the camp was on leisure. The orcs had seemingly gotten used to Melina’s presence, and while they certainly weren’t all the way to hospitable, they were much less deliberately unkind as when she’d first arrived. Some of them had even engaged her in conversation; Khamina would always acknowledge her on her way out of the compound for scouting, as would Ognild and Ghora. With them gone, the camp was left to the eye of the perimeter guard for vigilance and protection.

This particular part of the day had been crucial to the plan she and Orla had come up with.

If Melina was going to win the match, she was going to need any advantage...or rather, her opponent was going to need a disadvantage. Orla explained that there was a fungus that grew in a patch not far from her called lumencap, and that it acted as a natural diuretic for orcs...one that worked extremely fast given orc-kind’s ridiculously fast metabolisms. Melina had found the revelation almost ironic given how she’d gotten into this mess, but the knowledge that she was already familiar with the reagent made her more confident. Every night, while everyone else slept, Melina and Orla would sneak out of the compound, underneath two rotted logs at the end of the wall near Orla’s hut, which conveniently lay in a blind spot for the guard towers. Orla led, since it was too risky to light a fire and her blindness meant she could navigate just as well in the dark as she could in the light.

When they got to the patch, the two of them would immediately get to work, filling their sacks with as much lumencap as they could before hightailing it back to the compound. They’d been doing this for the past several nights, and Melina had to admire Orla’s deftness in moving through the forest despite her handicap; they’d never once come close to being caught. In fact, according to Orla, they only need a couple more sacks of the stuff before they were ready for the next phase of their plan.

She was shocked out of her idle thoughts as her absentminded sweeping took her in the path of a stone, which she promptly tripped over.

“Careful there, man-cub....” Khamina grunted offhand as she lifted the axe to inspect her work. Melina righted herself immediately, reddening a bit and getting back to her sweeping.

“Dammit, edge keeps chipping…” Khamina grunted, frowning down at the blade in displeasure. Melina looked up at the miniscule chinks in the edge of the axe, and then at the orc herself. “You’re not doing it right…” She murmured.

Khamina looked up with equal parts annoyance and surprise, her lips curling over her tusks. “Fuck yeh mean, I’m ‘not doin’ it right’? I’m Captain o’ the guard, I been sharpenin’ me axe years before yeh got here, humie.” She grunted.

Melina pursed her lips, but she was undeterred. “The blade’s iron, isn’t it? Iron’s softer than steel, you need to apply less weight on the whetstone if you want the edge to be even.”

Khamina frowned, looking down at her blade and then up at Melina again with confusion. “Yeah? And how does a scrawny little thing like you know anythin’ about weapons?” She huffed, peering down at the girl curiously.

Melina went back to sweeping. “Back home my father was a blacksmith. He supplied the weapons to our local militia, and he’d bring me to the shop sometimes while mother was away on her seamstress work.”

Khamina grunted, looking back down at her weapon. Her eyes flitted briefly to Melina before she began honing the edge of the axe again...this time with a significantly lighter touch.

As Melina continued to sweep, she’d hear a grumble behind her. “Hmph...not bad, humie…” Khamina muttered as she held the axe aloft, looking at it with grudging admiration.

Melina smiled to herself as she continued to sweep, the praise from the orcess being no less satisfying for it having been reluctant. “I’m glad I could help.” She murmured. “Word is you’ve got a match tomorrow…”

Khamina snorted. “‘S’right. Against Malash. My mead’s been disappearin’, and I fuckin’ know it’s her. She keeps denying it, even when I can smell it right on her breath.”

Melina’s face darkened somewhat at the mention of Malash. Out of all the orcs in the village, Malash was the only one Melina actively disliked. Ever since Khamina’d kept Malash from harassing her, the dusky green orcess had had it in for Melina, tripping her whenever they passed by one another, “accidentally” spilling mead down Melina’s front...she’d even pulled her loin cloth aside to let go a boiling gout of piss on a spot of the floor Melina had just finished cleaning, and forced her to start over with a cackle.

“Hmph...she probably did. Arrogant green bitch…” Melina muttered, prompting a whistle from Khamina.

“Got some stones on you, man-cub, better not let her catch yeh sayin’ that…”

A thrill of fear went through Melina as she realized she might’ve just gotten herself in trouble, but as she turned towards Khamina, she realized the guard captain was smirking. “Yeah, she gets on my fuckin’ nerves too, but she’s not a bad sort, really. She’s just a bastard.” She murmured, shrugging.

In spite of herself, Melina chuckled… Khamina was probably the only orc besides Orla that Melina felt was on her side, somewhat. She stood to full height, stretching her back a bit from being hunched over sweeping. “Nng, well...bastard or not, I feel bad for her… I’ve heard no one’s ever beaten you in an Endurance Match before…”

Khamina smirked, rolling her shoulders back. “You’re damn right. I’m the fuckin’ best there is, ‘cept for the Chief… Hope Malash enjoyed my mead, cause I’m gonna make her spray the dirt with it.” She blustered confidently, holding up an arm and flexing a bicep proudly. Melina chuckled again, though her face was a bit red from the display...Khamina was, in truth, quite fetching for a hulking warrior.

“And not just strong, but...here, c’mere…” The guard captain beckoned Melina over with a crooked finger. The girl frowned, intrigued, setting down her broom and doing as Khamina asked. The orc glanced around to see that no one was watching, she swung her hips around and stretched upwards.

Melina’s eyes bulged out of her head as Khamina revealed a bulge in her abdomen that Melina had seen on some women back in her village when they were days away from giving birth. She’d never seen such a rotund protrusion being owed to a bladder before, but the skin around it was taut and stretched so thin Melina could all but hear the ocean of urine churning inside of it.

Khamina grinned at the awe clearly displayed on the girl’s face, obviously quite proud of the reaction she was able to elicit. “Two days, and not a drop missing. Malash’s ass is going in the dirt.” She boasted, snorting around her tusks.

Melina continued to stare, transfixed, at the quivering protrusion in the orc’s abdomen, her cheeks colored and her eyes somewhat glazed over. Khamina’s grin widened. “Heh...wanna feel it?”

Melina’s eyes looked up into the smirking captain’s for a moment, and there was hardly a moment of hesitation before she reached out, her hand running against the taut green flesh. “...Goodness…” She breathed. She’d seen impressive bulges on the orcs before, but feeling one pulsating beneath her fingers…

She swallowed, her cheeks darkening even more. Khamina’s lips pulled back over her teeth as her grin widened even more, reveling in the attention and seemingly unbothered by the hand running over the sensitive surface of her stretched bladder...though one could see the hitches in her breath as the girl prodded at it. Melina actually found herself unable to pull away; if the Guard Captain could be this full and show little to no signs of struggle, what chance would she have against the Chief? Orla had better have some plan…

“Oi!” Called a familiar voice from behind them, causing Melina to quickly pull her hand away and resume sweeping as Khamina picked her axe once more.

Malash sauntered up to the pair, looking just as grumpy and foul-tempered as ever. Khamina looked up at her, snorting as she set the axe back to the grindstone.

“Khamina, it’s nearly time for the guard to start rounds.” The orc said, looking her captain in the eye.

Khamina continued to sharpen her weapon, her gaze not leaving Malash’s. “I’m th’ captain, I know what time it is.”

Malash scowled. “So? Shouldn’t we be gettin’ on? Night’s nearly upon us’...” She muttered, pointing towards the northern end of the camp where the sun was hurriedly approaching the horizon.

Khamina huffed. “I’m the Captain, and we’ll leave when I say we leave.” She replied, a dangerous edge in her voice as she raised her glance towards her subordinate.

Malash snorted, her scowl deepening, but she didn’t dare contradict her superior...at least, not openly. Frustrated, she turned her gaze on Melina, still sweeping. “Oi, humie. You missed a spot... “ She huffed as she purposely kicked dust up into Melina’s face, causing her to cough and sputter as she tried to wipe the dirt out of her eyes.

Malash grinned, kicking away the girl’s broom and causing her to tumble to the ground with a chuckle. “Little pink weakling…” She sneered.

“Malash, that’s enough.” Khamina huffed, now glaring at the orcess.

Malash’s grin dissipated immediately, and she glowered up at the Captain. “Oi, what’s your problem? Ever since the humie got here you been treatin’ her like she’s yer pet or somethin’.”

Khamina set her jaw. “She’s workin’. All you’re doing is hinderin’ that.”

Malash crossed her arms. “I don’t think so, Captain, I think you’re gettin’ soft on us.”

At that, Khamina rose to full height, corpulent bladder and all. “And I think you need to watch who yer fuckin’ talking to, Malash.” She hissed, her face contorted in such a fury that it would likely give even the staunchest men nightmares.

Malash refused to back down now, though, even as Khamina got right up in her face, being a good two inches taller. “Hmph, maybe I’ll tell the Chief you’re gettin’ a little too attached to the meat…” She growled. “Maybe th’ guard needs a change in leadership…”

At that, Khamina lunged forward, grabbing a fistful of Malash’s tunic and yanking her in with a fierce tug.

Melina watched from the sidelines, eyes still watering and heart beating as the two orc women glared at each other, anger and loathing on their faces, but...also something else...a deeper emotion Melina couldn’t quite parse through. Khamina’s eyes narrowed. “If yeh fuckin’ got something to say t’me, Malash…” She hissed in a dangerously low whisper. “...I’d be sayin’ it. I’m already putting your ass in the dirt for drinking my mead, yeh really wanna challenge me for the helm too? After what happened last time?” She snarled, her shoulders flexing menacingly.

Malash’s sneer persisted, but it seemed the threat was enough to make it so she decided to eat the loss.

“...No…” She grumbled, lowering her head even as her fists clenched by her side.

Khamina snorted again, backing up. “I thought so. Now get out of my fuckin’ sight.” She hissed, shoving the orcess away.

Malash set her jaw, still seething, but she did as she was asked, turning and stalking away.

Melina released a breath she didn’t know she’d been holding, looking back at Khamina. “...Wow... “ She breathed.

Khamina grunted. “Like I said…'' She muttered, her eyes glued to Malash’s retreating form. “A bastard.”

She hefted her axe, looking down at Melina. “You’re done here. Go on back to yer quarters.”

Melina nodded, scrambling up and fetching a broom, swallowing with a newly-rekindled fear of the orc captain. “Yes ma’am…” she muttered, turning and scurrying in the direction of Orla’s hut.

Khamina watched her go for a moment before taking a deep shuddering breath, reaching a big, meaty hand between her thighs and squeezing. “Fuck, that was close…” She hissed to herself.

Melina didn’t stop running all the way to Orla’s hut, her heart pounding in her chest and her legs feeling like jelly.

As she reached the small abode, she didn’t slow down, throwing open the door and dashing inside before slamming it shut behind her, still breathing heavily.

Orla looked up from the knife she was sharpening, frowning. “Melina?” She murmured, her sightless eyes turning in the direction of the girl’s heavy breathing. “What’s the matter?”

Melina continued to pant for a few more moments as she struggled to catch her breath, bits of hair sticking up at odd angles as she leaned against the door frame.

She swallowed, looking up at Orla. “I...Malash came by while I was sweeping up axe shavings around Captain Khamina...I-I think Malash was trying to challenge her for control of the guard…”

Orla blinked and rolled her eyes, going back to her tincture. “Oh, those two again… it’s all bluster, Malash isn’t actually going to do anything...especially not after last time…”

Melina pushed off of the door, rubbing her legs. “Captain Khamina said something similar, what...happened?” The girl asked, glancing at the small window above the table to make sure no one was coming.

Orla scoffed. “Back when Khamina first became Captain, Malash was the one she beat out. Malash never really got over that, even though she lost fair and square… but she decided to challenge Khamina again anyway. That was the first time wrestling was introduced… they were going at it for ages, neither giving in, even though you could tell they were both bursting… finally, Khamina managed to get Malash in a headlock, squeezed so hard she fainted...you can probably figure out what happened next.”

Melina swallowed. She could almost see in her mind’s eye, Malash’s body going limp as pee gushed from her quivering sphincter, splashing her legs and soaking the ground.

“...Wow…” Melina murmured.

Orla nodded. “Malash was humiliated. It was all anybody talked about for weeks… and to be honest, Khamina was kind of arrogant about it. Got to the point where a few of the orcs even thought maybe Malash wasn’t guard material, but Khamina vouched for her. Said it was a hard-won fight, and that Malash was still a capable warrior. Still, didn’t make Malash any less bitter, or Khamina any less of a blowhard.”

Melina frowned, looking at the ground. To suffer such an acute humiliation at the hands of another, and then be forced to serve under them...no wonder Malash was so unpleasant.

“So...they’ve hated each other since?”

At this, Orla chuckled. “The opposite, actually. Khamina says a bunch of shit to get a rise out of Malash, and Malash goes out of her way to be a thorn in the Captain’s side, but they both are just concealing the fact that they wanna fuck each other’s brains out.”

Melina’s eyes widened, her cheeks darkening even more. “I-they-huh?” She gulped.

Orla’s cheeks darkened as she continued to whet her knife. “When you get as good hearing as me, you can pick up on these things. Whenever they yell at each other, you know it’s only by Urza’s rule they aren’t tearing each other’s clothes off.”

Melina swallowed, an image of the two orcs locked in a passionate, sweaty embrace, growling as they clawed at each other's bodies rose unbidden in her mind. She flushed a bit, fidgeting a bit on the spot. “W-well, erm...okay, I guess if they don’t really mean to hurt each other…”

Orla shook her head. “Not in the traditional sense, anyway…” She smirked. “Now, down to business.” She murmured, coming from around the table. “Night’s coming fast...we’ve almost got enough lumencap for the job...one more jaunt should do it.”

Melina nodded. “And you’re sure she won’t taste it?”

Orla snorted. “Ever been around the Chief drinking mead? I don’t even think it touches her tongue.” she murmured, going back to sharpening the knife.

Melina nodded, but she still looked somewhat dubious. “Still if discretion is our friend, I don’t see why we need to take all this risk...we’ve got nearly a full harvest’s worth…”

Orla continued to sharpen away. “To make certain she controls the match, the Chief will most likely only drink from her personal stores of ale and mead… We don’t know which one she’ll use, so we’ll need enough to spread across all the barrels to make sure she’s fully saturated.” She said matter-of-factly.

Melina nodded, exhaling gently through her nose. “Alright. Just a few hours to nightfall, and we’ll retrieve the last bunch.”

And so, like the days before, the two girls waited until the sun had long since vanished and the moon was ascending into the sky to make their move. They each pulled on roughhide boots to mitigate unwanted noise, grabbed a knife and slung their packs over their shoulders before pushing the door open and quietly hurrying out into the night.

The evening was cool and clear, with a few clouds scurrying across the sky. Orla and Melina quickly made their way over to the same spot in the wall, pushing the logs out and crawling through the opening. As usual, Orla needed a little more time; they had to make the hole a tight fit to avoid making it too conspicuous, resulting in a tight squeeze for the diminutive but still larger-than-human orc girl.

They waited for the perimeter guard to pass their position, and then raced on fleet-feet towards the cover of the woods, not stopping until they were certain the leafy canopy shielded them from the light of the full moon.

Orla led them down the familiar path, and within moments Melina could see the lumencap patch, it’s silvery blue glow greatly diminished with how much they’d been taking from it.

“Not a lot left…” Melina whispered as she knelt in the damp soil and drew her knife.

“Then we take what’s there.” Orla whispered back, drawing her own knife.

The two made short work of the remainder of the patch, slicing the mushrooms at the stem and tossing them into their packs. After roughly a half hour, the log was cleared and Melina stood, wiping a bit of sweat off her brow. “Okay, that’s it...let’s get-”

She stopped as she heard voices in the distance. Orla sat up, obviously having heard them too.

They were still somewhat far off, but Melina could recognize the throaty alto of Khamina, and the gruff bark of Malash.

It was the guard… back early.

Melina and Orla both turned to each other, fear expressed in both seeing and blind eyes. They both scrambled to their feet and after taking hands, ran as fast as the darkness would allow back to the compound, but just as they burst through the treeline, they could see torchlight ahead as the scout guard approached, Khamina and Malash bickering and Ghora and Ognild behind them looking quite annoyed.

The pair ducked back behind the trees as they passed by, Melina’s heart hammering so fast in her chest she thought it might burst.

Finally, the troupe passed through onto the gate, and Melina and Orla took off towards the breach in the encampment, wiggling back inside and practically sprinting into the hut. They slammed the door behind them, immediately doubling over as they both tried to catch their breath.

After a few minutes of panting, Melina managed to pull herself upright, looking at Orla. A moment later, Orla did the same. Suddenly, they both burst out laughing, great bellowing guffaws that filled the hut with mirth and the release of nervous energy.

“Ha ha ha Eoth’s bollocks, I thought we were done for…ha...” Melina wheezed, holding her side.

Orla had slumped down into her chair. “Tell...tell me about it…hehe... I couldn’t even see where they were…”

Melina finally managed to get her breath back, staggering over to the table and plopping down in the opposite chair. She checked her pack; luckily most the lumencap survived the trip. “Well, at least we got what we came for…”

Orla nodded, already getting to her feet and moving towards the cupboards to fetch the rest of their stores of lumencap. She opened the cabinet, which perfumed the whole hut with a strange, almost citrusy scent. Orla pulled down the sacks and pulled out a large wooden bowl, big enough to cover nearly half the table, before setting it down and dumping them all in.

“Right, now we just need to grind it all down into a powder.” She murmured, taking her mortar and beginning to mash at the mountain of mushrooms. Melina observed her work, impressed at how quickly the skilled orcish alchemist was able to reduce a mound of lumencap into sifty particles.

“Now…” the orcess murmured, taking a cup down from the shelf and scooping a bit of the lumencap powder into it. “...To test its potency.”

She grabbed a nearby gourd of water and poured it over the powder before taking up a spoon to stir it all in.

Melina blinked, frowning as she looked from the cup to Orla. “Wait, you’re not gonna...drink it, are you?”

Orla gave Melina a dry smile. “Have to make sure it works, don’t we? We can surmise how quickly it will affect the Chief by how quickly it affects me. Bottoms up…” And with that, the blind orc upended the cup into her mouth, drinking the entire contents in one fell swoop.

Melina watched on tenterhooks as her friend consumed the liquid. “...How do you feel?” She asked.

Orla frowned, looking at the cup. “Well, not too much different, but I suppose it’ll need some time to...ooh... “ She murmured, a hand moving to her abdomen. “I just...felt a pang down there, haha…” She chuckled. “That’s inter-ngh!” She grunted, wincing a bit as she bent forward at the hip a bit.

Melina was immediately on her feet, moving over to the orc. “Orla? Orla! Are you alright?” She whispered frantically.

“Nng...I’m fine…” Orla muttered. “Ng, I just...I...ohhh…” She breathed as her thighs began to rub together.

Melina saw this, her eyes shifting from the sculpted orcish legs to her friend. “Is it working?”

Orla chuckled again, rubbing her abdomen. “Yeah, I...I think it is...the urge just sort of hit me out of nowhere, didn’t expect it to *nn* to be that fast, erm…Here, help me get this powder into a few pouches…”

Melina did as she was asked, fetching the pouches from the same cupboard and beginning to fill each one with lumencap powder. As they worked, she couldn’t help but notice Orla begin to look more and more anxious, her thighs rubbing together more and more. Hardly ten minutes later, Orla was having to stop in between each pouch to exhale and grasp at herself. “Haha, this...is working faster than I thought...the Chief doesn’t...doesn’t *nng* s-stand a chance…” She muttered, grinding her arse down into her seat.

Another ten minutes past, and Orla had gone from mildly uncomfortable to downright desperate. Try as she might, Melina couldn’t ignore the way the woman’s hips wiggled, or the way she pressed at her crotch, or the cute little groans of desperation she let slip. She was all but rocking back and forth now, gritting her teeth so hard her tusks jutted into her upper lip.

Finally, all the lumencap was accounted for...around 8 pouches worth, more than enough for Urza’s stores, according to Orla.

“G-good, now let’s….oh dear…” the orcess whimpered. She shuddered, and Melina could hear a quick *hiss* as Orla’s sphincter failed her for a moment before she regained control.

Melina’s eyes widened again. “Are you...wetting yourself?” She whispered. Orla bit her lip, giving no answer...but another, longer *hiss* told Melina all she needed to know.

“E-excuse me a moment…” Orla huffed as she practically leapt out of her chair, racing towards the door...but it was too late. The sudden movement was too much for Orla’s alchemically-strained bladder, and within seconds, warm golden urine began gushing forth, saturating Orla’s trousers immediately and soaking the mat in front of the door with the force of a heavy summer rain. The orcish alchemist’s shoulders sagged as her bladder continued to forcibly void itself on the door and the surrounding areas.

Melina couldn’t tear her eyes away… not from the deluge cascading down the orc’s legs, nor the way the wet fabric clung to her shapely posterior, nor the guttural groans of relief coming from between her pouty jade lips.

After a few moments, the flow subsided, and Orla was left standing there in her puddle. Neither one of them said anything for a moment. Melina felt somewhat dizzy, and a bit numb as she watched the orc turn around.

“Well...I suppose that means it works…” She murmured, biting her lip as she peered up at Melina.

Melina nodded. “I...suppose it does...uh, I’ll get the limewort…”

Once Orla had gotten cleaned up and most of her urine was being absorbed by the liberal amounts of limewort the two had applied to the puddle, Melina exhaled. “So then...Now all I have to do is challenge her?”

Orla nodded. “You’ll need Khamina. She can get you the audience you need, while I go to the ale-cellar and…” She held up a pouch of lumencap powder, grinning mischievously.

Melina nodded. She would just have to hope and pray that Malash had been right, and Khamina was indeed being soft on her. The two of them helped Orla fasten her alchemic pouches to her person and cover up with a cloak so as to not be detected.

“Alright, I think we’re ready…” Orla murmured. “But, before we go…”

She swallowed, and Melina was surprised to see the orc’s cheeks darken. “There’s, er...something you should know about the Chief. She doesn’t talk about it a lot, but it may help you increase your bargaining power…”

Melina blinked, fastening her tunic. “Well? What is it?”

Orla bit her lip, her cheeks darkening even more before she shuffled forward, cupping a hand around Melina’s ear and whispering into it.

Melina narrowed her eyes in confusion...before widening them in surprise...and her own cheeks colored red as she realized what the woman was saying. She bit her own lip, feeling goosebumps form on her skin as a warmth blossomed in her core.

“She...really?” Melina whispered, and Orla nodded, still dark in the cheeks. “It...might help, if you’re willing to take advantage of it. Now…let’s go.”

Melina nodded, and they pushed open the door once more, heading into the compound proper. As fortune would have it, the rest of the scout guard was present, sitting around a fire, laughing and chatting idly. Khamina, normally loud and boisterous, was a bit more subdued tonight, do doubt due to the full tankard of ale currently straining the walls of her bladder. Malash looked a bit rigid too...though oddly, they were sitting next to each other… perhaps they had resolved their earlier spat?

Melina took a deep breath, walking up to them as Orla snuck around them towards the Chief’s Abode.

“Captain Khamina…” She announced. At once, the chatter stopped, and all eyes turned to Melina. The girl swallowed, doing her best to steel her nerves in the face of all the orc women looking at her.

She took a step forward, clearing her throat. “Captain Khamina, I humbly come before you with a request.”

The orcs continued to stare at her, and for a moment there was nothing but silence. Suddenly, Ognild and Ghora burst out laughing.

“The...the fuck kind of announcement is tha-ha-hat?” Ognild exclaimed, clutching her stomach.

Ghora had almost fallen off her seat. Oi, humie, you’re not in a fuckin’ church!”

Khamina snorted. “Alright, you two, settle down…” she muttered, though her own face was curled up in a smirk. “What kind of ‘request’, man-cub?”

Melina swallowed again. “I would like an audience with the Chief.”

Khamina raised an eyebrow. “The Chief? What for?”

Melina set her jaw. “I have a proposition for her.” She murmured.

Khamina frowned as all the other orcs look on in curiosity.

“And what, pray tell, be this ‘proposition’?” Khamina murmured, idly scratching at her neck.

Melina leveled her gaze at the orc woman. “First things first. Do I have an audience?”

The other orcs looked at one another as Khamina kept her gaze focused on the girl. Finally, it seemed her curiosity won out. “Fine.” She murmured, getting up. “Follow me...and the rest of yeh’s...try not to do anything stupid till I get back.”

Melina exhaled gently as she followed Khamina away from the flames, trying to ignore how the other orcs’ gazes followed her across the pitch and up the steps of the Chief’s Abode.

“Whatever this proposition is, man-cub, I hope it’s worthwhile...Chief don’t see nobody for nuthin’...” Khamina muttered, looking down at the girl.

Melina nodded. “I understand...and thank you.” She said, looking up at the orc captain. Khamina nodded, a bit of a smirk on her face as she strode into the curtains.

Melina waited on the steps, idly wondering if Orla had managed to get to the stores yet. She sincerely hoped so, or this would all be for naught. This was her one chance...she had to make it count.

The flaps opened again, and out stepped Khamina. “The Chief doesn’t like being bothered at this hour, but...she’s curious, so...She’ll see you.” She murmured, looking down at Melina, who nodded, striding forward as Khamina held open the curtain for her.

The room was just like it had been the first time Melina was here, though now that she wasn’t dangling by her arms and trying not to wet herself, she was able to appreciate how rustic and nicely-designed the place was...though her eyes were immediately drawn to the centerpiece.

Chief Urza sat in her throne in a reclined pose that was relaxed, but still brimming with power, like a crouching tiger. Oddly, her legs were still covered, despite the warmth of the room. Her intense, greengold eyes locked Melina in a trance, and as she raised a hand to beckon the girl forth, Melina felt as though her body were moving automatically until she was stood in front of the woman.

“I am told you have a proposition to make of me, man-cub…” The Chieftess murmured in that commanding, rich alto of hers. “I am intrigued as to what you believe you can offer me, that I do not possess…”

Melina took a deep breath. “I am aware that you are...different, your grace. I am aware of your…’possession’.”

Urza’s eyes glinted dangerously, a frown curling on her lips. “Leave us.” She barked at her guards, her eyes never leaving Melina’s.

The orc guards turned to one another, confused, but unwilling to disobey their Chief. And so, one by one they filed out of the throne room, leaving the Chief and Melina alone.

“Choose your next words wisely, man-cub…” Urza growled. “They may be the last you ever speak.”

Melina swallowed, but she forced herself to continue. “I...was wondering why you always kept your legs covered…” She murmured, taking a tiny step forward. “This throne room is so warm, surely extra quilts would be uncomfortable, but you’re not trying to keep warm, are you, your Grace?” She asked, tilting her head as she continued to move forward.

“No, you’re hiding something...a great, long, strong, beautiful something…” She cooed gently, moving forward

The Chief looked wary, but she did not speak.

Between her legs, the quilt jumped.

The lack of resistance stoking her confidence, Melina continued. “A throbbing...needy something…” She breathed, slowly reaching for the quilt. Urza’s hand immediately reached out to grab her wrist, but Melina remained calm. “Please, your Grace...allow a poor sheltered girl to slake her curiosity?”

Slowly, the Chief’s hand released her wrist, and Melina moved to pull the quilt down and off of the Chief’s lap, revealing a loincloth that just barely covered what looked to be nearly a foot-long penis, the same dusky green as its owner and riddled with veins. The smooth glans twinkled in the firelight, and already Melina could see a bit of moisture gathering at the tip. Despite herself, Melina felt her mouth water...never before had she seen such a perfect specimen, and the fact that it was on a beautiful, bosomy orc chief made it all the more enticing. She swallowed the excess saliva...best not let on how awed she was…

“Ah...yes…” She breathed, her hand coming to rest on the Chief’s thigh, the back brushing against the underside of the length and causing it to spring almost immediately to full hardness.

Melina clucked her tongue sympathetically. “You are the victim of such cruelty, your Grace...bound by your own laws to hide a part of yourself, and such a beautiful part...and with the men away, you are forbidden from even the torrid lovemaking that would help you forget the ache that plagues you here…” She murmured, reaching down to gently cup one of the orc chief’s weighty testicles...it was warm, heavy, and practically full to the brim with seed. The Chief took a shuddering breath, her eyes fluttering somewhat at the girl’s touch.

Melina couldn’t help but allow herself a small smirk as she moved the other hand to the shaft, cupping the tip to gather a bit of lube before beginning to stroke the Chief’s royal scepter. “And then to be surrounded by so many fertile, curvaceous subjects, and be denied the chance to enjoy them...to have them service you on your throne as you know they would...even as they indulge in one another, while you are left pent up and without release…”

Melina was losing herself in it, her motions coaxing more and more pre from the chief’s verdant member and allowing her hand to glide up and down the trembling pole with increasing ease. “But I’m different, am I not? I’m not an orc, I am not bound by your laws...and yet you still couldn’t bring yourself to exploit that loophole…”

The Chief’s breath was coming in shallow, almost girlish gasps, her eyes slack and unfocused. Melina could feel the conflict in the woman...she wanted to tell Melina to stop, to reassert control...but her body would not let her.

“So I come to you. I know what you conceal, and I know how much it pains you to do so.” The Chief was groaning now, biting her lip as her hips began to move in rhythm with Melina’s hand.

I have you now, gorgeous… Melina thought to herself as she began moving her hand faster and faster, feeling the flesh tremble and tighten beneath her. The Chief was close. “I want to give you what you crave, your Grace…” she murmured, leaning forward towards her ear.

“...Release.” she whispered.

The Chief bit down on her finger to keep from crying out as the first rope of fragrant, pearlescent cum burst from her quivering cock, splattering wetly on the ground beneath her. Melina bit her own lip, grinning as she increased her speed, intent on wringing as much pleasure from the orcish chieftain as she could. Urza groaned as her orgasm tore through her chiseled form, gout after gout of pent up seed roping from her engorged member, frosting the ground white and coating everything in front of the empress a pale, creamy white.

Melina felt her small clothes moisten as the Chief continued to pump her broad hips into the girl’s hand, continuing to shoot her sperm high into the air, only for it to splat on the ground like white rain until the entirety of the stoop was painted white. After a few more moments, the spurts became less violent, and now began to just dribble down her magnificent pole. The Chief slumped against her chair, breathing heavily, painted in the afterglow of her euphoric climax.

Melina smirked gently. “And so… I am offering myself, your grace...Not only to assist around the camp, but to relieve you so that you never again must go without the release you deserve…”

The Chief’s eyes blinked a couple times to get back into frame before sliding over to look at Melina. “N...Name your wager, farlander…”

Melina continued to idly stroke the Chief’s member. “An Endurance match. You against me. NO wrestling, just a battle of wills. If you win, I will become your love servant, forever. If I win... your guard has to escort me back to the edge of the forest so that I may return.”

The Chief glowered, seemingly thinking to herself. “...No one has bested me in an endurance match, not even Khamina. You willingly stake lifelong servitude on so impossible a task?”

Melina huffed gently. “The way I see it, this is my chance to prove to you that I can be strong, too...without the added meddling of your underlings. Do we have any accord?” She murmured, running her thumb along the sensitive underside of the futa chief’s cock, causing her to shudder.

“V-very well, man-cub.” The chief murmured, sitting up fully and grabbing Melina’s chin with a grin. “You have yourself a wager.”

TO BE CONTINUED….
