Groundhog`s Day for Kate

Author: FullBladder85 

*000*2018-05-16 02:08

Hey guys. Some of you might remember a story of extreme female desperation I posted over a year ago about Karl and his wife Kate, called The Wife Who Had To Hold It
. 

I mentioned at the time that I wanted to come back to these characters to write another story with them sometime later, and well, now's the time to do it I feel. If you haven't read the previous story (it's a good one but very long), it's not necessary to enjoy this story, it only explains a bit of the background between Kate & Karl. 

====== 

Groundhog's Day for Kate, Part #1

If you've read my previous stories about my sexy wife Kate, than you'll know how she's prideful of her bladder of steel. You'll know how Kate is such a big environmentalist that she pees as infrequently as possible to save water on flushing the toilet. That was how I was able to talk Kate into us installing a urinal in our home bathroom. 

You'll also know how Kate agreed years ago to only let herself take a piss after I had peed in our home urinal 3 times since Kate's last piss. And you'll know how I built up enough of an iron bladder over the years to last over 24 hours without a piss, and therefore deny Kate a piss for several days in a row. 

Despite how many years me and Kate have been living under the rules of this challenge, I had never been able to crack Kate's bladder once. I've made Kate extremely desperate, and seemingly only seconds away from pissing herself. But never once had Kate lost control of her perfect iron bladder, Kate was always able to hold it until she was finally allowed to pee under the rules of our challenge. 

Over the years Kate had become quite smug about the fact that I had never once been able to best her iron bladder, even with the rules rigged heavily in my favor. On top of that, Kate always without exception drank 3 gallons of fluids (or more!) in a day as part of her diet, and because we lived in a hot climate. I drank a lot of fluids myself in day, but nowhere near as much as Kate did. 

Over the years I had tried to challenge Kate to keep on waiting after my 3rd piss until she couldn't wait any longer. But Kate's response was always one of the following, or a combination of them: 

1. "You know the rules Karl. If you want to see me wait longer, than you'll have to learn how to hold it in longer". 

2. "You'll never break my iron bladder Karl. I'm much too tough a lady and tough of a wife to ever lose control of my iron bladder". 

3. "Why would I ever agree to continue to hold it until I can't wait anymore Karl? I like winning, and that's a bet even I would lose, eventually". 

4. "Me lose control of my bladder? That'll never happen Karl. I can hold on a lot longer than you think". 

One day Kate took pity on me after I was forced yet again to take my 3rd piss and let Kate finally empty herself. "If you really want to try to beat my iron bladder Karl, you should try to drink a lot more fluids throughout the day" Kate said as she sat herself on the toilet. 
"But I already drink a lot of fluids throughout the day Kate" I replied as Kate began to calmly piss a gusher. Though Kate tried to look like she had barely needed to go after over 3 days of holding it, the relief written across her face clearly said otherwise. 

"But not as much as me Karl, you drink a little more than 2 gallons a day at most, while I always drink 3 gallons a day or more. Try it Karl, keep up with my drinking for a while and give your bladder a workout. Of course you won't be able to hold it as long at first with all those extra drinks Karl, but that'll be your goal to work for to improve your bladder". 

"Sure you're not just trying to make things easier on yourself for a while Kate" I asked her. 

"Just the opposite Karl" Kate had replied smoothly as she continued to piss a gusher. "I enjoy challenging myself to hold it even longer. I want you to hold it longer so that I have no choice but to hold it even longer. Besides... maybe it'll help you finally beat me one of these days". 

At first I didn't listen to Kate's suggestion. But then after some more encouragement and pestering from Kate I decided to try it. It took me several months to work myself up to peeing just once a day again instead of twice a day under my greater liquid intake, but Kate's advice did help a lot. Kate started to drink even more herself throughout the day at the same time. Kate went from drinking 3 gallons a day to drinking closer to 4 gallons a day. 

While this was going on, I tried to figure out the same thing I had for years. How could I arrange a situation where Kate had no choice but to continue to wait and hold it for hours or even days longer after I took my third piss? I tried to pee at places or times when I knew Kate couldn't or wouldn't pee, like in my last story, but I could never delay her trip to the toilet long enough for me to need to take a 4th piss, let alone for Kate to lost control of her iron bladder. Not even camping trips, far from any kind of public toilets that Kate would use, had been able to break Kate's iron bladder in the past. 

One day however a new tactic dawned on me. I didn't have to try to arrange situations to endlessly stall Kate's much needed visit to the toilet when she was allowed to go under our rules. Instead, I could use Kate's own pride to keep her waiting if I pushed her buttons just right at the right opportunity. 

That opportunity came one day on a Sunday evening. I had been holding it for the last 24 hours, and I had been quite desperate since the mid-afternoon. But finally, by 9 PM, after 24 hours of holding it, I couldn't wait any longer. This piss would be my 3rd piss since Kate had last peed, which was one reason Kate came to the bathroom to watch as I whipped my cock out and started to piss a gusher in the urinal. 

Just standing in the bathroom, next to the inviting white toilet bowl, and watching me piss a gusher in the urinal next to it was surely torture on Kate's bursting iron bladder. Kate had last taken a piss on Thursday evening at 9 PM, which was almost exactly 72 hours ago. On top of that, Kate hadn't bothered to take her 4 inch high heel shoes off, so her painful footwear was surely only adding yet more pressure to her surely exhausted bladder. 

Our rules technically didn't say that Kate had to stand there and wait for me to finish my piss in the urinal before she could seat herself on the toilet seat and piss her own gusher. But Kate always did it regardless, as if to push herself just a little bit farther each time. For Kate to seat herself on the toilet now before I finished would be admitting weakness in her mind, and Kate's pride couldn't allow that no matter what her bladder said. 

Kate tried to play the calm & prideful wife with the iron bladder who wasn't dying to be able to release her pent up piss in just a moment. But even so, I caught Kate grimacing out of the corner of my eye as I first started to piss my gusher. Still, despite Kate's extreme desperation after 72 hours of waiting, and the large bladder bulge that was visible, she didn't allow herself to grip her pussy. Nor did she let herself fidget around in desperation as she surely so wanted to. Instead she stood with her arms crossed, and her legs slightly spread. 

"So Kate, how desperate are you to finally be able to piss your gusher now" I asked. "You must be glad that you can finally piss after 3 long days of waiting". 

"You must be joking Karl" replied my wife. "You must know by now that I'm such a tough wife that you don't even make it a challenge for my iron bladder anymore". Kate tried to keep her face calm, but I could see the enormous strain on her bladder's sphincter muscles that she was dealing with and trying to hide. 

Me and Kate had drank a bit of alcohol earlier in the evening, and I had been stroking Kate's pride through it. So Kate's arrogant reply despite the strain already on her iron bladder was exactly as I had expected and hoped for. 

"Oh come on Kate" I said, "I know your pussy is as eager to piss a gusher as my penis is to be pissing right now. You'll be ripping your jeans and panties down to your knees the second my piss is finished, and you'll already be pissing a gusher even before your butt touches the toilet seat". 

As I said this I noticed Kate's hands were already starting to unbutton her jeans even as I continued to piss away in the urinal. Kate noticed it to, and stopped, with only the top button undone. I smiled at Kate, knowing she had helped prove my point. Kate looked a bit ticked off at herself for walking right into it. 

"Oh hush Karl, I am not as eager to piss as your penis is" Kate replied in her prideful tone. "Unlike you and your penis, me and my pussy could still wait and hold it a while longer if we had to". 

Seeing my chance now, I moved in to try to push Kate to agree to keep waiting even longer. "Well yeah, I'm sure you could wait a couple more hours Kate" I said in my Mr. Reasonable voice. "But there's certainly no way you could keep waiting until tomorrow morning, let alone beyond that, you're much too desperate to pee already Kate". 

As I hoped for, Kate got a fire burning in her eyes at that statement. "You don't know how tough your wife and her iron bladder is then Karl" Kate said with some anger in her voice now. "I could easily hold it throughout the night, all through work tomorrow, and beyond that point to". 

My piss finally finished as Kate was talking, but Kate restrained herself and didn't rush to use the toilet the second I finished like she often did. I knew it was now or never to seal the deal as I flushed the urinal. 

"Well, I guess we'll never know the answer to that Kate" I replied. "Unless you were to agree to continue to hold it, say until I had to take my 4th piss since you last had a pee 72 hours ago". 

Kate was silent for several seconds now as she glared at me, standing just a few feet away from the inviting white toilet bowl promising her sweet relief now. Kate could have easily resumed unbuttoning her jeans, and sliding them and her panties off so that she could take her urgently needed piss now. But instead Kate stood there, on her painful high heels, with a boiling load of piss still brewing between her legs, and continued to stare into my eyes. I could tell Kate was seriously contemplating what to do in that silence. 

Finally Kate broke the silence. "You know how a certain lady loves to challenge herself Karl" she said with pride. "My bladder's floodgates will remain sealed, until you have to open your bladder's own floodgates and take a 4th piss since I last had a pee. No matter how long that takes". 

"Are you sure Kate" I asked playfully now as I put a hand on the raised toilet lid. "Last chance for a certain tough girl to change her mind and pee in a very long time Kate". 

"My jealous pussy will hate me for it Karl, I have to pee pretty bad already. But yes I'm certain, I'm a tough wife and I can hold it quite a while longer than just 3 days if I have to" Kate replied. I slammed the toilet lid down with finality, to signify Kate's now lost chance to take a much needed pee. 

"The ladies room is now closed Kate, I sure hope you can wait until it's available next time" I announced with a grin. I pointed at the button on her jeans Kate had undone a moment earlier. "You ought to button that back up Kate, you won't be needing to unbutton it anytime soon now". 

Kate smiled and nodded her head as she reached down to re-button the top of her jeans. Kate allowed a slight groan to escape her lips as the button re-added a bit of pressure to her bladder. 

"Oh my" whispered Kate playfully. "I think I made a mistake passing up that toilet Karl. I could really use a piss right about now". Kate 'playfully' gripped her crotch and squirmed for added emphasis. "Is the ladies room still open for a certain desperate lady who hasn't peed in 3 whole days Karl?". 

"Sorry, but the ladies room is going to be closed for a long while Kate" I replied. "You'll just have to wait until then". 

"Oh... gosh I sure hope I can wait that long" Kate muttered in pretend nervousness. "You boys sure have it easy being able to unzip and pee almost anywhere... that would really come in handy for me right now". Kate bit her lips as she glanced anxiously at the closed toilet lid, and the urinal she couldn't use. "But I am a lady, so I guess I'll just have to wait. It's a good thing I'm so good at waiting". 

I grinned at Kate, "I know you've been waiting to pee for 3 days already Kate, you could use a distraction from that desperate need" I said. Kate nodded while shifting her legs around desperately in her high heels. "Well what better distraction than the two of us sharing a pitcher of lemonade together" I asked in a tone that was daring Kate not to say no. 

Kate knew full well I was challenging her. "I don't think that'll help my poor unlucky bladder Karl" she replied knowingly, "but... you know how much I love lemonade". Lemonade was Kate's favorite drink, which was why I had suggested it over another beverage. Kate was grinning now at the challenge. "I know you don't think I can handle it Karl, but my iron bladder is much tougher than you realize". With that, Kate led the way to the kitchen. 

Despite the state of her bladder, Kate ended up having 4 of the 6 glasses of lemonade in the 3 liter pitcher. Later as we were getting ready for bed Kate eagerly agreed to some full bladder sex, during which Kate was gripping her pussy and squirming around a lot. My doubt that Kate could last the night, let alone the day tomorrow, must have been written on my face, because as I closed my eyes Kate whispered "I'm stronger than you think Karl, I will hold it for you and your silly bet. Maybe then you'll learn why it's futile to challenge to me and my unbreakable bladder". 

"Or maybe I'll finally discover that even your bladder has its limits" I whispered back playfully. 

=====

Groundhog's Day for Kate, Part #2

The next morning me and Kate were awaken at 7 AM by our alarm clock. Kate hadn't peed in 82 hours by now as she got out of bed with her rock hard bladder bulge quite visible in her skimpy lingerie. Kate allowed herself to squirm around a bit and grip her crotch for a moment in desperation as she fought against her urgent need for a morning piss.

Kate noticed me standing by the bed staring at her as she stood up and calmly removed her hands from her crotch, stopped squirming, and smiled. "I guess the ladies room is still going to be closed for a while yet isn't it Karl" she asked me playfully. I nodded in agreement. "Certain guys sure can take a while to reopen the ladies room Karl... it's almost... as if they don't want desperate girls like me to pee for a long time".

"There's nothing but your own pride preventing you from barging in to use the ladies room anyway Kate" I reminded her. I liked to give Kate an 'out' at times, she never took it, even if she so badly needed it.

"No thanks, I'll be good Karl" Kate replied quickly to show that she was still up for the challenge from last night. "I've already waited all day for the last couple of days without giving my poor bladder any relief. I can do it again today if your bladder makes me".

Me and Kate soon got dressed for the day. Without any important visitors expected at work today Kate grabbed a fashionable pair of jeans and a business casual shirt. Under normal circumstances with an empty bladder the jeans would fit Kate quite comfortably. But with 82 hours worth of boiling piss contained inside her rock hard bladder bulge I knew the jeans would be a more uncomfortable fit for Kate. But Kate, even with her surely desperate need, was used to wearing clothing too tight around her bladder region. So Kate's body language remained calm, even as she zipped and buttoned her jeans shut. Kate didn't even flinch when she tightened her belt and locked the buckle. And of course Kate finished up the outfit by slipping on a pair of fashionable high heels that she knew full well would torture her aching, bursting bladder all day whenever she stood up or walked anywhere.

Without another word between us, me and Kate headed for the kitchen to have some breakfast, as well as share a 3 liter pitcher of spring water. Like we usually did we both had 3 glasses of it over breakfast before it was drained. Before we left for work Kate couldn't help but grab herself a cold bottle of spring water from the fridge, all while I smiled knowingly at her. "Just because I've really gotta pee bad doesn't mean I don't get thirsty Karl" Kate replied with a smile.

We arrived at work shortly before 9 AM, by which time Kate had finished draining her bottle of water. Me and Kate kissed each other goodbye and went our separate ways in the office until we got together for lunch at 1 PM. Both of us had our share of drinks in the morning at work. I had 2 large cups of coffee, and 3 bottles of water, which I thought was a lot, until I learned Kate had drank same and an additional bottle of water.

By the time we went to lunch I was really needing a piss myself. But of course there was no way I going to, because that would let Kate pee as well, unless I somehow talked her into waiting even longer, which I wasn't going to count on. Kate, despite having gone 88 hours without a piss now, was relatively calm as we went out to lunch together. She even teased me a bit about needing to go 'already' when she caught me squirming in the car. "What's the matter Karl? Don't tell me you need to pee already, it's only been 16 hours for you. I thought you were going to make this a challenge for me".

"We'll see about that when I make you piss yourself Kate" I replied good naturedly. "I know you'll be crossing your legs and squirming around underneath the table when you don't think anyone will be looking".

"I'd like to see you hold it for three and a half days and only cross your legs under the table a bit" Kate countered.

Lunch passed uneventfully. Despite how desperate we both were Kate drank 3 large glasses of soda over lunch, while I had 2. I was still aiming to drink 3 gallons a day, and Kate 4 gallons a day, under our liquid heavy diet, so neither of us had a choice in the matter of not drinking so much. Kate tried to look calm sitting across the table from me, but I could tell from her strained body language that she was having a lot more trouble keeping her full bladder's dam shut then she was letting on. I tried to not let see Kate see just how bad off I was, but I did my share of leg crossing and crotch grabbing under the table.

After lunch me and Kate went our separate ways in the office again. I don't know about Kate, since she would never admit it to me, but as the day went on, I knew I was getting more distracted by my giant urge for a piss. It didn't help that I drank another 5 bottles of water in the afternoon at work either. If it wasn't for the knowledge that Kate couldn't pee as long as I held on I would have been sorely tempted to visit the men's room.

At the other end of the office, Kate was busy working her way through 6 bottles of water this afternoon. If Kate was alone in her office then I knew she had to be squirming around desperately in her seat from the nearly 4 days she had gone without a pee by now.

As 5 PM rolled around I found Kate had helped herself to a can of soda from the vending machine on the way to the car where we both met. "Are you sure that's wise dear, given your predicament" I teased on the way to the car.

"It's wiser then however many bottles of water you drank in the afternoon" Kate countered arrogantly. "You'll have to pee soon enough, and then it won't matter how wise or not wise this can of soda is, because I'll be able to pee to".

"Well then, maybe you should do the driving if you're so confident I'll pee first" I countered. "After all, if I'll pee first then I must be more distracted by my desperate bladder after nearly 20 hours of waiting then you are from yours after nearly 92 hours of waiting".

I could tell by the look in Kate's eyes that she hadn't expected that. Since I almost always drove, Kate was used to being able to sit back and focus her attention on her keeping her boiling piss contained in her bladder whenever we traveled. Kate narrowed her eyes, and took a sip from her can of soda, knowing what I was doing. "That won't be a problem Karl, hand me the keys" Kate replied, pretending to be calm, even though I knew full well she wasn't.

I was glad to be able to grip my cock through my pants and pay attention to Kate's body language as she drove us. Kate did surprisingly well at looking calm when we were moving, but I saw her legs shifting around nervously from her desperate urge to pee after almost 4 days without relief. At the first red light when Kate stopped the car I could tell she was about to automatically grab her pussy in desperation. But she remembered who was sitting next to her and stopped before her hands could get there. So Kate grabbed her can of soda instead, and made a show of taking a long sip from it, enough to finish draining it.

"What would us ladies ever do about these frequent & long closures of the ladies room if we weren't so good at waiting?" Kate asked me playfully, knowing I was watching her every move for signs of desperation.

"Ladies could always use the urinal in the men's room" I suggested. Kate shook her head. "Ladies could also use the bushes alongside their man when we go camping or hiking" I added.

"Us ladies don't have the anatomy for either of those things Karl" Kate replied playfully. "That's why our mothers teach us that boys get to pee outdoors, while us ladies have to hold it. And then there's filthy public restrooms, you guys don't mind Karl, you'd go anywhere. But us ladies do mind, so us ladies frequently have to continue to hold it when the ladies room is too filthy, even if we've already been waiting a lot longer then you boys have".

"Well, a certain lady could drop the act and admit she has to go when we get home. Surely her own toilet is clean enough for her" I countered playfully.

"But us ladies can't even do that either at times" Kate countered. "Sometimes us ladies get back home desperate to pee, only to have to wait even longer because our husbands beat us to the toilet first, even though the husband got to pee multiple times when he was out with the lady".

"Then it's a good thing that some of you ladies enjoy putting off your pee, and holding it for several days in a row, isn't it Kate?" I replied with a smile.

"Well, if the world conspires to keep us ladies from taking a pee, then why shouldn't I try to enjoy having to hold it all the time?" Kate grinned.

When we got back home at 6 PM both me and Kate were dying to pee, with 21 and 93 hours of boiling pee in our bladders separating the us from our last trip to the toilet. But neither of us so much as glanced down the hall towards our only bathroom. Instead I took out a 3 liter pitcher of water and poured us both a glass, while Kate started dinner.

Kate could have taken her pair of 4 inch high heels off at any time now that we were home, but she didn't. I think Kate decided a few months ago that she enjoyed the extra challenge her painful high heels were on a full bladder. Despite the high heels that were surely bothering her poor tormented bladder's sphincter muscles, Kate didn't hesitate to quickly down her first half a liter glass of water from the pitcher, and pour herself a second glass.

Kate tried to avoid squirming around and gripping her crotch in front of me, with only partial success due to the nearly 4 days she had gone without a pee. But to be fair, I was desperately squirming around probably three times as much as Kate. At this point I knew I wasn't going to best Kate's iron bladder today, she was clearly in much better control of her bladder's situation then I was despite the much longer wait she had. I just wanted to extend Kate's desperate plight as long as I could, and figure out how I could get Kate to agree to skip her pee again if at all possible.

By 7 PM both me and Kate had finished dinner, and completely drained the 3 liter pitcher. Both me and Kate had 3 large glasses of the pitcher. Though Kate tried to look tough, I could tell she was really beginning to feel the strain of denying herself relief for the last 94 hours while wearing such tight and uncomfortable clothing. Kate grimaced across the table, but she tried to turn it into a grin when she noticed me watching, all while I saw her hands go underneath the table towards her crotch. At first I thought Kate was gripping her crotch, until I heard the sound of a belt buckle unsnapping.

"Does my lovely wife finally have to admit that her bladder isn't as strong as she claims it is and hurry to the toilet for a much needed pee now?" I asked smoothly.

"Is it a crime for a girl to want to unwind at the end of a long day by taking her tight belt off?" Kate asked. "Don't worry about your silly bet Karl, I'll hold my pee until you have to pee again, which will be pretty soon I imagine".

"I think it's a sign that a lady is nearing her limits if the pressure of the belt is too much for her to bear after 94 hours without a pee" I countered. "But... certain things... might persuade me otherwise".

"Certain things Karl?" Kate questioned mockingly. "You're real subtle aren't you? Fetch me a can of soda then, I'll drink it while we watch some television".

Our evening was relatively subdued after that for a while, as we watched TV for a few hours. Kate drank her can of soda, as well as 2 more glasses of water. I drank another 2 glasses of water myself.

By the time 9 PM rolled around I once again couldn't hold it any longer. Kate had been watching me like a tiger for the last hour, just as much as I had been watching her desperately squirm after 4 days without a pee. When I finally couldn't take it anymore and announced I had to run to the bathroom, Kate slyly remarked "well of course you do Karl, the boys always have to pee first... and second, and third, and fourth to it seems".

I hurried to the bathroom desperately gripping my desperate cock. Despite her 4 inch high heels Kate managed to stay right behind me without tripping. Upon entering the bathroom I hurried to the urinal, and began to take a loud piss with Kate watching.

Kate tried to act calm as I peed away in front of her, but I caught her eyes anxiously darting to the inviting white toilet bowl next to the urinal. Despite her calm demeanor, Kate hadn't been able to pee in 4 days, and was a few hours away from the 100 hour mark. I knew Kate was really bursting to go right now as she began to unbutton her jeans before I was even half done my piss. Kate tried to cover it up by talking.

"It's a good thing that the ladies room is now open again, because this lady really needs to take a leak now" Kate said as she lifted the toilet lid. "4 days of holding it like this is more of a challenge for me and my bladder of steel Karl". Kate didn't move to sit on the toilet yet however, for that I knew she'd wait until I was finished peeing first.

"So does that mean that 5 days of holding it would be too much of a challenge for you to handle then Kate?" I asked slyly.

"Don't be silly Karl, we both know the answer to that" Kate replied arrogantly, even as she squeezed her legs together in a subtle sign of desperation. "Maybe someday you'll learn Karl that me and my bladder of steel have no limits, I can always wait as long as I need to".

"I think the way you've already unzipped your jeans says otherwise Kate" I countered as I continued to piss in the urinal. "You're so desperate to pee that you're hurrying to undo your jeans early just so that you won't have to wait an extra few seconds to pee, because you know you can't hold it much longer Kate. I bet you were getting worried about having an accident if I made you wait much longer".

"In your dreams Karl. There's nothing unusual with a girl unbuttoning her jeans in anticipation of a much needed pee she's about to take" Kate replied calmly. As she spoke my piss began to die down, Kate couldn't help but grip her crotch and fidget her legs around in anticipation of her pee. "There's nothing wrong with a girl lifting the lid in preparation for her pee either, especially seeing as you're about done Karl" Kate added.

Kate was right, my piss finally dribbled down to nothing as Kate watched, eager to let loose her own brewing load of boiling piss. But unfortunately for Kate, I was determined to make sure that her brewing load of boiling piss would have to brew for a while longer in her tiring bladder. I knew that I had to make my move quickly as I tucked my cock back in my pants. Kate smiled as she began to pull her jeans down, only the smile soon vanished when I slammed the lid down on Kate's toilet before she could pull her jeans even halfway down her hips.

"Karl what are you doing?" Kate asked confused, her jeans still only partially pulled down, her red panties easily visible. "It's my turn to pee now".

"Sorry Kate, it turns out the ladies room is still closed for maintenance" I announced boldly, jumping back into our earlier role-playing. "It was a totally unexpected problem the maintenance crew ran into. You'll just have to continue waiting until they finish Kate. I'm afraid it's going to be a while longer yet".

"Well then how's a lady supposed to get the pee that she was promised for out holding you yet again Karl" Kate asked annoyed. She bent her knees and fidgeted her legs together nervously, considering her options I knew. Kate clearly hadn't expected me to issue another challenge to her bladder of steel so soon.

"Hey, you were the one who said earlier that the world conspires to keep you ladies away from the toilet" I reminded her with a shrug. "I guess you were right Kate, the world is sure conspiring against you now".

Silence stretched between us for a few seconds. Kate's eyes glared at me, before shifting to the white porcelain toilet bowl aside of me, that she had been eagerly looking forward to using 15 seconds ago before I had moved to stop her. I knew the heavy load of boiling piss brewing between her legs for the last 4 days was at the forefront of Kate's mind. Kate really didn't want to have to keep that piss brewing in her bladder for yet another day, especially not with the 4 inch high heels she wore, which only made a full bladder harder to deal with. But Kate was also quite prideful, and could be quite stubborn when she saw her pride as at stake I knew. I smiled as Kate's eyes shifted away from the much needed toilet and back at me, full of stubbornness and determination.

"A totally 'unexpected' maintenance problem in the ladies room Karl?" Kate asked me, her voice full of playful skepticism. "Sounds to me like someone just really doesn't want us ladies to pee, especially this lady in particular, who hasn't peed in 4 whole days already", Kate added, pointing at herself as she crossed her legs.

"Hey I'm not the maintenance man Kate, I'm just the bearer of bad news" I said, innocently. Kate playfully rolled her eyes at my feigned innocent. "The bottom line Kate is you'll just have to wait some more, unless you care to use the men's room instead" I added, waving at the urinal, "no plumbing issues or lines there".

"Certainly not Karl!" Kate scolded me. "A lady doesn't barge in and use the men's room, especially not when she'd mind if a man barged into the ladies room!".

"Well then, I guess you're just going to have to wait Kate, since that's your only option left" I told her.

Kate frowned, as if remembering her brewing load of boiling piss she had been so eager to rid herself of a moment ago. "I really need to pee bad after holding it for the last 4 days Karl" she admitted as she gripped her crotch and squirmed in front of me.

I smiled as I saw my opportunity. "What's the matter Kate, worried that you might pee yourself soon if you have to hold it a while longer?" I taunted. Kate bristled visibly at the insult to her pride, even as her bladder begged for relief. Knowing I was taking a risk now, I opened the toilet lid. "Go ahead and take your pee Kate. I wouldn't want you to end up peeing in your jeans just because you were too stubborn to admit that you couldn't hold it any longer during our role-playing session".

My gamble worked better than I thought, Kate didn't even pause to think about her words first. "I'm going to make you eat those words Karl" Kate replied confidently. "I may really have to pee quite badly after holding it for the last 4 days, but that doesn't mean that I'll pee myself soon if I don't plop myself on that white porcelain toilet bowl". Kate glanced at the toilet longingly for a moment as she continued to fidget around. With one hand still openly gripping her throbbing desperate pussy through her red panties, Kate reached out for the toilet lid with her other hand. "It would feel really frigging good to use that toilet, I won't deny it Karl. But I'll hold it for a while longer instead, just to prove to you that I can still wait for a pee. I think another 24 hours should be long enough to prove my point to you". With that, this time it was Kate who slammed the toilet lid shut with finality, to signify her once again lost chance to pee.

"Are you really sure about this Kate?" I asked as Kate began to pull her jeans back up. "Another 24 hours without a pee is a long time for anyone to wait, especially for a desperate lady who already hasn't peed in the last 4 days". Kate's face grimaced as she pulled her jean's zipper back up, pressing her tight jeans up against her bulging bladder and the 4 days of boiling piss brewing inside.

"No one said us ladies have it easy Karl" Kate replied playfully, even while partially grunting as she buttoned her jeans back up, which put more strain on her 4 day unrelieved bladder. "Your penis is really lucky Karl. My pussy is so jealous that it still hasn't gotten to pee yet, especially with the toilet right there in front of me!".

I smiled, Kate looked so darn sexy the way she desperately squirmed around in her tight jeans, while trying hard not to in order to look like the tough woman she stubbornly wanted to be. I couldn't resist pulling her into my arms and kissing her on the lips just then. I felt Kate's enormous bulging bladder brushing up against my leg as I did this. I heard a slight moan escape from Kate's lips at the unneeded extra pressure this put on her tiring bladder. But Kate was too stubborn to complain about the effect our close embrace was having on all that boiling pent up piss brewing in her bladder, so she simply bore it without a word of complaint.

"You're really hot when you're so desperate to pee like this Kate" I said as I mercifully let go of her. Kate, still in her 4 inch high heels, which only made things worse on her full bladder, squirmed her legs around nervously, which only made her sexier.

"Well Karl, with the ladies room closed for another day, I'm sure you'll enjoy my plight for the next 24 hours then" Kate replied with surprising calm. I couldn't help but smile lustfully like a giddy little schoolboy, which wasn't unnoticed by Kate. "I really shouldn't have turned down that trip to the ladies room yesterday, should I Karl?" Kate asked me playfully as her hands began to undo my jeans to get at my erect cock. "My desperate pussy is throbbing for relief already Karl, but it's a good thing that I can hold it for another day... or maybe longer if I really want to".

The two of us quickly began to undress and make our way to the bedroom. By the time I was laying in bed trying to fall asleep later I couldn't wait for tomorrow, to see if Kate could really backup her earlier boasting about her iron bladder. 

*007*2018-06-05 03:47

Thanks guys, glad you all enjoyed it. 

I wish I could say the next part will be done soon, but honestly, it'll probably take a while due to #1 how busy things are for me in real life, and #2 because the perfectionist in me is making it difficult to make progress on the next part. 

*011*2018-08-22 02:58

Honestly I don't know. I've had a severe case of writer's block lately, I've been jumping back and forth between several different stories of late. The gap between when I finished part #1 and when I finished part #2 was about 6 months (during which I wrote Kelly's Regret) because of the same thing. 

That said, I've got nearly two pages written so far, so I am making slow progress. 

*020*2019-10-25 03:17

{{On 10/23/2019 at 1:24 AM, Omo luna said: 

Will there be more 

}}

Believe it or not you're actually the second person to ask me that this week. 

Originally I was going to continue this, but I really didn't like the way part #3 was going, plus I was getting really burnt out on the series, so I basically abandoned it over a year ago. But when the last guy asked me if I was going to continue this I went back and re-read this series, and what I had written in part #3. I honestly didn't think at the time that part #1 and #2 were my best works, but now I love what I wrote, maybe the perfectionist in me was being too harsh on myself at the time. My opinion on what I wrote so far in part #3 hasn't changed however, it sucks, it's not enjoyable to read at all. 

Yesterday evening I took a break from the other story I was working on to try my hand at starting over on Part #3. While it's obviously nowhere close to being ready yet, I like it a lot better then what I had written before. I'll probably focus on part #3 of this next once I finish & post the other story I'm working on. 

