Fear and the Body’s All-Too-Common Response

Author: flackus

*000*2018-10-18 01:37

This is the first part of a story from a collection of stories focused on female wetting and messing. If you like it, I will gladly post more.

Tara Toland never considered herself a runner, by any means. In high school, she always started on the volleyball team, and, she had to admit she was pretty good. Unfortunately, one of the ways to build up stamina on the court, their coach forced all the girls on the team (even those who didn’t play much) to run. A lot. Tara hated every second of running, so, after she graduated high school, she didn’t play volleyball. She went to college and worked out several times a week, but she did not incorporate running into her exercise regimen. Tara considered herself very fit. She had put on a few pounds, so she wasn’t skinny as a rail. She wasn’t overweight, and she was healthy. So, she settled for that. Some of her friends tried talking Tara into running with them on several occasions, but Tara politely refused each time. At one point, she even made a joke out of it.

Dude . . . the only time you’ll see me running is when I’m being chased by a lunatic with a freakin’ chainsaw.

Her friends thought it was hilarious, as did Tara.

It wasn’t so funny now, because, even though she wasn’t being chased by a lunatic with a chainsaw, what she heard crackling and huffing through the trees behind her convinced her that running wasn’t so bad after all. Mostly, because she was so terrified by what she’d seen minutes ago inside her neighbor’s dilapidated barn, that she didn’t have time to think about how she despised running. She hauled ass, trying to put as much distance between herself and that creature as possible. She thought she was in the clear and began to slow her pace. She took in her familiar surroundings and realized she had begun running away from the safety of her own home.

She stopped and listened for any sign of whatever the hell that thing was. It was hard to hear anything over her panting. Once she slowed her breathing, she redoubled her efforts to look and listen. Nothing.

“Damn, Tara,” she chided herself, “You probably just imagined what you saw. I mean, stuff like what you saw doesn’t even exist. So, you’ve just been running your ass off in the woods for no reason. Idiot.”

Tara rolled her eyes and altered her course to get back to her house.

She was about a quarter-mile from her house, and she was thrilled when she could see her front porch. Even though she had convinced herself that her mind was playing tricks on her, she distinctly heard a branch crack behind her. Then another.

You’re being an idiot again. This isn’t a horror movie. There is no monster chasing you.

A rumbling growl sounded from behind her. She did one of the dumbest things that anyone could do in a horror movie: she looked over her shoulder to see what made the growl. All she could see what a shape emerge from the trees and fiery red eyes.

Tara felt herself begin shaking in terror, but she summoned enough strength to not just stand there like an dumbass and get torn apart by this thing. She wiped her sweaty palms on the legs of her jeans. And she ran as hard as she could toward her house. She heard the beast behind her, but she wasn’t going to look back. She was going to run up her front porch, burst through the door (that she always left unlock, thankfully), and she would lock the door behind her. She heard the thing huffing behind her, and it was getting closer. She jumped through her bushes that lined her front yard to cut the distance to her front porch. She quickly registered the pain of multiple deep scratches on her arms, neck, and face, but she burst from the bushes. She scrambled up her front yard and almost leaped up the five steps of her front porch. As planned, she rocketed through the front door, slammed it behind, and engaged the heavy lock.

Tara stood to the left of the door, trying once again to catch her breath. Her legs and butt were on fire. Her stomach was twisted in knots. Her back was pressed against the wall so firmly, she swore she could feel her trembling body shaking the wall.

Minutes later, she slowly crept over to the nearest window looking onto her front porch and chanced a look outside. There was nothing out there. No massive beast with red eyes. There was no sign of foot or paw prints on the porch and in the dirt at the base of her front steps. The bushes she ran through looked like they’d been hit by a tornado, but she surmised that was due to her body passing through it. She quickly surveyed the blood running freely from deep gashes on both arms, and she felt a similar tickling as blood ran down her face and neck. Despite the pain, Tara laughed at herself.

“It was probably just a freakin’ dog, stupid. It’s dark out, so you probably made it out to be bigger than it actually was. Some dogs have weird colored eyes.”

She chuckled and flipped on the foyer light. Her embarrassment about freaking out about a dog chasing was compounded by her reflection in the mirror near the door. She thought, once again, that her mind was playing tricks on her, but her other senses validated what she saw.

Her faded blue jeans were wet, but not from her rubbing her sweaty palms on them. The light blue fabric of her jeans was now much darker. As she moved her legs a little inside her jeans, the fabric stuck to her legs. The acrid odor coming from her jeans confirmed her fear.

You completely wet your pants!

Wait . . .

Tara felt the crotch of her jeans grow warmer, and warmth spread down her thighs. She watch incredulously her already wet jeans grow wetter. If she had wet her pants and stopped, she was wetting them a second time.

Or you’ve been pissing your pants the whole time.

Tara’s pathetic whimper at realizing she peed in her pants like a little girl turned quickly to sobbing.

Tara lived alone, so there was no one around to witness her disgrace. She was a 30-year old woman. Attractive. Single. Owned her own successful business. Was honest and had integrity. Stayed caught up on her bills . . .

Considering all of this, Tara Toland still stood in her foyer feeling, and seeing, her bladder emptying it’s contents into her jeans. Her current predicament could certainly be worse. Tara realized it was.

She knew the butt of her jeans, as well as down the backs of the legs, were soaked, but something else felt off back there. Tara continued sobbing as she tried to discern what else she was feeling. When she realized what it was, she actually gagged a little. Still crying in shame, Tara slowly turned around, so she could look at herself from behind. As she turned, she could feel the fabric of her panties heavier. Her bare butt and the backs of her legs were sticky. The soaked butt of her little-jeans were also lumpy and . . . . In her shame, Tara still tried to come up with an appropriate way to describe it.

Squelchy. I can feel it swaying in my panties.

At this point, Tara was too shocked to continue crying. She just looked at the reflection of her backside in the mirror as she would look at an alien lifeform that just materialized in the room.

Tara gagged again, actually causing something to burn up the back of her throat.

Don’t you dare throw up, bitch! This is bad enough.

The minor lurch from her stomach caused her bowels to empty more mess in her pants. Tara just closed her eyes, listening to the semi-soft load crackle into her jeans. As it happened, Tara spread her legs and stuck out her butt a little - thinking maybe she wouldn’t feel the soft load against her bare butt. It didn’t work. She felt it, and the movement pushed some of the mess from the leg bands of her panties and down the backs of her legs. She grimaced and spread her legs even further apart. She also raised her arms a little out to her sides, as if she were performing a martial arts form.

It seemed an eternity since she realized, with a terror nearly equal to being chased by a bloody-thirsty beast from the fifth dimension, that her body had betrayed her. But, she did feel a slight bit of relief that it was over. There was nothing left in her bladder and bowels to be released. Now, she faced the task of walking upstairs to her bathroom and cleaning herself up. The thought of walking three feet in peed and pooped-in pants did not fill her with joy, let alone walking up stairs that way. Realizing it wasn’t going to get any better just standing there, Tara sauntered up the stairs, feeling the mess in her pants squishing and swaying. She actually found a little humor imagining how she looked going up the stairs.

*005*2018-10-27 01:20

Thank you for the positive response to the first part of the story! I've had the female wetting/messing fetish for a long time, but I've never been brave enough to commit to posting my stories online.

Here is the final part of the story. I hope you enjoy the conclusion. I have others I've written, but I still need to edit them. I'll post them when I can.

Tara contemplated and incident from her past:

You went to that graduation party in your senior year. That one girl, Sasha, who was hammered when you got there - yeah, she was being such a bitch to you a lot of others. Remember, she was giving shit to Jennifer from the volleyball team. Little Jennifer, about five-four, 100 pounds, charged at Sasha and pushed her as hard as she could into a tree. You thought, ‘oh, shit, Jenn’s gonna get it now.’ Nope, Sasha pulled herself off the tree, looked like she’s seen a ghost, and made a hasty exit. She walked like you’re walking now, because the force of Jenn pushing her made Sasha shit her pants. Some say she actually pissed her pants too.

It took Tara 45 minutes to get cleaned up. These light-blue jeans, not-too-tight, rips at the knees, were her absolute favorite, so she wasn’t about to throw them away. It might take several washes, but they’d come clean. Her light blue boyshort panties, however, were done for. Having showered and slipping into gray yoga tights and an oversized t-shirt, Tara reheated some pizza and opened a bottle of Blue Moon. She ate and drank in silence staying at her island. Her contemplative thoughts, she knew, should have logically been focused on solving the mystery of the supposed hellhound that had chased her. Instead, her thoughts remained on what she’d discovered once she was safe inside her house. Her favorite jeans were in the washing machine, soaking. She would let them soak overnight and wash them a few times to get them back to presentable.

She knew she was using the soiled jeans as a means to distract herself from actually dealing with the emotions associated with the massive accident in her pants. She had been potty trained early, and, although she never really took much time to think about it, she realized that she had made it through elementary school all the way to college without wetting or messing her pants. It’s not like she had a mortal fear of having an accident. She just that they just hadn’t happened to her. Things happened. Just because someone pees or poops their pants at an age that’s considered unacceptable, doesn’t make them any less of a person. As an adult, Tara had witnessed more times than she could count where fellow adults couldn’t hold it and had accidents. She’s surprisingly never witnessed guys having accidents, only women.

So, you were terrified about something chasing you, you get to safety, then you pee and poop your pants. It happens, so don’t stress about it. No one knows about it, so it’s almost like it didn’t happen. Right?

Tara guzzled the rest of her beer.

Right?

She ate another piece of pizza, and her belly felt very full.

Um . . .

She drank another beer, and followed it with a glass of water. She cleaned up the kitchen and settled in on the couch with a book. She couldn’t concentrate on what she reading.

What’s going on with you, Tara?

She laid the book down on the coffee table and became transfixed by the front door. She first wondered if she really had imagined there was something chasing her. It was too real, she thought. All the sensations, the running, the terror - surely her mind couldn’t conjure up that much intensity without something being out there. She rubbed her legs, which were still sore from the night’s activities. She had managed to get all the cuts cleaned up and bandaged, but they still hurt like hell.

Tara Toland, attractive, responsible, single, homeowner, business owner, cracked a smile. The rush. The adrenaline. The quivering fear she experienced when she felt certain she was going to die. She felt her stomach flutter thinking about it. Still, self-analysis was what she’d always done.

You think you’ve become an adrenaline junkie, Tara Toland? Most people who claim to be adrenaline junkies lose that craving when they are faced with real danger.

She considered this analysis and realized it made sense. She didn’t want to find evidence that a dog, or something else, had chased her to her house. She didn’t want to go bungee jumping or skydiving. She just wanted to experience paralyzing, mind-numbing fear, and she wanted to experience the results of that fear. Tara wanted to be so frightened and horrified . . . . that . . . she . . .

Peed and pooped in your pants again.

Tara stood up from the couch so abruptly that she felt as if she’d been shocked. She was immediately reminded of how full her bladder and belly were. She gently rubbed her stomach.

This is ridiculous! You are an adult. Sane adults don’t put themselves in situations where they experiencing that type of fear. And they sure as hell don’t relish the thought of completely soiling themselves. You’re still amped up from the experience. You’ll have forgotten all about this by morning.

Tara took a deep breath and went upstairs to bed, making sure all the doors were locked and all the lights downstairs were extinguished.

She kept the gray yoga tights on and traded the oversized t-shirt for a tank top. She was brushing her teeth in the bathroom when she realized she needed to use the bathroom before she went to bed. She spit and rinsed and walked over to the toilet. She began to slide her tights down and stopped herself. She looked down at the toilet and smiled. It was a wicked smile. She slowly stepped away from the toilet and returned to the bathroom sink. She looked at her reflection in the mirror and allowed herself to admire her toned physique - flat abs, gently rounded hips, firm breasts. She turned so she could admire her profile.

Keeping that ass in good shape lady.

She turned to face her reflection again. The naughty grin she wore didn’t alarm her in the least. She gently rubbed her stomach again. Her need to use the bathroom growing urgent.

Fear.

Tara’s face changed from naughty to wide-eyed and terrified in an instant. She worked up her emotions quickly and began crying uncontrollably. She stepped backwards until her back back came into contact with the wall next to the shower. Her performance was most convincing, and she went a step further and held both hands up in from of her in a stopping motion.

“Please! Please! Take whatever you want, okay? Just don’t hurt me.”

Her crying turned to racking sobs.

“What are you doing? No! No! A knife! Please no! I don’t want to die . . . I don’t want to die!!”

@@Tara tucked her arms against her chest and cowered against the wall, moaning in fear. Her bladder was to the point of bursting, and her bowels were quivering. It was now or never. To maintain authenticity, Tara didn’t push it. She let her staged fear do it for her. She knew she was going to die at the hands of her knife-wielding assailant, so she merely gave up the fight. She lost control of her bladder first. Hot urine flowed from between her legs, soaking the gray fabric of her tights. Tara snuck a glance at the mirror and couldn’t help but smile. The front of her tights were nearly already soaked, and her pee pattered loudly at her bare feet. She felt the wetness spreading quickly across her butt and pour down the backs of her legs. She continued sobbing uncontrollably, as her bowels released. Warm soft mess crackled and squelched into her panties, and the mess couldn’t be contained by her panties. She felt the back of her tights balloon out severely, as her bowels continued to void.

“Oh my god, don’t kill me. Please!”

She delved into the scenario completely, imagining the blade of the knife tearing through her flesh and wiggling around inside the tissue and muscles of her stomach. Still violently peeing and pooping her pants, Tara allowed her body to go slack in feigned death. She slid down the wall of her bathroom clutching her stomach. Her butt contacted the floor, and she could feel and hear massive load in her pants splot! She felt the mess soak through the tights. It was now all over her butt and backs of her thighs. Tara fell over on her side, dead. If she had any further control over her bladder and bowels, that control ended when she died. It was commonly known that when someone dies, all their muscle control is gone - meaning they pee and poop their pants. So, that what happened. The last spurt of urine added to the puddle beneath her lifeless body, and the last evacuation of her bowels settled at the leg band of her panties nearest the floor.

Now that Tara was dead on the floor, she allowed herself to really take it all in. Her bathroom smelled of fear and blood. She smelled her piss-soaked tights and squirmed a little in the puddle on the floor. She certainly felt sticky mess in the seat of her pants, but, surprisingly, it didn’t have an odor to it. She smiled.

Nope, you don’t have to go out seeking danger to experience that level of fear. You can just make it up yourself.

