Not Safe For Work

Author: fullbladder

*000*2020-04-27 05:21

Chris cautiously scrolled through images of desperate ladies as he ate his salad. He was wary of getting caught of watching porn at work, but the risks were minimal. His cubicle was at the end of the office, the wall behind him. Almost everyone was out on their lunch break and they wouldn’t be back for thirty minutes, so ten minutes of wet panties for him was only fair.

He was 22 years old- this was his first job out of college. A mere six months ago, he had been the perfect employee- coming to work early, staying late, checking in with his department manager regularly to see if he could help with anything else…

Yes, Maria- his manager. Admittedly, his motivation for wanting to help her was beyond professionalism and career prospects. She was a gorgeous Latina woman in her early-to-mid thirties. She stood 5’8 boasting a curvy hourglass figure with wavy dark brown hair down to her mid-back. Chris had immediately looked for a ring at his interview and then made every effort to get closer to her. Unfortunately, she hadn’t given him much other than a quick smile. Oh, how he would love to have her over at his condo, to reveal his pee kink to her, to have her indulge his dark desires, to make sweet love to her… He had jerked off over and over thinking about desperately soaking her pants in front of him.

Then, one day, her boyfriend came to her office to drop a file off. He was everything Chris had expected and feared. He was a fit, muscular man- well over six feet tall. He was just as cleanly groomed and well dressed as her, wearing an expensive suit and a million-dollar smile. Seeing her kiss him goodbye made Chris’s heart plunge to the depths of his stomach.

Since then, he had significantly disengaged from work. He couldn’t help checking out Maria’s perfect body every time she stepped out of her office, but he had stopped going into her office on a regular basis. Occasionally, she called him in for a brief discussion, but he hadn’t volunteered for extra work. That had left him with breaks through the day to scroll through his favorite websites. Sometimes, he even took his phone into the bathroom to enjoy a workplace wank.

As he finished lunch and diverted his attention away from his phone, Chris’s office phone rang. It was Maria.

“Hi Chris, I need to see you in my office.” Her voice sounded strained, lacking patience. Chris panicked- he still had a semi-erection from watching naughty wetting women moments earlier. He tucked his manhood into the waistband of his dress pants and quickly strode through the office space to Maria’s door at the front.

He pushed open the slightly-ajar door and closed it behind him, obeying his boss’s request. She was seated behind her desk and gestured him to sit down in one of the chairs across her. Chris nervously slid into the chair, the seriousness of the situation fully hitting him. He sensed he might not be leaving her office with his job.

“Chris, I have received complaints from the IT department. It seems someone has been visiting dirty websites at work.”

Chris’s heart fluttered wildly in his chest. How could he have been discovered? He had always used his phone and not his computer!

“I- I don’t know…”

Maria’s lips pursed slightly as she reached for piece of paper and laid it in front of him. He noticed her wiggle in her seat as his gaze hesitantly shifted to the document. There is was- a list of his favorite pee-porn websites, repeating daily for weeks and weeks. Omorashi.org, his go-to website, was listed at least three dozen times.

“I- I…” He was at a loss for words, still bewildered over how he had been discovered.

“Maybe I can spell things out for you, Chris. Last month, IT sent me an email. Someone on our floor was repeatedly visiting these websites during work hours. Of course, I agreed to let them install monitoring software on all the computers here, but the problem continued despite that- someone was using his cell phone. So, I decided to log who was in the office at what time and here we are. You are the only one who consistently matches up with the IT department’s data.”

Oh FUCK, the WiFi! He had logged into the internet on his first day, so he could access the training modules! Since then, his phone had automatically reconnected each time he had come to the office and he had totally missed that when visiting his favorite dirty sites!

In horror, he looked at the sheet in front of him again. It was all there- dates, times, websites. He was a busted man- his face burned red with humiliation. He wished he could sink in to the floor and die- it beat having to face his very attractive boss who now knew all about his dirty fetish.

As she awaited his response, Maria drew a sharp breath and folded her hands on her lap. Her body lifted upwards and her right foot tapped impatiently on the carpet.

Chris finally managed to stammer out a response. “I’m so-sorry. I didn’t know I was connected to…”

Maria inhaled coolly and slowly rolled back her chair. Removing her hands from her lap, she pushed down on the armrests to cautiously lift herself up. She stopped abruptly, before she was fully upright and placed her hands on her desk. She closed her eyes and sighed again before addressing him again, in the same awkward stance. Chris now noticed that there was a giant nearly-empty jug rested on her desk, next to a half-full glass of water.

“Chris… the point is not that you were using company internet. It’s that you were at work… watching girls piss themselves…”

Chris felt his face burn even redder. He tried to pry his eyes away from her, but couldn’t. Her broad hips rocked slightly as her legs scissored in place. Her face glistened with sweat as she looked at him. There was no doubt about it- Chris’s boss needed to use the toilet.

“I’m so sorry…” Chris’s voice trailed off as he observed her desperate struggle against her own bladder. Standing up had made her need immediate, urgent. She crossed one leg over the other and hobbled behind her desk, her high heeled shoes just barely keeping her upright. Trying to maintain professionalism, she addressed her subordinate once again.

“You have crossed… a line here… Chris…”

She struggled to continue and suddenly grabbed her crotch with both hands. She was close to wetting her light grey skirt in her office- too close. Her hips were rocking more dramatically now, as she struggled to maintain control. Chris could only wonder if there was a damp spot on her panties.

A giant tent was poking through his dress pants- there was no hiding his excitement now. He was in a middle of a fantasy he had replayed in his mind countless times. Now that it was happening, he couldn’t believe his eyes- his busty, beautiful, sexy boss was on the verge of peeing herself in front of him.

Maria moaned audibly as she danced helplessly on the spot. Decisively, she lowered her hand down to the hem of her knee-length skirt and reached up to grab her pussy directly. She sighed audibly, finally able to exert direct pressure on her pussy. Chris stared hungrily at her midsection. Her skirt was hiked up and his eyes feasted on her white lingerie panties, clearly visible through her fingers and pantyhose. He couldn’t see any wetness, but that secret was currently covered by her left hand.

Her right hand reached for the glass of water on the table. As she had done countless times that morning, Maria lifted the glass and drained it. Her dancing intensified further as the liquid seemed to flow straight down into her bursting bladder.

“I need to pee! I’m going to wet my panties!” She whispered fiercely, trying to hobble around the desk with an iron grip on her womanhood. As she approached him, Chris saw droplets splashing out from between her fingers to the carpet below. She was wetting herself.

She scrambled to seat herself on his lap as she lost all control. She released her grip and raised her wet hands behind her to clutch Chris’s dirty-blond hair. Her plump ass was planted against his fully erect cock as she soaked her underwear. Her long-held hot waters ran over his lap, through his trousers, and onto the carpet below. He was in heaven, on the verge of exploding in his pants as she moaned softly with immense relief and grinded against his penis. The sweet aroma of her pee filled the office as he compulsively reached around to cradle his boss’s 36D breasts.

She moaned harder as she continued to urinate on him, feeling his hands explore lower. He reached her wet crotch as her stream slowed. His light stroking of her vagina through her undergarments caused her pee to spurt out in bursts. Her rocking intensified and she had to bite down on her lip to prevent her growing sexual excitement from disrupting the office.

Maria finally finished peeing, but he didn’t stop pleasuring her. Her gasps grew louder as his rubbing intensified. Chris brought his free hand up to her mouth and she bit down on his fingers, just barely stifling her orgasmic screams. Then she climaxed- a mere minute after finishing her wetting accident, she creamed her panties. Her grinding against his wet crotch subsided, but her heavy sighs were enough to put him over the edge.

He exploded into his boxers, his manhood still resting against his boss’s perfect ass. A long minute passed as they rested together, still out of breath from the vigorous sexual activity. Then, wordlessly, she rose and straightened out her skirt.

“Look what you’ve done, Chris!” she scolded loudly. “You are completely soaked!”

In shock, Chris realized Maria was speaking loudly enough for everyone outside to hear. He was at a complete loss for words. There was not a hint of visible wetness on his well-dressed boss, but his trousers were visibly soiled.

“That is DISGUSTING! Get out of my office so I can call the janitor!”

Chris’s eyes opened in panic as he realized how screwed he was. He was going to have to walk out of there in wet pants and everyone would think he had peed his pants in the presence of his boss. Not to mention, the twenty-minute bus ride home…

Losing patience, Maria marched to the door and opened it. “OUT! NOW! And don’t forget to clean out your desk!”

Sobbing uncontrollably, he made his way out of her office. Feeling eyes on him and hearing hushed whispers from around the office, he tried to quickly pack his things. Maria left her door open as she made an animated call to the janitor. As Chris was leaving work for the final time, he heard her loudly detailing how an employee had wet himself upon being let go. Giggles echoed through the office, and the streets, as he chose to walk home rather than sit in a public bus with pissed clothes.

The next morning, Chris found a package outside his door. The package held two things. First, it contained a contract for a management position, over twice his old salary, with a consulting firm downtown. Second, it contained a pair of soiled panties- yes, the same white panties which Chris had seen Maria stain yellow the day before.

*005*2020-04-28 14:13

Thanks for the kind words, friends!

