On the way back from the airport

Author: fetisher

*000*2020-02-11 19:33

I've been preparing this story for some time, so I hope you like it.

Late in the evening, I was at the airport, waiting my wife Helen from a business trip. The plane arrived on schedule and about ten minutes later my lovely wife came in the arrival hall. She was dressed in business style, with a dark blue pants suit, high heels. Being a pantyhose fan I noticed her ankles, she was in a body colored pantyhose. We quickly went to the car and headed home. The trip usually takes more than an hour in calm traffic. Helen was relaxing on her seat and we were talking about her trip.

Not long after, she complained me that she had drunk a lot of coffee and other liquids and she didn’t visit the toilet at the airport. This meant to me that I had to speed up and to look for a toilet break. I was not surprised. I am used to hearing such complaints, after almost every long trip. She has a bad habit of putting off the toilet until it becomes extremely urgent. That has caused a lot of situations when she has been desperate, sometimes close to an accident. I always get very impressed when she comes home and rushing to the toilet.

As we were chatting, she interrupted to ask me, that we had to make a pee stop somewhere, probably at a gas station. She admitted, quite firmly, that she couldn’t manage to hold it to home. I threw a glance at her legs. She was sitting still on the seat with both legs closed together. I started thinking about the nearest gas stations on our way. Unfortunately, on this part of the road there are no many options. This let me think, that it is quite possible, she would ask me to stop somewhere in a deserted place by the road, so she would pee outdoor. She don’t like to pee outdoor and always try to avoid it. But a few times she did it in front of me, in emergency situations as it seemed, this one was expected to be. She looked so sexy at that moment, so I really started to imagine how she would squat and pee in front of my eyes.

We continued to travel and I noticed that she started to move on her seat, changing her position and discreetly pushed her hand between her legs. Seeing that, I asked her if she would like to stop by the road. She said that there was no any suitable place to hide, so we had to find a gas station. As soon as we saw a sign for a gas station, Helen ask me to stop there. She looked as she was bursting. As I stopped at the gas station, Helen jumped out of the car and quickly headed to the shop. I followed her, keeping my eyes on her legs. She looked so sexy in that high heels and slim-fit pants, which outlined her bottom. With the entry, she rushed to the toilet. I left in the shop and looked around. No more ten seconds later she escaped from the toilet, saying angrily that the toilet was so dirty and disgusting. She let me to go quickly. “Where are you going to pee”, I asked her, almost knowing the answer.

“I don’t know. I prefer to hold it.” - she said. We quickly got in the car and drove off. She was looking so distracted. She sat on the seat, put a hand into the crotch area and pressed her legs close together. “I’m going to pee myself…” – she groaned. As we drove off, she asked me to look for a place by the road. “I’m going to squat somewhere outside, I couldn’t make it to home”- she said with a desperate voice. Unfortunately, the road was busy. All around us was a flat field without any bushes, where she could hide. We passed by two or three rest areas, but all of them were occupied by other stopped cars. Helen was really worried. She was sitting on the seat and was openly fidgeting and holding herself. She repeated how much she had to pee, doubted that she couldn’t make it in time. I was also worried for her predicament.

If she had lost control in the seat it would cause me a lot of troubles with washing the seat. I asked again if she wanted to stop, proposing her to hide between the car doors, I would guard her. She absolutely refused, assuring me that she could hold it. But I was not sure, that she was able to hold it a lot as I was seeing, how she was shifting on the seat and grabbing her crotch.

Finally we reached our city. There were only few minutes to be at home, so a moment of relief was approaching for her. My hope to see her peeing was almost gone. Helen continued to move on the seat more intensively. She unfastened the seatbelt, explained me that it reduced the pressure on her belly. I really worried about her and asked again if everything is OK? She confirmed that she still OK, but she wanted to reach home as fast as possible.

Two minutes later we were on our street, close to home, when Helen abruptly told me to stop at the first possible place in the parking lot. For our chance in front of us there was a free slot and it was located in the dark area, between other cars. As I was parking, Helen was unbuttoning her pants and took a tissue from her purse. “What are you going to do?” – I asked her with a great curiosity. “I’m going to pee here.” She quickly opened the door, stepped out from the car, with one hand holding her crotch, through unbuttoned pants. She stood by the door, bending at the knees and look around to see if there were no people around. Unfortunately, a man was walking on the opposite side. He was not so close to us, but Helen decided to wait him to pass. Meantime, I was staring at her, how she was staying at one leg almost bursting. All of a sudden a dark wet patch was appeared on the inner part of her pants and water began to flow down her leg.

She wet herself!!! The walking man almost disappeared from our view. Helen made a desperate attempt to stop the flow, by squeezing her legs together, but the flow didn’t fully stop. Somehow she managed to pull down in one movement her pants, pantyhose and knickers together and let the flow down, while taking a very low squatting position next to the opened car door. She was releasing a high pressure stream. The puddle around her was quickly increasing. It was clear she had a lot of liquids inside. She was peeing for a very long time.

Finally she emptied her aching bladder and wiped herself as much as she could. Her bottom and thighs were quite wet. At the moment she stood up, I saw a big wet stain on her pantyhose which was started from her crotch and continued on all her thighs. She quickly pulled up her wet pants, where there was also a wet patch. Helen was silent, only said with a low voice “I peed myself!”. I hurried to reassure her not to worry. It was obvious that she couldn’t get back into the car with that pants, so we left the car there and we continued by walk to our entrance. When I got out of the car I looked at her side. She left there a big lake and the river of pee was running down the street. She had big wet patches on her bottom and both of the legs. We looked around carefully that there were no people around and went to home. Helen was felt embarrassed, but that was compensated by my excitement.

*002*2020-02-13 19:18

{{On 2/12/2020 at 7:50 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, that was a hot story!

Can't believe I am the first to comment on it.

I enjoyed the read.

One fault: there are several grammar mistakes. On the other hand: Who am I to complain about that?

}}

Thank you very much for your positive comment! My English is not on a high level, so your remark is correct. I make efforts to improve my English skills. One of the reason is this amazing forum!

*005*2020-02-15 21:18

{{On 2/14/2020 at 12:10 AM, Secretbloke said:

Good story, are you German ? The commas make me think of German grammar.

}}

Thank you Secretbloke! I'm not a German, I'm Bulgarian.

