

The Beach Party, Part #5

The first thing Zora noticed when she began to stir around 8 AM in the morning was that she felt pretty aroused over something. Zora was pretty sure she had been having a vivid dream that somehow involved her finding herself dying for a piss, and was somehow very erotic. Zora blissfully tried to remember the dream she had been having, until she realized that her bladder felt ready to explode with piss. Zora groaned and gripped her crotch for dear life as she rolled around squirming underneath the blankets, her arousal and thoughts of whatever dream she had been having forgotten. Memories of the previous night flashed through Zora's mind. Why had she been dumb enough to have several cans of beer after the last contest ended she wondered. Those cans were already coming back to haunt her this morning. And most important of all, why hadn't Zora snuck off for a piss before going to bed last night?

Zora was so desperate after 26 hours without a piss that she almost considered abandoning her modesty and hurrying behind the sand dunes to take a morning piss. But then Zora glanced over to her side, and saw Kelly beginning to stir, and she remembered the $500 bet.

It was then that Zora realized Matt was no longer sleeping beside her, Zora glanced around for him. She spotted him in the distance, standing near the sand dunes at the spot everyone else had turned into the bathroom area, obviously taking a much needed morning piss. For a brief moment Zora allowed herself to smile as memories of how Matt had squirmed around gripping his cock in desperation all night long returned to her. It had been fun seeing him squirm around for a change, even if she had been squirming with him all night long. Still, Zora groaned as her jealousy over Matt's morning piss sent more urgent jolts through her desperate bladder.

A few feet away, Kelly woke up, and immediately shot both hands towards her own crotch and trembled around madly in desperation after 21 and a half hours without a piss. Kelly was sure that she had been having a really vivid dream that somehow involved her holding it and beer contests with Zora. But her slight hangover was making it too difficult to remember any details. Kelly glanced to her side and realized that William had already woken up and left earlier. Memories of how William had cruelly taken a piss a few feet away from her last night, knowing she couldn't pee with him because of the $500 bet sent shudders through Kelly's desperate bladder. She began to silently squirm around in desperation under her blanket just like Zora.

Eventually, after several minutes of silent squirming, both Zora and Kelly's bladders calmed down just enough for them to both sit up and stare at each other. Zora saw a lot of anguish in Kelly's eyes, but still a burning fierce determination that Zora shared with her rival. Zora was certain that Kelly was nearly as bad off as she was in the bladder department, but she decided to bluff and pretend to be in a much better state than her rival.

"Good morning Kelly" Zora said with little emotion, "I hope you're not still foolish enough to think you can somehow best my iron bladder this morning". Zora tried to sound calm and unconcerned, but in her desperate state it just wasn't possible, she had to pee too badly.

Kelly didn't buy her bluff for a moment. "You'd give up now if you knew what my iron bladder endured last night without leaking a drop. You'd know there's no hope of beating me if I could survive that self inflicted torture" Kelly hissed as she remembered her difficult full bladder sex with Will. Zora rolled her eyes at Kelly's claim, which only seemed to infuriate Kelly farther. "I know you can never bring yourself to pissing out here where 100 other strangers can watch you Zora, that's a real shame. Modesty can be a real difficult thing for a woman to have in situations like this".

"Maybe for an ordinary woman it is" replied Zora, "but you forget Kelly, I'm the bladder queen of this beach. I'm the only person who hasn't taken a piss since we got here, and I intend to keep it that way". Despite her plight, Zora felt herself enjoying her rivalry with Kelly, and the knowledge that she was the only thing making Kelly force herself to continue holding her boiling load of piss back.

"Even a queen has to take a leak eventually Zora. And you will involuntarily leak soon in a humiliating fashion. And I'll enjoy every second of the sight" said Kelly. "You may not believe it, but when I peed on the beach I hadn't taken a piss in over a day and a half. So I can still last all day if I want to, I doubt you can say that about yourself".

"You're right, I don't believe you Kelly. I doubt you were even holding it for half that time when you peed on the beach yesterday morning" Zora replied, knowing that it would tick Kelly off.

Kelly glared angrily at Zora now. "You know, it would almost be worth it for me to drop my bikini bottom right here and piss a gusher in front of you. I bet you'd probably piss yourself right now if I did. Or at the very least I'd at least get to see you suffer a lot. And then since you're too modest to pee on the beach I'd get to watch you continue to suffer all day until you can't wait any longer and you humiliate yourself".

Zora felt her bladder spasming in complaint at the thought of watching Kelly piss a gusher just a few feet away from her. But she kept her head on and remembered the $500 bet, it would be so easy to win if she could goad Kelly into following through on her threat. Matt and the guys would be so pleased with her as well.

"Go ahead and do it then" Zora said in taunting voice, trying not to let her nervousness show. "I'm not afraid of you pissing a little waterfall in front of me. I know I've got more beer in my bladder than you do, because I had several 12 ounce bottles before bed last night". Despite her fears of Kelly going through with her threat, Zora felt herself getting excited anticipating Kelly's piss. Zora struggled not to smile as she realized her own desperation and the thought of her own suffering was turning her on again.

Kelly however was too smart to be goaded into following through with her threat. "No, as tempting as it might be, I'll wait until I get to enjoy the sight of you pissing yourself before I let myself pee".

Kelly noticed at a hint of disappointment on Zora's face, and smiled. "You didn't think I'd just let you and your boyfriend win $500 that easily did you Zora? $500 may be nothing to my rich asshole boyfriend, but I'm a real bitch when I'm angry. So I'll gladly keep holding it in and suffering just to make your boyfriend $500 poorer".

Silence stretched out between the two women again for a minute as they stared at each other and continued to squirm around desperately. Kelly began to brush the sand out of her long blonde hair with both hands, her eyes daring Zora to show she could do the same with both hands despite her bladder's plight. Aroused at the thought of how big a risk she was taking with her bursting bladder so full, Zora followed suit, and used both hands to shake the sand out of her long dark hair. Zora began to wonder in the back of her mind if Kelly was getting aroused by their contest to despite her desperation.

Eventually when both women finished with their hair Zora broke the silence. "I'm thirsty Kelly, let's go get a can of beer together".

By 10 AM when the first drinking contest of the day rolled around Zora wanted nothing less than to drink another 80 ounces of beer. Zora couldn't remember ever letting herself get this frantic for a piss in her life, as she frequently jammed both fists into her crotch. Though she tried to mask her dread, Matt seemed to sense it right away. He was quickly by Zora's side, whispering words of encouragement into her ears.

"I know you're nervous about this contest Zora, and I know you're doubting yourself because you have to piss real bad" Matt whispered as he wrapped his arms around her in a hug. "But there's no reason sell yourself short darling. You've gotta keep showing Kelly who's the real queen on this beach".

"I know Matt, a true bladder queen should never back down from a challenge" Zora whispered back. "I can hardly believe that it's been nearly 28 hours now since I last took a morning piss the previous day. I REALLY need to piss so fucking bad Matt, and I haven't even drank the 80 ounces of beer yet that I'm going to have in this contest".

"I know, I know you've been waiting a long time to piss already Zora, and I know you really need to go by now" replied Matt. "But you know you can wait even longer babe".

"I know Matt, I'll show them who the real queen is on this beach by downing my beer like a pro" Zora replied as they shared a kiss. Zora felt Matt's erect cock rub up against her as she leaned in closer. "At least I know what it's like to be on the other end of enjoying the sight of someone with a full bladder suffering after last night" she added in a whisper.

"What can I say, you were very persuasive that I had better hold it when you made your drunken threats last night" Matt replied. Zora grinned happily.

"Thanks for being a good sport about it Matt" Zora replied happily. "And thanks for being a gentleman by not whipping that cock out and peeing in front of me last night or this morning. Queen or not, I don't think I could hold it back any longer if you or anyone were mean enough to do that to me".

The memory of the entire contest was a complete blur to Zora afterwards. All she knew was that she had tortured herself farther and downed her two 40 ounce bottles of beer the quickest, and neither herself nor Kelly had leaked a drop yet. And yet the pain from her bursting bladder being forced to find more room for yet more beer also partially aroused Zora, leaving her looking oddly happy to some people.

The other thing Zora knew was that after the contest had ended she and Matt had left the crowd and gone off for a walk together. Zora was silent at first as she hobbled along and struggled not to let her bladder do the thing it so desperately needed to do. The look on Matt's face when she had won again, and netted Matt and the guys yet more gambling money ($160 total before Zora's cut) told her how proud he was of her right now. Despite her plight Zora couldn't help but be quite proud of herself to.

Still, the second Zora was certain they were well out of earshot of the others she hissed "I've never had to piss so bad in my life Matt!". All of Zora's last ounce of composure she had been using during the contest instantly evaporated as she rammed her hands into her pussy. Zora had little doubt Matt was beginning to get another raging erection at the sight of her desperation, if he didn't have one already.

Matt was silent for a long moment, as Zora sat herself on the sand and jammed a heel against her pee hole. Matt calmly sat down in front of Zora, and looked her in the eyes, as if sizing her up. "Well, you sure showed Kelly who the real queen on this beach was in that contest" Matt finally concluded. "Now all you have to do is keep waiting until you show Kelly who the real bladder queen is on this beach to. And don't try giving me that 'I can't' excuse Zora, because I know you can still hold it".

"Matt please, Kelly... doesn't matter" Zora muttered through gritted teeth. "Even if Kelly pees, I still can't let myself take a leak on the beach. I HAVE to hold it until we get back to the college now. I have no choice, no matter how bad it gets for me".

"Who said anything about letting you pee on the beach when we won the $500 bet Zora" Matt asked casually, but with an evil look in his eyes. "You've made it clear repeatedly that that's not what a proper lady does. I commend you for being a proper lady last night and not giving into your silly temptations to use the sand dunes before bed".

Zora groaned as a new wave of desperation hit her already bursting bladder even harder. "Matt, I may be getting pretty turned on by this right now, but I still wish I had given into that temptation when I was drunk last night. I have to pee so bad already, and I still have to keep waiting for who knows how many more hours today".

"Well, looks like you don't have a choice but to wait like a proper lady now Zora" Matt replied happily. "I'm sure a bladder queen like you can handle it no problem. You'll put all those improper ladies on the beach to shame Zora, especially Kelly".

Matt knew just how to push her buttons and fuel her pride Zora told herself as she nodded her head. "For you and me both I will Matt" Zora replied lustfully, "even if, oh god, even if it takes all day to best Kelly's iron bladder".

Time crawled by agonizingly slow for Zora as she waited for Kelly to lose their contest, and for the buses to finally show up to take her and the others back to the college in the early evening. The thought of visiting the sand dunes and pulling her bikini bottom aside to finally piss her most urgent gusher was becoming more and more temping for Zora as the second day dragged on. But still, Zora stubbornly refused to let herself piss out of pride and the $500 bet. Kelly also managed to stubbornly refuse to let herself piss no matter how badly her bladder urged her to, even though she began to look like she was in even worse shape than Zora was.

Kelly's earlier prideful taunting disappeared as the long day dragged on. Twice more, at Zora's urging, Zora and Kelly shared a can of beer in between the drinking contests. The first time Zora suggested it, around 12 PM noon, Kelly looked nervous for an instant, but tried to quickly hide that nervous behind a stern look of pride. The second time Zora suggested it, around 4 PM, Zora saw real fear in Kelly's eyes for a moment at the thought of downing yet more beer without a piss first.

Zora and Kelly both also entered two more beer drinking contests, at 2 PM and 6 PM, which only made both women's agonizing plights even worse. Despite her own prideful determination, Zora really didn't want to enter either of the beer drinking contests. Her bursting bladder urgently begged her not to enter anymore beer drinking contests.

But Zora did it anyway for two reasons. One was the money she kept winning for herself and the boys. The second was because she knew Kelly's pride wouldn't allow her to stay out of the contest if Zora entered it. The thought that she could torture Kelly's bladder farther by forcing her to enter the beer drinking contests aroused her more than she thought it would as a straight woman.

The beer contests themselves were the very torture on her bladder that Zora had dreaded. Just a quick glance at Kelly however told Zora it was just as bad on her rival, if not even worse. In both the 2 PM and 6 PM contests it was Zora who tortured herself faster by downing the 80 ounces of beer quicker and coming in first place.

It was a bit after 7 PM by the time the buses finally arrived to take the college students back to college. Zora was sitting in the sand with Matt when the buses finally arrived, desperately gripping her crotch, and enjoying Matt's company.

In the distance they both heard William shouting orders at the group. "Alright everyone, pack your stuff up on the bus. And go to the bathroom now before we leave. We're late enough as it is, so we won't be making any pit stops on the way back". Zora couldn't help but grimace inwardly at William's proclamation about the bathroom, and the reminder that she still had to hold it till she made it back to the college.

Matt and Zora looked each other in the eyes, and Matt smiled. "I think William's proclamation won't be any trouble for a certain bladder queen who hasn't peed in 37 hours, now will it Zora?" he asked with a big grin.

"Me, ask for a pit stop on the way home?" asked Zora playfully as her bladder begged for one. "You know full well William's idea of a pit stop will be letting people piss by the side of the road. That's not an acceptable restroom for a proper lady like me Matt. I'd rather continue to hold it, despite how badly I urgently need a leak already".

Matt gently patted Zora on the back before getting up. "That's my girl Zora. I've got to grab our stuff, but how about we meet in the last row of the last bus" Matt suggested. Matt knew full well that Zora was in no state to gather her things, and didn't want her to push herself too far while Kelly still held on.

"Certainly, and I'll see if I can wrap this silly contest up with Kelly before we leave" Zora replied. Matt gave Zora a surprised look, but saw from the look in her face that she didn't intend to pee even if she could get Kelly to. He smiled and wished his girlfriend luck as he ran off to pack their things and take a piss himself before entering the bus.

Alone now, Zora carefully stood up, with both hands gripping her crotch desperately. For a moment Zora's bladder tried to rebel more fiercely than ever upon standing up, Zora felt a rush of her urine trying to squeeze past her bladder's sphincter muscles. But the urges soon subsided enough for Zora to hobble towards the other end of the beach, where she knew Kelly was.

Kelly, who hadn't peed in over 32 and a half hours, definitely looked to be in even worse shape than Zora when she first saw her. Knowing she had to look tough now, Zora forced herself to stand up straight, and tried to make herself walk normally over to Kelly rather than hobble in desperation.

When Kelly first looked up at Zora, trying to feign a strength she didn't truly feel, Zora saw a look of fear in her eyes, which soon turned to a look of hopelessness and defeat. Willing herself not to let her desperation show in her voice, Zora tried to speak with confidence. "So Kelly, you heard what your boyfriend William said. A girl with a weak bladder like you should really take a leak before a several hour bus trip with no bathroom breaks".

Zora expected to see a spark of anger in Kelly's eyes at her taunting. Instead Kelly groaned, as if wrecked by a new wave of desperation, and squirmed around even more urgently than before. For a moment Zora was certain she was about to see some piss running down Kelly's legs, but then Kelly moved her hands away from her crotch, and revealed her still dry bikini bottom and legs.

"Why, to let you piss to before you get on the bus?" Kelly asked. "I'd rather see you piss in your seat on the bus Zora, even if it means I have to keep holding it to after 32 and a half hours of waiting already". Kelly tried to have a hint of anger in her tone, but even Kelly thought she just sounded weak.

"Kelly, you silly girl" replied Zora happily. "You forget, I'm the proper lady who refuses to pee anywhere but seated on a clean toilet. And like a proper lady I'm still holding all of my pee, even though it would be so simple to pull this bikini bottom aside and piss a nice gusher right now". Zora almost grit her teeth as the piss sloshed around more urgently in her bladder at the thought of doing just what she had said. "But I won't do it" Zora continued, "because I intend to wait until I get back to the college. And then I'll calmly wait in line to use the ladies room, like a proper lady".

"You however, are the girl who rushed off to piss in the sand dunes a few hours after we got here. A girl like you Kelly, willing to drop her bikini and piss anywhere just doesn't have the motivation to keep holding on like a proper lady should. When things get too tough for you to wait you'll always just drop your bikini and pee where you are, just like the guys who will rudely pee anywhere in front of the other desperate girls at the drop of a hat" Zora finished with a sly smile. Zora wanted to giggle, but knew it would probably be the end of her 37 hour long hold if she did.

For a moment Kelly looked torn, as if seriously contemplating giving up. Zora watched Kelly's eyes dart towards the sand dunes, but then she shook her head. "First William tries to get me to piss before we leave, and now you" she muttered. "I'm getting on that bus with my bladder still bursting and unrelieved. I'm the real bladder queen here, not you Zora, and I'll prove it on the ride home". Zora rolled her eyes, which only seemed to tick Kelly off more.

"Fine, piss yourself on the bus ride home Kelly" Zora replied in an unconcerned voice. "I'll be having a beer or two on the way home with my boyfriend, even if you don't have any".

"Then I'll enjoy seeing you piss yourself on the ride home" Kelly retorted, in a tone that clearly said she would not be having any beers on the ride home. Zora knew promising to drink some more beer on the ride home could be a big mistake, the piss sloshing around in her bladder already hated the idea. But seeing Kelly's reaction only made Zora more certain that she had to do it anyway, just to show Kelly who the real bladder queen was in case she had any doubt about it.

With that Kelly began to hobble her way to the last bus. Zora followed closely behind her. The driver barely gave either woman a glance as they hobbled onboard. Zora sat in the very back where Matt told said he'd meet her, while Kelly sat a few rows in front of her.

Matt soon joined Zora at the back of the bus just as the other two buses were beginning to drive away. The way Zora had her legs practically double crossed in her seat made clear to him that Zora was still very much unrelieved. "So, what happened with you and Kelly" Matt asked as he sat down.

"Let's just say I had some fun toying with her" Zora answered coyly. "She'll never make it back to the college dry".

"I should have known you just wanted to be a bitch to her one last time" Matt chuckled. Matt unzipped one of the bags he was carrying and pulled out a 12 ounce can of beer as he chuckled. He was surprised as Zora reached a hand into the bag to grab a can herself. "Are you sure about having that beer Zora? Kelly certainly isn't going to have any".

"I'm a woman of my word Matt, and I promised Kelly I'd have a beer or two with you on the ride home" Zora replied with an air of confidence. "I just wish I didn't have to pee so bad right now Matt. My tortured bladder is beginning to get exhausted after waiting so long already".

"You know it's too late for you to pee now Zora, no matter how bad you need it" Matt replied with a grin. "You passed up a chance to pee on the beach like a good girl. Now you just have to finish your beer and hold on for several more hours until we're back at the college". Zora nodded in agreement, finding herself excited at the challenge she had put before herself, and unsure if she could last long enough.

The effect of all the alcohol William had served, as well as all the drinking on the bus, started to show itself by 8 PM. Despite how William had insisted everyone pee before getting on the bus, many of the drunk college students either hadn't, or needed to pee again already. Soon the bus driver had no choice but to pull over by the side of the road (in what was still an empty rural area) to prevent the drunk college students from peeing in the bus. Many guys, and even a few girls, quickly hurried out of the bus for a piss. There were cries of jealousy by some of the girls who needed to go, but refused to by the side of the road in front of everyone. Soon Zora and Kelly, who both had the window seat, had a great view of college aged men and women both peeing just outside the bus.

At first Zora dared herself to watch the whole thing, eager to see as many cocks from the window as she could. But when Zora's bladder shuddered in jealousy too much at the sight of so many people pissing she had to look away from the window.

"I think William's trying to convince Kelly to pee here, but she's having none of it" Matt said as he craned his head to see William and Kelly. "He'll probably try to convince you to piss next".

"Then he's wasting his time" Zora replied impatiently as she continued to fidget around desperately in her seat. The last beer hadn't helped Zora at all, her squirming was much more frantic now. "Us ladies can't pee outdoors, it's the rule, William should know that by now".

"Well, if it's a rule then who made the rule Zora" Matt asked playfully.

"Us ladies did of course Matt" Zora replied in a more playful tone now, even as she could just barely make out the unwelcome sound of people urinating on the other side of bus window. In Zora's opinion nothing was worse on a full bladder than listening to someone else pee while you couldn't.

"Well, why can't you ladies break the rule? None of the ladies out there are obeying it" Matt playfully asked with a grin.

Zora readjusted her shaking legs and rammed a fist into his crotch again. "Us ladies have to obey the rules Matt... well us proper ladies at least. Guys get to pee outdoors, while us ladies have to hold it. Even if we really have to pee bad we still have to hold it".

Zora's eyes moved towards the cans of beer Matt still had in his unzipped bag, Matt's eyes followed hers and smiled. Zora knew she shouldn't let herself have another. She knew her exhausted iron bladder might not be able to take it for much longer. And yet the thought of how risky it was really excited her. So against her better judgment she reached for the can.

"As a lady who has to hold it according to the rules, I'm probably going to deeply regret this Matt" Zora announced as she opened the can and took a sip. "I might have to make an unladylike mad dash for the ladies room when we get back Matt. I'm already nearly leaking a gusher right in my seat".

Kelly knew she was on the verge of a major accident as the drunk college students piled back in the bus after their piss by the side of the road. If it wasn't for Kelly's stubbornness about her contest with Zora she would have gladly pissed on the beach many hours ago. But despite William's urging Kelly refused to pee by the side of the road. "I'm holding it till I can't hold it anymore Will, end of discussion" she hissed at him. William seemed conflicted with joy at Kelly pushing herself farther, and fear that she was going to inevitably have a major accident on the bus.

Shortly after 9 PM, after holding it in for 34 and a half hours, Kelly's iron bladder finally cracked under the enormous pressure from the gallons of piss sitting in her bladder. Kelly lost control of her bladder for just a second, long enough for a large spurt of piss to escape her and leave a major wet spot on Kelly's bikini. Some piss began run down Kelly's legs as well.

William was out of his seat immediately to let Kelly pass. "Hurry to the front of the bus. I'll get the bus to pull over for you before you make a big mess that gets us an expensive cleanup bill" he hissed.

Kelly let out a loud moan as she gripped down harder on her bladder to stop the flood. But she knew William was right. She was only moments away from her exhausted bladder completely losing the rest of her boiling pent up piss, even with her iron control. Kelly hurried down the aisle, leaking a bit more piss down her legs as she hobbled. Kelly was too distracted by her own desperate need to even realize that everyone on the bus was watching her beginning to piss herself. Kelly was grateful that William had already gotten the driver to pull over for her by the time she was at the front.

Kelly barely walked more than 3 steps after she got off the bus before she opened her flood gates to let the piss finally gush out of her like a fire hose. Kelly was so eager to piss that she didn't even take the time to pull her bikini bottom aside, so it and her legs began to get soaked until she started to pull the bikini bottom aside.

At first Kelly was too awash in relief to even care that almost everyone on the bus had their eyes on her. But when Kelly's iron bladder finally finished emptying itself 5 minutes later, Kelly couldn't help but blush in embarrassment. Kelly was supposed to be a bladder queen, but here she was, so desperate to pee that she had to make the entire bus pull over on the side of the road just for her. Plus Kelly's bikini bottom and legs were embarrassingly soaked with her own urine. Anyone who even glanced at her would be able to tell that she had a major accident, like an ordinary girl with a weak bladder.

William wordlessly handed Kelly a towel, which she used to dry her legs off. Not wanting to wear her piss soaked bikini bottom anymore Kelly covered herself with the towel and took her bikini bottom off. Kelly left her piss soaked bikini bottom on the ground as she re-boarded the bus. Everyone was starring at her as she made her shameful walk back to her seat, feeling utterly humiliated. But the worst part of it for Kelly was seeing the smug look of satisfaction on Zora's arrogant face. That was the biggest blow of all to Kelly's once prideful demeanor.

"I can't believe I did that" Kelly whispered quietly enough for only William to hear after she sat down. "I guess I can't call myself much of a bladder queen anymore".

Meanwhile, in the back row of the bus, Matt was already counting out the $500 haul from Zora winning the holding contest against Kelly. Zora meanwhile was feeling quite pleased with herself at finally bringing Kelly's iron bladder down in such spectacular fashion.

"I'm so glad Kelly waited until she started pissing herself" Zora said gleefully as she watched Matt divide the money into several piles, one of which was for her. "Now she and everyone else here can't possibly deny who the real bladder queen is. And she'll think twice about challenging the true queen again".

"If you want to celebrate I still have a few more cans of beer" Matt offered with a grin. "Unless of course the bladder queen is too close to pissing herself on the bus like the Kelly did".

"If I might be blunt with you Matt, I'm really struggling to not piss in my seat right now " Zora confessed without emotion. Zora had a firm death grip over her pussy with one hand, as she squirmed around and double or triple crossed her shaking legs. "I really don't know if I can hang on for another hour till we return to the campus".

Disappointment clearly showed on Matt's face. "Well, if the bladder queen knows her limits than that's fine, I'll drink for her" he said as he opened one of the beer cans and took a long sip.

"But at the same time..." Zora added tantalizingly. "A certain girl does love to celebrate with some beer, even if it's against her better judgment...and the entire idea of entering those beer contests in the first place was against her better judgment". With a daring smile Zora reached into the bag and grabbed one of the last remaining cans of beer, and took a long sip. "Sometimes I'm too daring for my own good Matt" she said with a smile, all while her double crossed legs screamed she was still dying for a piss.

Because Zora felt extra daring after her victory over Kelly, she drank her entire 12 ounce can of beer within 5 minutes. But it didn't take long for the adrenaline of her victory to wear off, and the added load on her increasingly exhausted bladder to catch up to her. Zora's frequent squirming around in desperation soon grew twice as frantic.

"Why did I have to have to be stupid and have that last can of beer?" Zora moaned while tapping her crossed legs impatiently. "I really don't think I can wait till we get back to the campus Matt! I'm on the verge of peeing myself like Kelly did!".

"Well, since we both know you aren't willing to piss by the side of the road, I'm afraid you don't have any choice Zora but to keep on waiting" Matt replied slowly. "I mean, the only other solution I can think of is we have a few empty 12 ounce beer cans. You could let a bit of the edge off your need if you're really desperate enough to use them".

Zora shook her head. "No way, that's a boy's only solution Matt. Even a less ladylike girl couldn't possibly use something with that narrow an opening without making a huge mess". Zora moaned and bent her head down, causing her long dark hair to cover much of her face from Matt's view. "I don't know how I'll ever be able to wait much longer Matt! Even a newly crowned bladder queen has her limits!".

"You will wait Zora! You'll wait as long as you need to wait " said Matt with encouragement. "You'll wait because you're a lady, and a bladder queen, who has to wait because there's no toilets available. You'll wait because the longer you and your iron bladder can wait the more you can brag about beating Kelly's iron bladder".

"Ok, your last point about sticking it to Kelly sold me Matt" Zora replied with a hint of her pride in her voice again. "I don't know how I'll keep holding it back much longer Matt, but I will, because that's what a bladder queen does".

The last hour of the bus ride was hell on Zora, as her desperate plight seem to get exponentially worse by the minute as her iron bladder grew more exhausted. Zora tried every position she knew desperate girls used to try to hold it, and even invented a few of her own. Nothing seemed to make things any easier on her overfilled bursting bladder.

For a while Matt sat in silence, enjoying the lustful sight of Zora's desperation. If only the two of them were alone somewhere Matt found himself wishing, then he could fuck Zora's brain out with his raging erection, all while not letting her pee first. On one hand, Matt hoped for Zora's sake that she could hold on and get to the toilet in time. But on the other hand, Matt knew he'd never get to see the end of Zora's desperate struggle when she disappeared into the ladies room, so he found himself kind of hoping Zora didn't make it.

"Oh thank god!" Zora moaned as the bus finally pulled into the college campus. "I've gotta get to a toilet right frigging now Matt! I swear I might lose it just standing up! That beer on the bus was definitely a mistake!".

"Before you hop out of your seat, you might want to consider waiting a couple of minutes for the bus to empty out first" Matt suggested calmly. "You're at the back of the bus Zora, a bunch of people are going to block you from moving down the aisle if you try to hurry out the second the bus stops".

"Oh FUCK you're right! Why'd we have to sit in the back of the bus Matt" Zora moaned as she continued to squirm around like mad, with both hands rammed firmly against her pee hole. Matt, though sympathetic to his desperate girlfriend's plight, was loving every moment of it, he was glad now he had suggested they sit in the back of the bus. "There better not be a line for the ladies rooms by the time I get off this bus" Zora hissed at Matt. "I seriously cannot wait any longer Matt".

"You'll be alright Zora, it's just a couple minutes more" Matt said as the bus stopped and the aisle was immediately blocked by at least 20 other people as Matt predicted. "Besides, I thought you were a bladder queen who could hold it?" he added teasingly.

The two minute wait for the bus to empty out was agony for Zora. Matt gathered up both their bags while they waited for the bus to empty out. There were still a few others left on the bus when Zora's patience ran out. "Let me out Matt! I can't frigging wait any longer!".

The thought of refusing to let Zora out of her seat for another couple of minutes crossed Matt's mind in that split second. But he was too much of a gentleman to purposely extend Zora's desperate plight any farther... at least not so blatantly.

Matt had barely stood up and stepped aside before Zora jolted right past him and halfway down the aisle. "Out of my frigging way, I haven't been able to pee all day!" Matt heard Zora hiss as she shoved her away around a couple of people standing in the aisle. Matt watched as Zora ran off the bus as fast as her desperate legs could carry her, all while trying to follow her at a brisk pace.

Once off the bus, Zora quickly hurried back to her dormitory building, knowing everywhere else was surely closed after 10 PM on a Sunday night. Zora stifled a groan with each hurried step she took, as each step sent renewed jolts through her bursting bladder, and threatened to make her spill her urine right there. Standing up and walking had definitely made Zora's plight even worse, even if it took her the closest she had been to a toilet in the 40 hours since she had last been able to pee.

As Zora passed by some bushes she desperately thought of pulling her bikini bottom aside and pissing right there. Normally Zora would have never considered doing such a risky thing, but she was on the verge of pissing herself, so previously unacceptable things had finally started to become more viable options to her. But even so, Zora knew she still couldn't risk it, the campus was well lit at night, and had security cameras all over the place. Zora knew she must look like a desperate little fool on the cameras, gripping her crotch with both hands while hobbling towards the dorms.

When Zora reached the front door to her dormitory building she was forced to remove a hand from her crotch to pull the door open. "No one here to hold the door for a lady" Zora muttered to herself as she gripped the door with her hand and pulled, only to realize the door was locked.

"Damn it! Where did I put my damn key card" Zora muttered as she reached her hand towards her pockets. Zora was surprised when rather than finding her jeans her hand found her bikini instead, which obviously didn't have any pockets.

"No! No! This can't be happening!" Zora whimpered pathetically as she jammed her hand back over her crotch and began to shift her legs around urgently. "I can't have left that damn card key in my bag which Matt has! I can't be that stupid can I!" Zora quickly glanced behind her, and groaned, Matt wasn't anywhere in sight. Nor was anyone else in sight who could let her in. "Yes, you are that stupid Zora! Why didn't you think to put your jeans back on so that you'd have the damn card key!" she hissed, along with a series of swear words.

It was only now, stuck outside her dormitory building, dying to piss after 40 hours of waiting, that Zora realized how chilly the evening air was when you were only wearing a skimpy bikini. Zora's whole body begin to shiver from the cold, which was the last thing her bladder needed. Zora felt her throbbing bladder trying to urgently expel her hot pent up pee despite Zora's best effort to keep it in just a little longer. Zora was sure that both her fists jammed against her pee hole were the only thing keeping her from pissing herself right now.

"Don't let me lose it now! Please not now!" Zora whimpered to herself "Not when I'm so close to the ladies room and have come so far". Zora's exhausted bladder continued to rebel against her iron control in the cold night air however. Zora could barely hold it back much longer as she was nearly overwhelmed by even stronger urges yet.

Just as Zora was about to give up all hope and piss in the grass before her urine ran down her legs she heard several familiar voices approaching. She turned around and saw Matt, Steve, and Phil approaching, counting out some of the money she had won for them. The guys all noticed Zora desperately squirming by the door at the same time. Steve and Phil had a look of surprise, while Matt had a look of guilt as he realized why Zora was still standing outside in the cold.

"Guys one of you use your key card to open that damn door right now before I piss myself! I'm going out of my mind in desperation in this cold air!" Zora yelled impatiently.

"Zora I'm so sorry, I didn't realize you left your key card in your bag before you ran off" Matt apologized as he whipped his card out and unlocked the door for Zora. Zora didn't waste a second, she ran full speed through the open door towards the ladies room, nearly losing a major spurt along the way.

Zora's relief at finally getting to the ladies room turned to horror as she stepped inside. She had never seen it so crowded before. There were only 3 stalls in the ladies room, and all were occupied already. There were also 10 other women already waiting in line, most of whom Zora recognized from the weekend beach trip. At even a quick glance Zora could tell many of the women were shifting around uncomfortably, obviously desperate to pee. Zora had little doubt these women had been drinking a lot of beer on the bus ride home. In other words, the ladies room was just as Zora had dreaded it would be.

Zora felt her exhausted bladder weakening just from being so close to the anticipated relief of the toilet. The sound of one or two other women pissing in the toilet behind the stall door was torture on Zora.

"Oh please, please, let me cut in line ladies, I'm about to lose it" Zora whimpered as she openly squeezed her pussy at the back of the line. The reception Zora got was not as she had hoped however.

Almost all the girls immediately protested, and complained about their own needs. Sheena, the loudest of those girls, ended up speaking for the group. "No one's letting you cut in line girl, so shut up and wait your turn like the rest of us! You're not the only one dying to pee, I had 6 cans of beer on the way home!".

Before Zora could say anything more, everyone heard the loud sound of one of the toilets flushing. The noise of the flush was like a battering ram hitting Zora's exhausted little pee hole. "Oh No! NO!" Zora screamed as the flush was the straw that broke the camel's bladder. Piss squirted out of Zora's warm pussy for several seconds, soaking half her bikini bottom, and running down her legs before she could cut off the flow after a few seconds. Almost all the ladies eyes were on Zora now.

Zora tried to cut in line and hurry into the stall when the door opened, but several of the women moved to block her. "Please let me go!" Zora cried. "I haven't peed in over 40 hours! I'm already pissing myself!"

"You're not cutting in line bitch and that's final" said Sheena as Zora watched another girl hurry into the stall and close the door behind her. Despite her best efforts, Zora lost another large spurt of piss right there and felt it running down her legs, which wasn't unnoticed by Sheena, who was still blocking her from cutting in line. "Looks like you won't be needing the toilet anymore by the time it's your turn" Sheena said with a nasty grin. Zora began to blush as she realized Sheena was right, she was likely only seconds away from completely losing control of her exhausted bladder.

For a fraction of a second Zora was ready to give up in despair and just piss where she stood rather than drag out the inevitable even longer. Zora knew even her iron bladder was too exhausted and too overfilled to the brim to hold her hot pent up piss back for more than a couple of seconds longer. But then the solution to her desperate plight dawned on her.

"Out of my way!" Zora shouted as she shoved her way past the women waiting in line, all while the new girl in the stall began to piss a gusher. The sound of the new girl's gusher was like a bomb going off in Zora's bladder. A few more drops dribbled out of her exhausted iron bladder and down her legs despite Zora's best efforts to hold it.

But then Zora turned the corner and saw the shower stalls. Zora hurried inside the nearest shower stall, stood over the drain in the center, and began to release her boiling load of pent up piss full force before she had even pulled her bikini bottom aside. The hiss of Zora's piss was easily loud enough for every woman in the ladies room to hear. Several of the women desperately waiting in line groaned at the sound of Zora's gusher of piss.

Zora was too engrossed with the feeling of her relief to pay attention to anything else. The relief was like a constant orgasm of pleasure that nothing could top. It took over 6 minutes for Zora's impressive waterfall of piss to finally run dry. Zora couldn't believe she had held so much piss in her bladder for so long. It was miracle she had held it in even this long she thought.

It was only then that Zora realized that she had forgotten to close the shower curtain to give herself some privacy. Zora blushed in embarrassment as she quickly pulled her wet bikini bottom back in place to cover her pussy. Then she looked up and realized that her arch-rival Kelly was watching her with a smirk on her face.

"Looks like I'm not the only girl who needs to clean herself up now" she said with a mix of venom and glee as she entered another shower stall.

When Zora left the ladies room she found Matt was alone in the hallway waiting for her. A quick glance at Zora's soaking wet bikini bottom, and moist legs told him all he needed to know. "I don't know if I can call myself a bladder queen anymore Matt" she confessed, her face red with embarrassment. "I just couldn't hold it any longer, the long line did me in Matt. I ran into the shower stall to piss after I started to pee myself in front of everyone! Kelly saw everything!".

"It's alright, don't be upset Zora" Matt replied, trying to calm Zora down as he embraced her in a warm hug and began to walk her to her room. "You're still the girl with the biggest bladder on campus, and that's good enough to make you the reigning bladder queen here. Kelly can't take that away from you, you held on a lot longer than she did".

"No" Zora replied with a look of stubbornness returning to her face. "It's still not good enough Matt. I need to learn how to hold it even longer, so that tonight's shameful little accident never happens to me again".

Alternate Ending/Ending 2

"Guys one of you use your key card to open that damn door right now before I piss myself!" Zora yelled impatiently.

"Zora I'm so sorry, I didn't realize your key card was in your bag before you ran off" Matt apologized as he whipped his card out and unlocked the door for Zora. Zora didn't waste a second, she ran full speed through the open door towards the ladies room, nearly losing a major spurt along the way.

Zora's relief at finally getting to the ladies room turned to deep disappointment as she stepped inside. She had never seen this ladies room so crowded before. There were only 3 stalls in the ladies room, and all were occupied already. There were also 10 other women already waiting in line, most of whom Zora recognized from the weekend beach trip. At even a quick glance Zora could tell many of the women were shifting around uncomfortably, obviously desperate to pee. Zora had little doubt these women had been drinking a lot of beer on the bus ride home. In other words, the ladies room was just as Zora had dreaded it would be.

'A bladder queen waits in line, she doesn't beg for other women to let her jump the line' Zora told herself in her head as she joined the end of the line. Even so, Zora felt her exhausted iron bladder weakening from the anticipation of relief being so close. Standing so near the toilets but not being able to use them yet was much worse on Zora then being a several hour bus ride away from any usable clean toilets. Zora couldn't stop shifting her legs around in desperation with her hands jammed into her crotch, just like several other women in front of her in the line.

The worst part of being in line however was the assault on her ears. Zora could hear the loud sound of one or two other women pissing in the toilet behind the stall door, doing the thing her exhausted iron bladder still couldn't do quite yet but desperately wanted to. Given the complains Zora heard from the other women, she was obviously not alone in being tortured by this.

After a minute one of the women finally finished up in the stall. The sound of one of the toilets flushing was like a battering ram hitting Zora's bladder. Zora desperately jammed her hands deeper into her pussy as she watched with jealousy as one woman left a stall, and the woman at the front of the line entered it.

Zora nearly lost control as the new woman's loud piss began to echo throughout the ladies room, which sent more urgent jolts through her bladder. Waiting in line was never going to work Zora realized. Zora made a split second decision to head towards the door. The sound of the other women peeing and flushing the toilets was surely going to make Zora piss herself waiting in line if she stayed any longer.

Matt was alone in the hallway waiting for Zora. He was clearly surprised when Zora came out in just under a minute. Then he realized Zora was still shifting her legs around desperately, all while still remaining dry. "What's the matter Zora is something wrong with the ladies room" Matt asked.

Unknown to Matt, Zora saw Kelly approaching from down the hall. It was clear from the items she was carrying that she was heading for a shower to clean herself off after her earlier accident. The women's eyes locked for a brief second, Kelly had to have seen the worry in Zora's eyes, because she smirked at her.

Kelly knew without a doubt why Zora hadn't been able to release her boiling load of pent up piss in the ladies room. She knew Zora had fled the ladies room to beg Matt to sneak her into the men's room to use their stall that hopefully had no line. Kelly would no doubt enjoy the sight of her arch rival swallowing her pride out of desperation, and doing something so pitiful she would never even consider otherwise. Zora knew she simply couldn't allow that to happen, no matter how close the piss was to spurting out of her pussy.

"I... don't want to wait in that line... it's too long... and a bladder queen doesn't... wait in lines... for her chance to pee..." Zora replied to Matt, unable to keep the anxiousness from her voice.

"Let me check if the stall in the men's room is available and sneak you inside Zora" Matt offered, knowing Zora's control was likely at its limit after 40 hours of waiting.

"No... please don't" Zora replied anxiously, as she still bravely kept her hands away from her pussy. "A bladder queen doesn't... do things like that... she holds it... she should be able to wait...".

"Err, then what do you want to do Zora" Matt asked, confused, but also pleased at what a hot squirming mess his girlfriend was in front of him right now. The fact that Zora was for some reason refusing to grip her pussy for dear life all while close to losing her mind in desperation made it all the hotter for Matt.

"I want... another beer Matt" Zora replied, still anxious, but now with more confidence flowing into her voice. "I want... to share a couple more beers with you in my dorm".

"But what about that pussy of yours that hasn't been able to pee in over 40 hours? And all that beer you've already had since then?" Matt asked excitedly as he pulled the last 12 ounce alcoholic beer bottle in their bags out. "Surely you've got a lot of boiling pent up piss still bursting to come out".

"I'll have to wait" replied Zora as she accepted the open beer bottle form Matt and took a sip. "I'll have to wait... until morning when there won't be a line to wait in". The look of frustration on Kelly's face as she realized Zora was serious was enough for Zora to know she had made the right choice.

"Well if there's any girl on campus who can wait that long, even with a rock hard bulging bladder, it's my bladder queen" Matt said with a big grin. He had a raging hard-on now underneath his swim trunks, which was not unnoticed by Zora, who was feeling pretty turned on herself.

"Besides" Zora added casually in a whisper, "I know from all your... enjoyment... of my desperation that you want to fuck me now, before I can piss a single drop... and so do I. My boiling load of pent up piss may be driving me out of my fucking mind in desperation, but it'll just have to wait until morning. There will be no peeing in a bucket or trashcan for me after sex or before bed. I'm in for a rough night Matt, and I want you to make it as rough on your queen and her very much unrelieved bladder as you can". With that Matt followed Zora as she began to hobble back to her dorm room, still unrelieved.

===

That's the story, tell me what you think.

Also, if you're wondering why there's two different endings, I liked both of them so I decided to include both.

*004*2017-11-25 01:57

Wow, I honestly didn't think anyone would get through reading all 5 parts so fast and comment within the first 24 hours. Thanks guys.

{{On 11/23/2017 at 5:15 PM, Uniee said:

Well this Finished my hold.. had to hobble to toilet to pee..

I'd have liked a wetting in room (private), maybe a bin... maybe sink in room.. toilets too busy..

}}

Well Kelly's end came kind of close to the first item I'd think the way she pissed her bikini, but yeah, it wasn't private. But noted, maybe I'll write more alternate endings next time to include more possible outcomes like the stuff you suggested.

{{6 hours ago, acer913 said:

That was hot. I was a fan of the second ending, but both were excelent

}}

That's what others have said to.

The good part about the second ending is that the story doesn't necessarily have to end there. .

*008*2017-12-10 04:49

Thanks for all the feedback guys. Wedgeantilles & Yellow Rain, it's fine if you feel differently about which ending was better. That's part of why I decided to write two endings, I figured not everyone would be satisfied with either.

I was pondering if I should start a new thread for this or not, but I guess I'll post it here.

I don't think I mentioned it in my earlier posts here, but there's actually a bit of content I removed from this story. In between Part 4 and 5 I was originally going to include two short stories, of dreams that Zora & Kelly have overnight, fueled by their full bladders. I ended up cutting both the dreams out because 1) the story was already getting rather long, and 2) at the time the dreams still needed a lot of work in my opinion, I didn't want to hold up posting part #5 over them.

Below is the finished short story of Zora's dream, I haven't finished Kelly's dream yet so I can't post that one. Maybe I will someday.

===

The Desperate Dream Intermission - Zora's Dream

Zora didn't wake up during the night, but she did dream. Most people with a full bladder have dreams where they need to pee really badly, and Zora was no exception.

Zora was sitting in the back of the college classroom, Matt was with her, but so was Kelly. Zora was desperate for a piss, she had been holding it in for several days now in her dream. She recalled how she had tried to use the toilet this morning, but another girl had beaten her to it. Zora could have just waited for the other girl to come out, but she didn't feel like waiting, and she needed to get to class soon. So Zora had decided to skip her morning piss and continue to hold it. Kelly and Matt were both much more relaxed. Zora knew that unlike her they had both taken a morning piss. Zora knew she should be paying attention to the teacher, but besides her bladder, she was distracted by her rivalry with Kelly.

Zora had met Kelly along her way to class, helping herself to a large 1 liter bottle of soda from a vending machine. "You ought to grab one of these yourself Zora" Kelly had suggested. "It's a 3 hour long class, and I know I always get thirsty during it". Kelly knew full well that Zora hadn't peed in several days and was quite desperate to pee by now, her 'suggestion' was practically a dare. Zora found herself wishing she had used the toilet this morning as she took Kelly's advice and grabbed a large bottle for herself.

Matt had smiled upon seeing Zora and Kelly both enter class, each drinking from a large 1 liter bottle of soda. Matt to knew full well that Zora was already desperate from not peeing in several days, but that didn't stop him from wanting her and Kelly to put on a show for him. "Hey ladies" whispered Matt, "I bet Zora can drink more of those 1 liter soda bottles than you can Kelly". Despite how much she already longed for a piss in her dream, Zora had agreed to the bet.

She and Kelly were soon chugging down bottle after bottle of soda in her dream, Matt seemed to have an endless supply of cold bottles in his backpack.

Zora knew she was going to rush off to the ladies room the second the class ended, she really needed it now. Whatever the reason Zora had put off visiting the toilet for several days, it couldn't be put off much longer. But class seemed to be stretching on and on endlessly, it felt like Zora had been sitting there for over 6 hours already, yet the end of class still seemed to be nowhere in sight.

All the many large bottles of soda Zora was drinking were making her already urgent need for a piss so much worse. "Looks like a certain someone really needs to take a potty break after several days of holding it in" Matt observed with a big grin as he watched Zora fidgeting around desperately in her seat.

"I'm sure this contest is a lot harder when you haven't been able to pee for several days" added Kelly. "Too bad you didn't get to take a piss this morning". Zora could have easily just stopped drinking and conceded the contest to Kelly, but even in her dreams that was unthinkable.

Zora was beginning to doubt if she could possibly hold her heavy load of pent up piss back a moment longer just as class finally ended. As Zora hurried out of her seat and ran towards the door she heard Matt and Kelly both urging her to come back. "Where do you think you're going Zora? The drinking contest isn't over yet" she heard them saying, but Zora ignored them both. Instead Zora made a beeline straight for the ladies room that she urgently needed.

But as Zora ran towards the ladies room in her dream, things weren't as they should be in real life. The doors to both the men's and ladies room led to the same unisex restroom. On one side of the restroom was a half dozen urinals that Zora couldn't possibly use. On the other side were a few sinks, and 3 separate bathroom stalls. Zora didn't care about the obvious differences from this bathroom versus the one she had been expecting as she hurried inside the nearest stall.

Upon entering the stall however Zora discovered there was a padlock on the toilet which prevented the lid from opening! Frantic now, and feeling on the verge of pissing herself, Zora tried to lift the lid and seat together so that she could hover over the toilet to pee, but both refused to budge! Even more frantic now, Zora hurried to the other two stalls, only to find they all had the same problem with the padlock preventing anyone from using them. Who would do such a nasty thing to all the ladies on campus Zora wondered!

"Looking for this are we?" asked the familiar voice of Kelly. Zora turned around and saw Kelly holding a key, Matt was with her to. "Since you haven't peed in several days I thought you might try to run off for a pee break during our drinking contest. So I locked all the non-urinals on campus just in case".

"Please give me the key!" Zora whined.

"Zora you know the rules to a drinking contest, pee breaks aren't allowed" Matt replied in a tone implying he was strongly disappointed in her. "Besides, you can handle a little bit of soda, you don't really need to pee yet".

"But I do!" Zora whined as she potty danced shamelessly before them. "I have to pee so bad you guys, I haven't been able to pee in several days! I need that key now!".

"Well that's a real shame then Zora" Kelly replied with an evil grin that contained no hint of mercy for Zora. "Because there needs to be a punishment for trying to break the rules and pee when you aren't allowed to. Me and Matt both agreed on that punishment. Since you tried to break the rules and pee, I get to have my own nice little piss in this urinal". Matt nodded in agreement.

With that Kelly began to unzip her jeans as she approached a urinal. "I'm sure it'll be more interesting for Matt if one of us girls can pee during the contest, and the other girl hasn't peed in several days. This will feel SO good after all that soda I had during class" Kelly said playfully.

"Please don't do that in front of me!" Zora whined. But then she heard another person urinating, and looked to her right, to see Matt pissing in a second urinal. The sound of water hitting the urinal soon doubled as Kelly joined him with her own piss.

The onslaught of two people pissing right next to her was too much for Zora. She felt herself starting to leak as she desperately tried to lift the locked toilet lid. This time it somehow opened without the key. Zora hurried to rip her jeans down to her knees and plop herself down on the toilet seat. It would feel so good to let loose her boiling load of pent up piss! But Zora's jeans refused to budge, her zipper was stuck! Zora frantically tried to get her zipper to open, then frantically tried to just rip her jeans down, but it was no use, they refused to budge. Piss was beginning to run down Zora's legs, Zora's boiling load of pent up piss refused to be held back any longer!

And then Zora mercifully woke up, squirming desperately, but still dry.

*011*2017-12-17 05:41

Thanks for the comments guys. Melifcentfan & wedgentilles you two are the reason I decided I really ought to take a break on the story I was currently working on to finish Kelly's dream short story. I think I'm finally satisfied with it enough to post it, so here it is.

===

The Desperate Dreams Intermission

Kelly's Dream:

Kelly meanwhile slept as soundly as a girl with a bladder as burstingly full as her's could manage. She didn't wake up during the night, but she also had a dream about needing to pee really badly brought on by her full bladder.

Kelly was in a large indoors gymnasium back at college, and the bleachers were packed with what looked like nearly everyone in the college. But the crowd wasn't there to watch a sports game, they were there to watch a beer drinking marathon contest between Kelly and her arch-rival Zora. Each round a large pile of bottles & cans of beer were placed before both women. The more rounds each woman had won, the more extra bottles of beer they had in their pile to drink in future rounds. Whenever Zora or Kelly won the round by drinking all their beer before their opponent they would win $100.

Unlike real life where her and Zora gotten a several hour break between the drinking contests, there was barely any break at all in between the beer contests in Kelly's dream. There were also no bathroom breaks whatsoever during the beer drinking marathon, unless the referee said otherwise. Kelly was getting very desperate for a bathroom break, the contest had been going on for three days already in her dream, and the referee hadn't given her or Zora a single bathroom break. Members of the audience were surely making bets on when Kelly and Zora would pee themselves from all the beer they had been drinking.

But the lack of a bathroom break and her desperate need to pee weren't what made the dream a nightmare for Kelly. It was that Zora had consistently been humiliating her by winning all the rounds of the beer drinking contests. Each time she won Zora would arrogantly ask to be given more extra beer to drink in all future rounds then the rules called for, "to keep things interesting", and "to really earn my $100 winnings". Zora looked at Kelly like a predator looks at its pray, and announced "I may have to drink triple beer you do in the next round Kelly, but I'm confident it won't hinder my ability to beat you yet again".

Her blood boiling now, Kelly told Zora "you'll regret that arrogance when I crush you woman".

"Oh maybe I'll regret it later" replied Zora in a mock boredom voice, "but only when all that extra beer I've volunteered to drink hits my iron bladder and makes me have to pee a lot worse. I won't lose to you in this beer drinking contest".

The referee soon brought out 4 massive jugs of beer, 1 for Kelly, and 3 for Zora, and told Zora and Kelly to start drinking. Kelly felt her bursting bladder getting more and more desperate as she drank. Kelly had worn loose fitting jeans, and comfortable sneakers to try to make things a bit easier on herself, even if she knew it wasn't the hottest outfit she had. But right now Kelly's outfit didn't seem to be helping her. Kelly's bladder was so bulged out with several days of drinking that even her loose jeans were squeezing down ruthlessly hard on her rock hard bladder bulge. Kelly couldn't help but squirm around desperately with one hand jammed into her pussy as she tried to drink the beer as quickly as possible.

But Zora's bladder must surely be in a much worse state from all the extra beer she's had the last few days Kelly found herself hoping as she drank. Unlike Kelly, Zora's outfit went for looking hot and sexy over being practical for the several day long holding contest they were having. Zora had tight skinny jeans on, which no doubt were getting even tighter as Zora's bladder filled up with loads of boiling hot piss. They had to be squeezing Zora's rock hard bladder bulge even more ruthlessly than Kelly's jeans were. Worse yet, Zora had gone for a pair of sexy 6 inch high heels for her footwear, with her bladder so full each step had to be torture on Zora in those things, what had she been thinking to wear them Kelly wondered.

Kelly glanced at Zora, and saw her squirming around in desperation, a fist jammed into her pussy, urgently needing to expel her bladder's heavy load of hot pent up piss. Kelly smiled for a brief moment at her arch rival suffering from her own arrogance catching up to her from all the extra beer she had drank the last few days. But Kelly knew she was also in trouble soon if she didn't get a bathroom break. She began squirming around even more urgently than Zora was. Kelly prayed she could release her boiling load of pent up piss soon.

Kelly finally finished drinking from her massive jug of beer, only to be shocked to realize that Zora had finished drinking from all 3 of her massive jugs of beer already. Kelly was pissed off yet again at losing, but she didn't have time to be angry when the referee started talking.

"Alright ladies listen up" said the referee. "This beer drinking marathon has been going on for several days now without either of you being offered a chance for a pee break. This is going to be your first chance to visit the ladies room and take a pee break in several days. Take it if you want, it's up to you. But be warned this is going to be your first and only chance for a pee break for at least the next week. So think long and hard if you really want to break the seal or not".

Kelly didn't need to be told twice, without even looking at Zora she bolted from the room and towards the ladies room. Regardless of the risks of breaking the seal coming back to haunt her later, Kelly simply had to pee now! For a moment Kelly thought sweet relief was in sight as she ran inside the ladies room, until she saw the state of the ladies room. There were only two stalls, both had urine all over their toilet seat and the floor from the last person, as if she had missed the toilet bowl entirely. Both stalls were also out of toilet paper. Disgusted, Kelly went to grab some paper towels, only to realize that there weren't any, there was only a hand dryer.

Before Kelly could decide what to do in her dream Zora joined her in the ladies room, while drinking from a modestly sized bottle of beer. Kelly felt an extra added pang of desperation at the sight of Zora's unnecessary drinking, and the thought of how much worse off Zora's bursting bladder must be with all the extra beer she had consumed. "Zora, someone made a disgusting mess peeing all over the place, and she used up all the toilet paper!" Kelly informed her as she fidgeted around like mad, desperately gripping her pussy for dear life.

Zora rolled her eyes as if that news were only a slight inconvenience to her. "Oh well then, I guess we won't be peeing during this break" shrugged Zora calmly, barely even squirming despite the much heavier load of pent up boiling piss sitting in her bladder. "It's no big deal for me, I was debating with myself not taking a pee break when they offered it anyway. I can wait for another pee break like a proper lady would when there's no sanitary toilets to use, even if it's going to be another long hard wait with a lot of drinking until we get a chance to pee again".

Kelly felt unnerved by her rival's sudden calm demeanor and confidence, Zora had been squirming around madly in desperation just like Kelly a minute ago. Surely this was a bluff Kelly thought, as her own bladder begged for relief that she had no way to give it, short of shamefully peeing on the floor. Zora had to be under a tremendous strain keeping her bursting bladder's dam shut, no matter how calmly she acted outwardly, just thinking about it made Kelly even more desperate. Maybe deep down Zora knew she couldn't beat Kelly's iron bladder, so she wanted to give herself a credible excuse for losing the battle of the iron bladders to Kelly that would make Zora look like the real winner. What better excuse for that then for Zora to not pee while Kelly did? That had to be it, of course Kelly desperately thought!. "Oh, well if you aren't going to take a pee break either I'll be fine with waiting to" Kelly said, calling Zora's bluff.

Kelly's arch rival practically laughed right in her face. "I see right through you Kelly, you can't hold it much longer. You're bursting to release several days worth of pent up boiling piss, just like me, but thanks to the filthy state of the ladies room you can't. Worse yet, you know that even though I've had a lot more beer then you I can still hold it for a while longer, unlike you" she said.

Kelly felt herself getting more desperate by the second as she watched Zora take a long gulp from her beer bottle. It was like the more Zora tortured herself and filled her bladder the more desperate Kelly got in this dream.

"Go ahead, drop your jeans and piss on the floor like a dog would, rather than a bladder queen" Zora laughed. "That's the only way it looks like you're getting a pee break in here Kelly. I'll even watch while continuing to hold my own boiling flood of pent up piss back, which is bursting to come out of my pussy right now. Is that enough of a handicap on me for you to make this competition interesting?".

That taunting got Kelly's blood boiling. She would make Zora pay dearly for her arrogance. Kelly tried to make her way out of the ladies room, but each step was agony on her unrelieved bladder, increasing her desperate need tenfold. Zora moved rapidly in her 6 inch high heels to block the door.

"Are you sure you really want to make that mistake?" Zora asked as she waved her half empty bottle of beer in front of her, the beer sloshing around just like the urine in Kelly's bursting bladder. The reminder of all the beer she had drank sent renewed jolts of desperation through her whole body. "A pee would feel really good right now, with all that beer sloshing around in both our poor bladders, wouldn't it Kelly? It's not easy to hold it in these tight skinny jeans and uncomfortable 6 inch high heels. I really have to pee bad right now, I don't know if I'd be able to resist the urge and hold it any longer if you started to pee in front of me Kelly".

Kelly wanted to bravely turn the sink's faucet on full force to watch Zora piss her arrogant self from the sight of running water, just so that she could retort "I guess you couldn't resist the urge any longer, even without me peeing a drop". It would be such a satisfying way to show the arrogant woman who the real bladder queen was. But she couldn't. The agony of Kelly's bursting bladder finally became too much for her just as Zora predicted. Kelly began to piss her jeans in the ladies room, right in front of Zora.

"Well that'll sure be embarrassing" laughed dream Zora, "I told you to pee on the floor, not in your jeans. Just wait until the crowd sees you pissed yourself during the break". Kelly tried to regain control, but it was no use, the pee began to gush out of her even faster. Zora had to step back to avoid standing in Kelly's growing puddle of urine. "By the way, you heard the referee, this is my only chance to pee for at least another week. I'm already dying to pee right now, but unlike you I'm still going to keep holding it and skip my pee break, just to prove how weak your pathetic bladder is" Zora added with snark.

Before Kelly's nightmare could continue any longer, Kelly woke up frantically desperate, but somehow still dry.
