Disco Elysium - Harry Du Bois - Flare-cut Trousers

Author: fluffbuttsmutt

*000*2023-11-25 22:14

Catching up on posting fics here, as I want to start doing requests/interactive stories. Warning: Canon-compliant alcohol use and alcoholism.

###

Harry was laid in his bed in the hostel nursing his latest bottle. He was so drunk he couldn’t even be sure what this one was, all that mattered was that he was so drunk he couldn’t even feel the sting in the back of his throat as it slid down to the pit of warmth in his belly. Several bottles were scattered around the room like dimly glowing jewels, already gutted of their contents. Harry groaned as this latest one came up dry, closing one eye to peer down the neck like more would magically come sliding down into his throat, but there was nothing. His arm flopped to the side and the bottle skittered away, scurrying away from the bloated monster laid out on the couch.

Harry supposed he didn’t mind, he was pleasantly drunk enough to pass out like this, drifting into the warm, sunshine embrace. He curled onto his side, scruff scratching against the pillow as he sighed his contentment. He felt so good. He could just drift away like this, with the warmth spreading to his thighs, wrapped around his balls… Harry groaned, hips twitching forward to grind his stiffening cock against the tight confines of his pants, rutting in the warmth found there. Shit, that was good- he needed to rub one out, stat. He clumsily pawed his way to his crotch, cupping his straining length and rocking into his palm, grunting quietly to himself as he fucked his hand through those tight, thigh-hugging jeans, and only paused in consideration after wetness had been tickling over his fingers for a few thrusts now.

Had he hidden a bottle somewhere and managed to knock it open and set it spilling on himself? No, the wetness was from within his jeans, it was… Harry’s mouth dropped open in a low groan as piss desperately welled up through the fabric just over his cockhead, coursing down over his shaft and over his balls, down to warm his thighs. His cock pulsed with it, and two blunt, forceful digits rubbed over the underside of his shaft, feeling the weak, uncoordinated attempts of his body to piss himself through his raging boner.

Ah, wait, his pants were getting all wet… The bed, too. Harry didn’t want to sleep in piss. He rolled to the side, sturdy limbs catching him awkwardly on the linoleum. The jerky movement jolted his bladder, and Harry groaned as piss jetted out of his cock, hissing against the fabric pressed to his cockhead and splattering lightly to the floor below. He palmed himself through the soaked fabric, squeezing at his base and his balls as he ground into his palm, the stream tapering off, but not stopping, under his attention.

Bathroom… He should get to the bathroom. No, that’s too far away, his bladder protested, drips falling steadily from his fingertips. Just right here. Piss yourself on the floor like a dog, Harry, and rut and cum in your filth, you nasty, nasty boy. Harry whimpered, but his body was already well on its way to obeying. Harry huffed an open-mouthed moan into the cold air of the hostel room as piss began to flood his hand, surging against his palm and flowing down his thighs, cascading onto the floor and forming a haphazard puddle. It felt so impossibly good to empty himself, the warmth kept pressed close against his cock. He leaned his head down into his forearm and kept his ass up as he rocked into his palm.

He couldn’t be sure of when he stopped pissing, or if he ever stopped pissing, as that gorgeous peak started to well up in the distance. Harry dug his teeth into the meat of his arm and began rutting faster, harder, the friction almost burning it was so sweet. He came with a harsh, shuddered cry, hips tense and bucking into his palm like there was something there to breed, to take his seed as deeply as it could go. But no, there was just his cum, pulsing through the coarse fabric and over his hand, gliding sweetly. His hand fell away when he had nothing left to give, and Harry promptly passed out there, slumped on the floor.

