The Rules

Author: Frooger

*000*2025-05-13 21:00

(Wrote a story a few years back, but just post it her now. It is heavily influenced by the City without restroom story)

THE RULES

Kelly walked out of the study hall toward the dorms, smoking a cigarette.

She pulled her short leather jacket closed as best she could, but it was so tight she managed to zip it only an inch or two. It was freezing cold—minus 12°C—and the ground was covered in ice and snow.

But Kelly wasn’t dressed for the weather. She wore a thin, cropped leather jacket and a tight, cropped top that revealed a bump in her stomach. Her jeans were skintight with large, blown-out holes at the knees. To top it off, she wore 6-inch stiletto sandals—barefoot.

She lit another cigarette and held her hands near the flame, trying to steal a bit of warmth from the lighter.

The reason for Kelly’s clothes wasn’t fashion or vanity—it was government regulation.

She was 19 years old now. When she was just 8, a coup d’état had taken place in their small country. A new government was established—composed entirely of women. Oddly enough, they didn't interfere in most areas of daily life, but they had imposed a series of bizarre and extreme rules that deeply affected the lives of all females:

Every girl over 16 had to wear extremely tight jeans at all times, whether at home or out. (Girls under 16 were also required to wear jeans, but not as tight.)

Jeans were to be purchased two sizes smaller than the wearer’s actual measurements, and the largest legal size sold was a 30-inch waist.

Skirts were permitted, but they could be no longer than 6 inches.

Every woman over 16 had to wear high heels with a minimum height of 4 inches when outside.

Stockings and socks were banned for all females, regardless of season or age.

Jackets and tops had to be cropped and extremely tight.

Short hair was forbidden; hair must be at least shoulder-length.

Women were not allowed to sit on public transport or in offices/schools. Standing desks were mandated, and females had to remain on their feet while working or studying.

All women over 16 had to wear heavy makeup at all times.

All women over 18 were required to have breast implants of at least 500cc.

Women over 18 had to get lip fillers and maintain them regularly.

Every woman over 16 had to smoke at least one pack of cigarettes a day and chain-smoke whenever outside. (Smoking was allowed for younger girls as well.)

Fingernails had to be at least half an inch long for women over 18.

And perhaps the most dehumanizing rule:

All public restrooms for women had been shut down or destroyed—including those in schools, offices, and apartments.

The only toilets women were allowed to use were in large private villas, and even then, only one female toilet per villa was allowed.

Women were not allowed to:

Urinate in the street

Urinate on themselves

Be seen urinating by any man

Violating any of these laws resulted in severe fines, prison sentences, job or housing loss, or expulsion from school. The government gave no explanation for these policies and refused to answer any questions. There had, of course, been protests—by citizens and the international community—but they faded quickly.

Now, 11 years later, protests had all but disappeared. People had simply adapted.

Kelly had grown up under this regime and become a model citizen. She’d had her lip fillers and breast implants done on her 18th birthday—more than the minimum, in fact. She opted for 1,050cc in each breast and was scheduled to increase them further. Her platinum blonde hair reached her waist.

She stood tall at 176 cm and weighed only 44 kg. Her waist measured 25 inches, so she was only allowed to wear jeans with a maximum waist size of 23 inches. The bulge in her stomach wasn’t fat—it was from holding her urine for four days. Her jeans pressed tightly against her swollen bladder. She was desperate, but so accustomed to the discomfort that she hardly showed it—aside from the noticeable bulge. She was grateful to be in college, as students were allowed to use the restroom for 40 seconds once a week.

Once in her dorm room, Kelly kicked off her stilettos and sat down, massaging her numb feet back to life. The freezing temperatures and high heels had taken a toll. Her dorm, like all female dormitories, had no heating, and the temperature inside hovered around 15°C. She slipped on furry slippers, heated some food in the microwave, and ate under a blanket. She was thankful that college rules allowed students to use blankets in their own rooms.

Her bladder throbbed, desperate for release from its denim prison, but she didn’t dare unbutton her jeans—not even at night. Inspections were random and unannounced.

She fell asleep on the couch and awoke to a knock on the door.

“Inspection,” a voice called.

Kelly stood, kicked off her slippers, and opened the door. A team of female inspectors stood outside. Their job was to ensure students followed government dress codes.

One of them glanced over Kelly: tight jeans, crop top, bare feet, visible bladder bulge, cigarette smoke in the air.

“Looks good. Can you show me your fingernails?”

Kelly raised her hands, displaying her 1-inch-long nails.

“All good. Have a good night.”

“Thanks, same to you,” Kelly replied and closed the door.

She brushed her teeth, removed her top and bra—but kept her jeans on, as always—and went to bed.

Kelly woke the next morning to her alarm. As always, the first thing she did was cough—loud and hard. At only 19, her chronic cough had developed from constant exposure to cold and relentless smoking. Her friends envied it.

After coughing up thick yellow mucus, she lit and chain-smoked three cigarettes in bed just to feel functional. Her swollen bladder throbbed again.

“Calm down,” she murmured. “Just two more days, and you’ll get some relief.”

She put on yesterday’s bra and top—she was headed to swim practice, so she didn’t bother showering. She was a bit of a filthy girl, really, usually only showering after practice, which she had three times a week.

“One benefit of smoking,” she often said. “If you smell bad, just smoke more—no one will notice anything but the smoke.”

Her swimming scholarship was the only reason she could afford college.

She brewed a cup of coffee, lit another cigarette, and checked the thermostat. -19°C.

She slipped on the same stiletto sandals from the day before, grabbed her bag, and stepped outside.

The cold hit her like a knife on her bare feet and exposed midriff, making her bladder spasm. Her fingers trembled as she lit another cigarette.

Kelly was more than just compliant—she was an overachiever, earning coveted Citizen Points. These points determined access to better jobs, housing, and education. Points were awarded for wearing open-toed shoes in winter, tighter clothes, smaller shoe sizes, smoking more, getting larger implants, longer nails, and so on.

That’s why Kelly wore sandals two sizes too small, dug into her feet, smoked constantly, and had 1-inch fingernails—well beyond the minimum.

At the swimming hall, she undressed. Her stomach surged outward, revealing just how distended her bladder was. Her skin bore deep red marks from her waistband and seams.

Her swimwear was no better: tight jeans and a bikini top. Government rules stated that women had to swim in jeans too. Thankfully, heels weren’t required in the water—but the moment they exited, they were.

The girls helped each other get their jeans on, using pliers. Kelly smoked another cigarette. So did the others. Then she slipped on clear 4-inch plastic mules and got in the shower before heading to the pool.

After just one lap, her lungs tightened. Years of smoking had left their mark. She hacked up yellow nicotine-spit.

“Wow! I love your lungs! I want lungs like that,” one of her teammates said admiringly.

“It’s easy,” Kelly replied with pride. “Just smoke more. As much as you can.”

After practice, the coach gathered the team.

“The national tournament has been moved up,” he said. “It’ll be this Saturday at 2 PM.”

Kelly’s heart sank. Saturday at 2 PM was when she was allowed her weekly 40-second pee.

If she skipped it, she’d have to wait another week. But if she missed the tournament, she’d lose her scholarship—and with it, her place at college.

She had no choice. She’d have to hold.

Oh god. Two more weeks? I barely made it ten days last time, she thought, panicking.

The girls used pliers to get their jeans back on and shared horror stories about skipping pee time. Some planned to pee in a dark alley—but Kelly wouldn’t risk it. Being caught meant massive fines, social disgrace, job loss, or expulsion.

It was actually better to pee her pants—that would only cost her citizen points and some public shame.

In the locker room, she lit another cigarette. Then one more before stepping outside. The cold was worse now—her wet hair turned icy almost instantly. She had a 5-minute walk to the study hall. Her teeth chattered so hard she could barely smoke.

Her cold would definitely worsen, she knew. Hope I don’t get a fever, she thought. That’ll make holding even harder.

If a woman got sick, there was no such thing as sick leave. Winter illness was common, but time off was not allowed. If she had a “nice” boss, she might get one or two extra five-minute breaks.

Kelly studied until 6 PM. When she stepped outside, the cold wind slammed into her. Her bladder convulsed in pain.

How am I going to make it nine more days? she thought. I already feel like I’m at my limit.

She was meeting her friend Andrea for drinks. It was a 15-minute walk to the bar. She lit two cigarettes on the way. Her feet had gone completely numb from the cold.

Andrea stood outside the bar waiting when Kelly got there. Andrea had long, light brown hair. She wore 5-inch black ankle boots, skintight black cropped jeans with ripped knees, a tight white cropped top, and an open, short, tight light blue denim jacket. She greeted Kelly with a smoky kiss on the cheek when they met.

Andrea was a childhood friend of Kelly, growing up with her in the poor projects outside the city. But she had not been as fortunate as Kelly, who had gotten a scholarship. Being from a poor family, Andrea had only managed to get very low-standard jobs.

"They are very nice, but what's up with wearing boots?" Kelly asked.

"I’ve started a new job where I work outside, and it's been so cold lately that my employer was afraid I might freeze my toes off if I kept wearing sandals, so they ordered me to wear boots," Andrea said before a doorman came and showed them to a tall standing table outside in the backyard. Women without male company were not allowed inside.

Fortunately, there were heating lamps there, so it was "just" -5°C in the backyard. An exhausted-looking but smiling waitress arrived. Even with heavy makeup, the dark rings under her eyes from lack of sleep and rest were visible.

"Looks like she's working off some toilet tax. I know that feeling all too well," Andrea said.

They both ordered beer.

"And a box of chili nuts. I haven't eaten today," Kelly said to the waitress.

"Make that two boxes. It's been almost three days since I’ve eaten," Andrea quickly added.

"Wow, that’s a long time without food. You should try to eat once a day like me at least—or are you on, by the looks of it, a not-needed diet?" Kelly asked and lit a smoke. Being outside, she had to chainsmoke as the law required.

"No, as I was saying before the doorman interrupted us, I must now wear boots to work. I’m working off some toilet tax, which means I haven’t been able to get home and change into sandals, even if I would much rather be wearing them like you are," Andrea said, pointing down at Kelly's feet and toes, which were now bright red from the cold. "And the toilet tax work means I don't have to eat, but working outside doing hard roadwork like I am now, I get the tax work done in half the normal time. So I’ve just finished doing a 3-nighter shift now."

The toilet tax was something the government had started to allow women to pee since they knew it was impossible for women to hold it forever. The regular pee cycle was, as in Kelly's college, once per week. And the cost for that was $300 per time, which just happened to be what a woman on minimum wage earned in a six-day work week—that was the norm in this country. So, to make them able to pay for their pee, the toilet tax work was created. It meant that a woman would work double shifts for five days straight to pay for her toilet visits.

Every female employee had a chip installed so that if she tried to sit down during the workday, she would get a painful electric shock. So for a woman working the tax shift, it meant that she could not sit or lie down for five days straight, making her stand and walk in her painful shoes all the time. That meant a low-paid woman would get only two nights of sleep a week! Some women started to reduce their toilet visits to just once every 10 days or even 14 days, just to get some more rest and sleep.

The waitress came back with their orders, and Andrea asked her, "So how far into your tax shift are you?"

"I am three days in, so just two more to go," the waitress answered with a weak smile.

Kelly told Andrea about her forced 14-day hold, and Andrea was stunned to hear that.

Kelly and Andrea talked and drank for some hours. Kelly got a bit drunk, and at one point she spilled half her beer over her jeans, making it extra cold standing there in wet jeans. Andrea said she would come to see Kelly’s tournament on Saturday. They said their goodbyes and went home. Andrea was so exhausted from three days of ditch digging without any rest that she almost fell asleep standing on the train on her way home. She looked forward to a few hours of sleep before going back to work in the morning (she would only get 4 hours since she was out so late with Kelly).

Kelly got back to her room freezing cold, her teeth chattering nonstop. She put her furry slippers on the moment she got in the door. She felt a stinging pain in her feet as she massaged some life back into them. She thought about changing out of her beer-soaked jeans before going to bed, but she was so tired and drunk she decided to wait until morning. So she slept in them—and the slippers—in bed, even grabbing another blanket because she was so cold.

Kelly woke the next morning before her alarm clock. She woke from her bladder being on fire; the beers she had last night had filled it up really well. During her hard morning coughs, she was sure she had peed herself, but she managed to stay dry. After her morning smokes, she got up and saw how beer-stained her jeans were. She had to change them, so she unbuttoned and unzipped them—and her bladder sprang out. When she got out of her jeans, her skin had deep imprints from the seams and waistband of her tight jeans.

She then took out a clean pair of jeans from her closet. She sat down on the bed and started to drag them on. Once she had got them over her ankles, she put her strappy sandals back on, knowing she wouldn’t be able to bend enough to put them on after her jeans were on. Her feet showed some wear and tear from being forced to be naked in the cold in such high and much-too-small shoes all the time. She had some very painful blisters where the tight straps of the shoes were, and since the straps kept rubbing there almost constantly, they never healed. She then stood up, forcing her entire weight onto her poor toes, and started to drag her jeans on. The jeans were very ripped—much more than the ones she had worn the past few days. They had big holes on the knees, thighs, and even one under the right butt cheek. She jumped and wiggled to get them up, but when they were all the way up, she saw that there was no way she could close them by herself. Her bladder had gotten too big!

She went and knocked on her neighbor’s door.

A blonde girl the same age opened the door. Cigarette smoke reeked out of her room. It looked like Kelly had woken her up. She was just wearing a bra and jeans—very low-rise, light blue jeans with holes on both knees. She was just 161 cm tall, but she liked to wear very long jeans, so she used 36-inch-long jeans. The long jeans covered her feet and she was always stepping on them when she walked. The low-rise jeans showed off a huge bladder bump.

"Sorry to wake you, Mary, but I need help to close my jeans," Kelly said.

"No problem, come in. Let me just get a few cigs first and I’ll help you," the girl named Mary replied.

They both smoked and talked, and Kelly told her about her bladder situation.

"I have something to help you with that," Mary told Kelly. "You know my father works as a scientist—they’re working on something that will help women hold longer. They’ve invented something that will make you unable to pee for 14 days."

Mary found a small plug-like item. "If you put this in your pee hole, you will not be able to pee for 14 days—even if you want to. It’s still only in the trial stage, but I’m testing it right now. I’ve been holding for 10 days. If you want, you can try it too."

Kelly didn’t give it much thought before she said, "Yes, please."

"Okay, then you just have to sign some papers before you put it in," Mary said.

Kelly signed without reading the papers.

"Alright, then you just have to insert it into your pee hole, and that’s it," Mary said.

Kelly did that, and the moment she put it in, she felt her pee hole being clamped shut.

"So how do I remove it?" Kelly asked.

"Like I said, you can’t remove it. It will stay for 14 days and then fall out by itself. But don’t worry—it works great. As I said, I’ve been wearing it for 10 days and I can’t pee even if I try. Everything else is the same though—the growing bladder bulge, cramps, and pain. Oh, the pain," Mary paused for a second as a huge bladder cramp hit her. "Unfortunately, the government was very specific about this: under no circumstances should this device ease the pain. If anything, they wanted it to increase the pain. Thankfully, my father and his team didn’t go that far."

Mary then helped Kelly to close her jeans. Kelly had to lay flat on the floor, and Mary had to use pliers to do it.

Kelly thanked Mary for all the help and they agreed to walk to campus together. Mary offered Kelly a cup of coffee while she got ready. A sound from her email notification came. Mary looked at it and said:

"WTF! They’re cutting off hot water in the showers!"

She showed Kelly the email:

Due to the high increase in electricity prices, the hot water in the showers in the girls' dorms and the girls’ locker rooms at college will be shut off ASAP. Thank you for your understanding.

"Do they want us to freeze to death? A hot shower is the only time in winter I feel a bit of warmth. I’ll have to cut down showers to an absolute minimum—but I don’t want to smell either," Mary said, upset.

"Just up your smoking and that will cover your smell. And there will be a long time anyway before we sweat again," Kelly replied.

"You take this very easily," Mary said and lit another cigarette.

"I know that getting angry gets me nowhere. When they set a new rule, all we can do is follow it," Kelly said.

Mary just shrugged her shoulders and put on some high-heeled sandals. Then they walked together to school while smoking. Even in 5-inch heels, Mary’s jeans dragged on the ground when she walked, catching a lot of snow and ice—which would be very cold on her legs when she got inside and it melted.

