The Beach Party

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2017-11-23 21:03

Hey everyone, I'm back again with another long story about some people who are extremely desperate to pee. I met to post this here when I finished it a few months ago, but I realized recently that I completely forgot to until now, so my apologize for the delay.

Note: This story is long and divided up into multiple parts, so that it's easier to read in more than one sitting. Each part averages about 5,000 words in length, except for part #5, the final part, which is twice as long. So yeah, it'll take a while to read through it all.

===

The Beach Party, Part #1

"Hey Zora, you'll love this party I just heard about".

"Oh? Why is that Matt? You know I only like parties if there's plenty of beer involved"

"Oh there is, take a look at this flyer William gave me" replied Matt, handing it to Zora.

Zora looked at the flyer, it was advertising a weekend party at the beach for the entire freshmen class, and promising plenty of beer. The group would leave extra early on a bus at 6 AM on a Saturday, and head home on a bus on Sunday at 7 PM. It also vaguely promised some 'beer contests' that people could win money participating in, or placing bets on. In smaller font it was stated that most of the beer served before the evening would be non-alcoholic for legal liability reasons.

"Well I'm sure they'd love for two gorgeous people like us to be there Matt. Too bad we're both too broke to bet any money on the contests it advertises" said Zora.

"Hey don't say that before we even know what the contests are" argued Matt. "We both know how you're able to drink a lot of big tough guys under the table Zora, including yours truly. No one ever expects the slim sexy nerd girl to be able to down more beer then them".

Matt's flattering description of Zora described her well. Zora was a slim and sexy 19 year old college girl with long dark hair who majored in mathematics. Despite how Zora looked like a lightweight, whenever she went out drinking with the guys she always drank more beer than even the tall muscular jocks in the group. Zora was also well known among her friends for having an iron bladder, since she never visited the ladies room when she went out drinking. Not even when the others in her group had each visited the restrooms several times in the night while drinking less beer than her. Zora never took more than 3 trips to the toilet in a day, and could often easily get away with just 2 pees a day without too much trouble.

Despite being one of the smartest students in her year, Zora often hung out with the guys who could be described as the 'dumb jocks' who were great at sports and had great bodies but weren't the brightest bulbs. Her boyfriend Matt was one of those guys, big and muscular but not the brightest at academic work.

"Just because I'm good at it doesn't mean that I'll win any bets we place on me" protested Zora, "but even if we're too broke to bet money we could still win some of the prizes it talks about".

"Then I'll find a few bucks to place a bet on you if it's a drinking contest Zora" said Matt. "But first lets answer the million dollar question. Are we going to sign up for this party or what"?

"Of course we are" Zora replied eagerly. "William may be known as a rich prick, but he's also known to always throw the best parties. Just make sure you tell Steve and Phil about this, they'll want to go to". Steve and Phil were friends of Zora and Matt who they often hung out with and went out drinking with.

"Way ahead of you Zora, I ran into them first and already told them while I was looking for you" grinned Matt. "I'll go RSVP for us both".

When the day of the party came Zora was as exhausted as everyone else from having to get up before 6 AM to catch the bus. Zora woke up so close to 6 AM that she barely had time to get dressed and visit the bathroom to take a morning piss before racing to catch the bus. As they got onto the buses Zora counted roughly 100 college students coming along for the weekend beach party.

Zora had dressed appropriately in skimpy clothing since it was bound to be quite warm at the beach, and she wanted to show off her sexy body. Zora wore a skimpy black bikini underneath a skimpy tank top and a very short jeans denim skirt. Zora saw that most of the other girls had dressed similarly. Most of the guys were in just their swim trunks and a short sleeve shirt. Since they wouldn't arrive at the beach for several hours, and it was so early in the day, Zora, Matt, and almost all the other passengers quickly fell asleep during the long ride.

"Zora wake up, we're at the beach" whispered Matt.

"Huh" yawned Zora as she opened her eyes and looked around. It looked like Matt was right, almost everyone else was already getting out of their seats and helping to carry beach supplies and coolers of refreshments out. Zora looked out the window, and saw the beautiful ocean splashing onto the beach sand.

As they got off the bus Zora saw that the beach they had gone to was truly as in the middle of nowhere as possible. It was a very rural looking place with a lot of grass and mountains in the distance inland, and no signs of civilization for miles. William had promised that they'd have absolute privacy on the beach where no one would disturb them, and the location he had picked certainly seemed to deliver on that promise.

Soon the beach supplies and drinks were completely unloaded from the buses and the buses drove away. Zora, Matt, and most of the others stripped down to their bikini's and swim trunks and began to put on sunscreen. Matt finished putting the sunscreen on himself first.

"Hey, I'll be back in a bit Zora, I gotta go take a piss" said Matt as he began to get up.

"Go right ahead" replied Zora, though she wondered where Matt intended to go. Zora had already gotten enough of a look at the beach & nearby area to see that there were no public restrooms here. There weren't even any buildings in sight for miles. There was also barely anything to hide behind to offer any privacy.

As Matt began to walk away the direction he was heading in immediately answered Zora's question. He was heading towards some several feet high sand dunes that stretched pretty far. At least 4 other guys were already standing near the sand dunes facing away from Zora and most of the other college students. It didn't take a genius to figure out even from the distance that they were all peeing on the sand dunes.

"Hey Matt" Zora shouted while he was still within earshot, "get me a cold bottle of beer on your way back, I'm thirsty". Zora heard Matt shout an 'ok' back to her.

As Zora was left alone to put her sunscreen on her mind turned to the obvious question, what would Zora do when she had to pee later. While Zora had no urge to go right now, having just taken a morning piss about 3 hours ago, she had little doubt that she'd be needing to go eventually with all the beer she'd be drinking today. Zora had figured that there would be a public restroom nearby that she could use, but obviously that wasn't the case.

While Zora wasn't completely opposed to the idea of squatting down to pee somewhere outdoors if she had no other choice, the thought of peeing without any privacy really bothered her. Zora didn't want over 100 other college students to see her squatting down for a piss. The sand dunes didn't really offer much of any privacy even if she went behind them, they were just too short. The thought of wading into the ocean and peeing through her bikini bottom crossed Zora's mind. But Zora couldn't stomach the thought of purposely peeing in the ocean. It was disgusting to even think about, let alone to actually do it.

'I guess I can hold it until it's pitch dark. Then I can take a short walk somewhere away from the others, and pee in the privacy of the cover of darkness' Zora pondered in her head. Without doing any math, Zora thought holding it that long might be a bit of a stretch for her iron bladder. If she wanted to Zora could easily pee just twice a day, once in the morning after just getting up, and once before bed. But that was without drinking a lot of beer throughout the day, and Zora had intended on drinking a lot of beer today. 'I should probably be alright, just as long as I make a conscious effort not to drink too much beer throughout the day' Zora thought. Zora tried to do some math in her head to determine how much beer she could get away with drinking without getting too uncomfortable before nightfall.

Zora's thoughts were interrupted by Matt returning to her, carrying 2 bottles of beer in his hand, each were 12 ounces in size, the size of a can of soda. "Here, this bottle of beer is ice cold just the way you like it" said Matt as he handed Zora one. A thirsty Zora eagerly took the bottle from Matt and took a deep sip.

Zora and Matt soon hooked up with their friends Steve and Phil, and some other college students as they began to have fun partying on the beach for the next hour. Zora ended up playing a game of volleyball with Matt against Steve and Phil. At one point during their game the guys called for a couple minute break to fetch and drink another bottle of beer. If it weren't for the lack of a restroom at the beach Zora would have grabbed herself a second bottle of beer without a second thought, instead Zora made an effort to restrain herself. 'Wait an hour before you grab a second beer, two in an hour is one too many this early in the day' Zora kept telling herself in her head.

As the first hour wore on, Zora got to see a lot of other guys making use of the sand dunes to pee, and even some girls to. The lack of privacy the girls and guys had who went behind the sand dunes to pee only reinforced Zora's commitment to wait until it was pitch dark out to pee. That time was still many hours away however, it wasn't even 10 AM yet, though Zora still had no urge to go as of yet.

Towards the end of their first hour at the beach as the clock neared 10 AM, William began to shout to get people's attention.

"Alright everyone gather around and shut up for a moment, I've got an announcement to make" yelled William. Zora and her friends followed the crowd towards William. Soon there was a crowd of roughly 100 college students standing around William.

"Alright everyone, you all no doubt noticed on the flyers I passed out advertising this party that it promised beer contests, and betting you can place on it" William announced. The crowd nodded eagerly. "Well, the first of those contests is to begin soon at roughly 10 AM".

"What will the contest be" asked someone in the crowd.

"Glad someone asked" said William, "has everyone ever heard of Edward Fortyhands contests, also called Amy Winehands contests in some places". Some people in the crowd shouted yes, but others said no. Zora was among the no's.

"You've gotta be kidding me that you've never heard of it" Matt whispered in Zora's ears.

"What" whispered Zora defensively, "I'm good at drinking lots of beer, but I've never entered any drinking contests before. Unless you count drinking you under the table for fun a contest".

"Well for those who don't know it's simple" shouted William, continuing to talk over the whisperings from the crowd. William turned around and opened a large cooler behind him. He pulled out a large 40 ounce (1,183 ml) bottle of beer and held it up high for everyone to see. "The people in the contest get one of these 40 ounce bottles duct taped to each of their hands, that's 80 ounces of beer total. They can't use their hands for anything except for drinking from the beer bottles duct taped to them. Only by completely draining both bottles can they remove the duct tape and be free to use their hands for other things again".

"See" whispered Matt, "we've already done it before with Steve and Phil, just without the duct tape". Zora nodded back, they had indeed had several similar contests in their dorm rooms in the past. Despite her smaller size Zora had always finished her bottles first in those contests.

"What if you have to go to the bathroom from all that drinking" a girl in the crowd asked.

William grinned obnoxiously as he answered "then you better finish your beer fast so you can go. Or you can always go in your bikini or swim trunks in front of the crowd". Some people in the crowd laughed. "But if you want to win some cash prizes you better hold it till you finish. The first person to finish their bottles wins $100, and there's prizes for 2nd and 3rd place to. And you can all place bets on who you think will win, and who you think will wet themselves instead of finishing".

"If you want in the first contest then come see me" William concluded, "I'd like at least 8 people, but more is fine to. And remember it's still morning so it's non-alcoholic beer we'll be drinking".

As the crowd broke up when William finished talking Zora's friends wasted no time encouraging her to enter the Edwards Fortyhands contest. As a bunch of poor college students with little extra spending money, the dollar signs were already in the eyes of her friends. William's contest and betting sounded like a golden opportunity for Zora and her friends to make some money.

"Zora you've gotta enter that contest, you'll win for sure" her boyfriend Matt told her.

"That contest is a free $100 for the taking for you Zora, and a free can't lose bet for the three of us" said Steve. "I don't know about the rest of you, but I have just $20, so I'd love to double that amount".

Seeing the look of indecisiveness on her face, Phil chimed in "and since we wouldn't be able to win that free money without you we can even give you a cut of it to Zora. How about say 15 percent?". Matt and Steve both nodded in agreement with Phil.

"Alright, alright I'll do it boys" said Zora as she bowed to peer pressure from her friends, and the lure of some much needed cash.

In truth Zora hadn't hesitated just because she wasn't as confident in winning as her friends were. She was also concerned about how much beer she'd have to drink and how it would undoubtedly hit her bladder sooner or later long before night fell. Some quick math told Zora that downing two 40 ounce bottles of beer would fill her bladder more than 6 of the smaller 12 ounce (355 ML) bottles Zora had already drank one of. And this contest was all about downing a bunch of beer all at once, not over the course of several hours.

And yet Zora was also flat broke just like her friends, so she told herself she could cope with two large bottles of beer. Having just one smaller bottle of beer an hour was being too overly cautious anyway Zora told herself. What good was an iron bladder if Zora didn't put it to use? Besides, it was only one contest, it wasn't like she'd have to do it again, or that they'd let her enter again after she won the first time.

"Are you sure Zora, you seemed a bit indecisive" asked Matt, picking up on Zora's concern, but not realizing the reason for the concern.

"Yes I'm sure Matt, I'm sure guys" said Zora, more confidently then before. "I'm as broke and in need of the extra spending money as you all are. I'll go see William to sign up right now".

"And we'll all go and place bets on your certain victory" Steve added joyfully.

William showed how his reputation as a rich prick was well earned when Zora approached him and announced she wanted to be in his Edward Fortyhands contest. "You?" William laughed, "are you here to try to win it, or are you just here to get some free beer".

Zora wasn't surprised by William's skepticism. As a slim woman who was only 5 feet 5 inches tall, average height for a woman, Zora hardly looked like a person who could down a lot of beer faster than much bigger guys. Zora's three muscle man friends Matt, Steve, and Phil had all once underestimated her the same way when they had first met. Zora took great pleasure in proving to others that they had underestimated her prowess at drinking beer.

"Of course I'm here win your contest" Zora replied with fierce determination. "I've drank plenty of big tough looking guys under the table before, including those three".

William laughed at Zora's determination, clearly skeptical of her claims. "Well if you insist then sure, you can be contestant number 7, which is probably where you'll place to, 7th". Zora only smiled at William's arrogance, if others underestimated her like him then her friends could probably do better than just doubling their money on her win.

"Don't underestimate my girlfriend man" said Matt. "I'm so confident in her that I'm placing a bet on her finishing in 1st place". Matt waved a $20 bill in his hand to show he was serious.

"Well if you want to blow $20 on loyalty to your girl then be my guess" laughed William. "As for you Zora, go sit on the orange beach chair over there with the number 7 written on it, so that the others will know you're in the contest. Wait with the other contestants for the game to begin".

There ended up being a total of nine people in the Edwards Fortyhand contest by the time it started at 10 AM. Besides Zora, there were two other girls in the contest, one of them was Kelly, she was a short, slim, and sexy girl like Zora, though she was a few inches shorter than Zora. Zora was sure William had mocked her as well when she wanted to enter the contest. Zora was sure that the girl was much better at rapidly downing beers then she looked, she had an aura of confidence about her.

One of the other six guys, named Russell, was a strong jock who was over six and a half feet tall. Not surprisingly many were placing their bets on him to win first place. 'The bigger they are the harder they'll fall' Zora thought to herself as she smiled at him.

When the contest was about to begin everyone formed a large circle around William, Zora, and the rest of the contestants. They watched as William duct taped two large 40 ounce bottles of beer to the hands of Zora and the other contestants. Zora smiled as William duct taped the beers to her hand, the bottles were both quite cold, just the way Zora liked her beer.

"Alright everyone, when I say go you can all start drinking and the contest will be on" said William. "Is everyone here ready to drink"! There was a pause as Zora and the others all shouted yes excitedly. "Alright then, get ready, and GO, DRINK!".

Zora didn't even pay attention to what the others were doing when the contest started. She knew from past experience going up against Matt, Steve, and Phil in similar contests that the way for her to win was to pace herself. Trying to down a third of the bottle in one gulp never worked out well for the guys. While the beer wasn't alcoholic like it had been when Zora had done this before, Zora didn't adjust her strategy.

Zora only took herself out of the zone to see how the others were doing briefly when she finished completely draining the first 40 ounce bottle. None of the others had finished their first beer bottle yet. Many of Zora's competitors weren't even halfway done their first bottle. Two people were fairly close on Zora's heels however, Russell the six and a half foot giant, and Kelly the slim girl who was several inches shorter then Zora. Others in the crowd were obviously dumbfounded by how the two slim and good looking girls were giving the giant athlete Russell a run for his money. There was a lot of taunting from the crowd aimed at Russell and the other guys.

"You're doing great Zora, keep going!" Zora heard Matt and her friends shouting.

Zora went back into the zone, and kept on drinking from her second bottle at a steady pace, blind to what her competitors were doing.

When Zora drained the last of her second 40 ounce bottle of beer she knew without even looking at the other contestants that she had won. She heard her friends Matt, Steve, and Phil giving the loudest cheers of the group. Zora looked to her side and saw a surprised William walking over to her. William grabbed Zora's hands and raised the beer bottles to his eye level to verify they were both indeed empty, and then raised Zora's right hand into the air.

"The unexpected 1st place winner everyone, contestant #7, Zora" announced William to the cheering crowd. William soon removed the duct tape and beer bottles from Zora's hands, and then shook her hand. "Congratulations Zora, I never thought someone of your size could down that much beer in just 21 minutes. Feel free to run off for a pee now, I'm sure you need it after all that beer".

William's mention of a pee was an unwelcome reminder of Zora's predicament, and how she had just made things harder on herself by downing so much beer so early in the day. Zora already felt the first twinges of an urge to pee hitting her bladder. Most of the beer hadn't had time to get to Zora's iron bladder just yet however, so Zora simply told William "thanks, but I'm good, I don't need a leak just yet".

"Well feel free to run off to take a leak whenever all that beer hits your bladder" amended William, before he returned his attention to Russell and Kelly. Zora glanced at them as well, and saw Kelly had passed Russell, though Kelly also seemed to be feeling the effects of the beer, with how she was fidgeting her legs around.

When Kelly finished 4 minutes after Zora, she didn't waste any time getting William to take the beer bottles off. "Hurry it up William, I've gotta pee really bad, I should have gone before the contest started". When William removed the duct tape and bottles from her hands, Kelly immediately gripped her crotch with both hands and ran off towards the sand dunes. Zora noted that a lot of people kept taking glances in the direction of Kelly and the sand dunes while Kelly was gone, which only reaffirmed to Zora that there would be no privacy to her if she peed on the sand dunes.

The next 35 minutes everyone else in the contest who finished also ran off to the sand dunes for a much needed piss. However 2 of the contestants, one guy and one girl, both couldn't hold it before finishing their beer. The guy just stood there blushing as he soaked his swim trunks with urine and had it run down his legs. The girl, though unable to use her hands to try to keep her legs dry, tried squatting down on the ground when it started to run down her legs. It helped stop her legs from getting much wetter at least, but that was about all it accomplished.

Just watching the two college students lose control of their bladder was enough to send thoughts of Zora's own bladder back to the top of her mind. Zora felt shivers run down her spine and into her filling bladder as she wondered if she'd be able to hold on till nightfall.

By 11 AM when the contest was over Zora felt the beer continuing to rapidly pump itself into her bladder. But Zora tried to ignore her bladder by focusing on the money she and her friends had just won.

"So exactly how much did you boys bet on me" asked Zora as Matt, Steve, and Phil returned with their winnings in hand.

"Together we bet $80" answered Matt, "But so many people bet against you and on the other 8 contestants that William gave you 3 to 1 odds".

As the math whiz in the group Zora knew how slim the odds were considered for a 3 to 1 chance event to occur, and what the payout was for 3 to 1 odds. Zora's jaw dropped in shock as she realized how much money that had netted the guys.

"You guys raked in $240 dollars in profit!" Zora practically screamed in delight.

"How well did you expect us to do" asked Steve.

"I was expecting you three to collectively make around $100 in profits total, even if you bet all the cash you were carrying" answered Zora. "If I had known you three would make that much I wouldn't have even hesitated to enter the contest".

"So, what's 15% of $240 dollars Zora" asked Matt. "Since we all agreed beforehand that would be your cut for entering the contest and winning us the money".

Zora did the quick mental math "that's $36 dollars, let's hope we have enough smaller bills"

Zora and the three guys sat down on their beach blanket and counted the money together. The gambling money totaled $320. Matt, Steve, and Phil each pocketed the $80 they originally bet, and handed Zora $36 dollars, then split up the remaining $204 among themselves. Zora found herself catching the guy's contagious greed for easy money as they counted it out. It had been so easy winning the contest, and Zora couldn't remember ever seeing so much cash in real life before.

"It's a shame that they surely won't let me play in the remaining drinking contests now" said Zora as she pocketed her money. "It surely wouldn't pay out as much as this one did now, but hey free money is free money".

"You never know if you don't ask" piped up Phil as he started to get up, "I'll go ask William if you'll be allowed to enter the next one, and when it'll be".

"If you can enter it again, imagine how much more money we could win by betting more than $80" said Matt, as thoughts of what to do with their unexpected spending money filled their minds.

Zora's thoughts of how to spend her money were interrupted by Phil returning with a big grin on his face. "Hey guys, William said why not, people love seeing if winners can win again against fiercer competition. Also he said the next contest will be at 2 PM, which is in another 3 hours".

While Zora acted happy with her friends at the news, in the back of Zora's mind there was only one thing she was thinking.

'CRAP CRAP CRAP!' Zora screamed in her head as thoughts of her rapidly filling bladder refused to be ignored any longer. 'What have I just gotten myself into? I can't back out now after just telling the guys I'd do another contest'. Zora glanced at the $136 dollars in her wallet. 'Plus the money is too good for all of us for me to back out, I wish we weren't so poor'. Zora wondered how she'd ever hold on till nightfall if she had another 80 ounces of beer so early in the afternoon.

Oblivious to Zora's anxiety, Matt wrapped his arms around Zora from behind and pulled her closer for a kiss. "Who says we have to do just one more contest guys? I think my girl can go on a long winning streak in these contests".

Matt didn't even give Zora a chance to reply as he bent down and kissed her on the lips. But she could see how Steve and Phil's eyes lit up at Matt's idea, and knew immediately that Matt's big mouth had just made her desperate plight even worse. Out loud Zora simply told them "we'll see when we get there boys".

===

The Beach Party, Part #2

The next few hours passed uneventfully, at least to the guy's perspective, since unlike Zora their inhibitions and anatomy didn't stop them from all using the sand dunes whenever they wanted to. Zora and the guys played a few games of beach volleyball with themselves and others. They also enjoyed digging in the sand and playing in the ocean. The ocean water was colder then Zora had expected, which briefly made her urge to piss worse. But Zora prided herself on her iron bladder, so despite all the beer she had downed earlier it was nothing she couldn't handle, for now. Zora was briefly tempted to pee in the ocean, but she knew she couldn't do it, the thought disgusted her too much.

Yet while Zora could still easily control her bladder, more beer continued to pump itself into her bladder the next two hours. Zora tried to ignore her slowly growing need as best she could and just have fun with her friends, but her bladder 's needs kept nagging at her at the back of her mind.

Since Zora knew she'd be entering another beer drinking contest at 2 PM she barely ate anything when food was offered at noon. Zora knew she couldn't stuff herself on food or beer if she expected to win another Edwards Fortyhands drinking contest. To quench her thirst in between the contests Zora allowed herself only a single 12 ounce bottle of beer. Zora knew in the back of her mind she'd be regretting having the beer bottle later after she downed another 80 ounces of beer and had to pee a lot worse. But Zora was too thirsty to care at the moment.

By 1 PM Zora couldn't help but occasionally fidget her legs around from her growing need. She tried to be subtle about it, and not do it if she thought anyone was looking in her direction. And yet despite her caution her boyfriend Matt saw her fidgeting her legs multiple times. At first Zora tried to play it off as adjusting her legs to a more comfortable position, and Matt didn't comment on it.

But then Zora made the mistake of glancing in the direction of the sand dunes. She saw a college guy she didn't know standing at the sand dunes. Unlike most of the people who visited the sand dunes this guy didn't have his back facing the others, he had his side facing them. That met that despite the distance Zora easily saw his cock whipped out of his swim trunks, pissing a large stream onto the sand. Zora felt a jolt of added urgency hit her jealous bladder at the sight of the guy doing the thing her bladder wanted to do but could not do.

Without thinking Zora moved a hand to grip her crotch, while also crossing her legs. She blushed when she realized Matt was watching her. Zora moved her hand away from her crotch and looked into her boyfriend's eyes, and she saw Matt knew without a doubt now about her need. "Come on Zora, let's go for a walk" he said as he got up out of the beach chair.

Wordlessly Zora got up and followed her boyfriend. The beach and much of the surrounding area was so flat that you could see in any direction for miles, so they couldn't truly be alone, but they could get well out of ear shot of the others.

When they were far enough away from the others for them to hear nothing, Zora confessed to Matt what he already knew. "All that beer from the contest has started to hit my bladder Matt. I haven't peed since shortly before we left at 6 AM, which was 7 hours ago".

"I thought so, I noticed you still hadn't gone to relieve yourself yet" said Matt as he rubbed Zora's shoulders to try to calm her down. "Until now I thought that was just you being my iron bladder girlfriend who only pees two times a day, even with all that beer".

"That's two times a day on a normal day without drinking any beer Matt. Even an iron bladder girlfriend fills up faster when she downs a lot of beer". Zora sighed and closed her eyes for a moment as she enjoyed Matt massaging her shoulders. "What am I going to do Matt?"

"Well, even though you've been avoiding it because you don't like it, you can always use the sand dunes like everyone else".

"I can't Matt, us ladies don't have it as easy as you guys do in situations like this" moaned Zora.

"Sure you can" said Matt in a reassuring tone as he continued to massage Zora's shoulders. "Just do what the other girls have been doing. Squat down and pull your bikini bottom off or aside".

"Matt I'm not peeing in front of 100 other college students, especially not on some sand dunes, and no other self respecting lady would either. The fact that you even know how the other women have been peeing on the sand dunes shows how there's no privacy over there". Zora sighed again as she felt her unrelieved bladder continuing to nag at her. "I expected us to have a public restroom so that I could pee in the privacy of a ladies room stall. You guys are so luckily being able to just whip your cocks out anywhere to pee".

"Well we're not going to be back at the college until tomorrow evening, so what do you intend on doing about your bladder's predicament" asked Matt.

Zora turned around to face Matt, and looked him in the eyes. "Unless you have a better idea I'll hold it till it's nightfall and relatively pitch dark, that should be shortly after 8 PM. Then I'll take a short walk and pee somewhere in the privacy of the cover of darkness. But that's still so many hours away Matt".

"What about the next Edwards Fortyhands drinking contest in an hour" asked Matt, this time with a bit of anxiousness in his voice. "You know how much of a financial boon the last one was to us all, we can't make that money without you...". Zora saw the concern and disappointment in her boyfriend's eyes. Zora knew the guys wanted to milk these contests for as much money as possible, and the greedy part of her agreed with their sentiment despite her plight.

"Don't worry Matt. I'll enter it, and I'll win again. I can't say my bladder will be too thrilled about it afterwards however". Zora thought Matt's eyes lit up a bit too eagerly at her response.

"That's my girl, I knew you'd be tough enough to take one for the team, especially when there's beer involved". Matt reached his massive arms out to pull Zora close to him in a hug. "Don't worry about the drinking Zora, you're Miss Iron Bladder, you'll be fine".

Zora pulled herself closer to Matt to hug him back, and felt herself rub right against his erect cock through his swim trunks. It was Matt's turn to blush now, as it all clicked in Zora's mind why he was turned on. Zora smiled at him and kissed. "At least one of us can take joy out of my situation" she whispered to him. Soon they turned to head back to the main part of the beach where the others were.

The clock soon reached 1:50 PM. When William announced the next Edwards Fortyhands drinking contest would start in 10 minutes it triggered a rush to the sand dunes to pee before the contest started. Zora wasn't among those who rushed to the sand dunes, she waited, still unrelieved, for the contest to begin. This didn't escape the attention of a few people who had noticed that Zora still hadn't visited the sand dunes to pee since the last contest, including William.

"You know you're free to pee before the next contest starts Zora" William reminded her. "It's peeing yourself during the contest that gets you disqualified". William spoke loudly enough for at least a dozen other people nearby to overhear.

Zora blushed a bit at being found out so quickly by William. It was his fault that she wasn't able to pee out here, since he had picked a place with no public restrooms nearby for her to use. But Zora knew complaining now would do her no good. At the same time though, Zora was quick on her feet. She realized confessing the truth could help convince some people to bet against her winning the contest. Who would bet on a girl they thought might piss herself and get disqualified before she finished downing her beers? And the less that bet on her the greater the return on investment her friend's bets would get.

"Eh I'll be fine William, this lady doesn't like the idea of peeing in sand dunes" she replied.

"Have you even peed since the last contest" asked William. Zora noticed his eyes were focused right on the start of her bladder bulge, which was clearly visible to everyone who looked closely enough since she was only wearing a skimpy bikini.

"Nope, I'm still holding it since the last contest" she confessed loudly enough for the eavesdroppers to overhear. "I haven't peed since shortly before boarding the bus about 8 hours ago".

"Well I'm sure you must really need a leak by now then" said William. "That makes it even more foolish for you to not take the chance to go before the contest".

"No, given the lack of any proper facilities out here, I'd much rather hold it then pee out here, even after the contest is over. You'd understand my hesitation if you were a girl William".

William gave up the conversation at that point, but Zora happily noted some whispered conversations among the dozen strangers who had overheard their conversation. While she couldn't overhear what they were all saying, she hoped that they were less hesitant to bet on someone else now. She saw Matt, who had overheard her conversation with William, smile at her from the distance and give her a thumbs up.

The next 10 minutes flew by, and William quickly recruited 9 other competitors for Zora in the second contest. Besides Zora there were 3 other women, one of which was Kelly, the girl who came in second place against Zora last time. A lot of the guys in the contest were athletes on the college sports teams, though none looked quite as intimidating on paper as Russell had.

Despite how tough many of the guys looked, Zora considered Kelly to be her most dangerous competitor in the contest. Though the two women had never met each other prior to William's beach party, it already felt to Zora like they had quickly become each other's fiercest rival. Just one look at Kelly told Zora that she was much better prepared this time, she also looked a lot more confident and determined this time around. Like Zora, Kelly also didn't visit the sand dunes before entering the contest. But Zora didn't think much of it, figuring Kelly had probably gone earlier when she wasn't looking, after all she had rushed off to the sand dunes after the first contest.

Soon William duct taped the 80 ounces of beer to Zora's hands, and the hands of her 9 competitors. The second Zora heard William tell everyone to start drinking she went into the zone again and just focused on downing her beer, rather than on the other competitors or the crowd watching her. Zora was aware of her bladder continuing to complain more fiercely then before as she drained her two 40 ounce beer bottles. Being unable to grip her crotch due to the beer bottles duct taped to it Zora found herself crossing her legs more the more she drained her beer bottles.

Zora only let herself come out of the zone and pay attention to what was going on around her after she had drained the last of her second 40 ounce beer bottle. She knew immediately from the joyous reactions of Matt, Steve, and Phil that she had won. Unlike last time though, Zora also saw some looks of relief on the boy's faces, which told her it had been a closer match up. Zora glanced at her other competitors, and saw that Kelly was likely just 30 seconds behind her, too close for comfort for Zora even though she had still narrowly won. William soon confirmed her victory, and Kelly's second place finish as he removed the empty beer bottles from both women's hands.

"Congratulations Zora, it became a very close matchup between you and Kelly at the end there. It took you 23 minutes this time around but you still won first place by about 30 seconds over your next competitor, Kelly. You started to give a few of your bettors a heart attack when you started to squirm your legs around in desperation, as if you might be in danger of losing it".

Zora blushed upon realizing that of course the others had seen her squirm, she had been too busy downing her beer to care at the time. But now with her body rapidly pumping the beer she had just drank into her bladder right now Zora found herself tempted to cross her legs again, or grip her crotch in front of everyone. But she resisted the urge, now that the contest was over she didn't want to look that weak.

"I told you I'd be fine William. I'm not a girl to rush off to the ladies room a half dozen times during the night when I go out drinking". After a moment of hesitation Zora added in a confident tone "a little extra beer is no problem for a girl like me". Zora wished she believed her boast with as much confidence as she had said it. 80 ounces of beer was hardly 'a little' beer for anyone, especially a girl Zora's size who had already downed a bunch of beer hours ago.

"And what about you Kelly" William asked. "It was a very close match up, but you came much closer than last time. You were even ahead of Zora at one point when she started to squirm around in desperation".

Even without words the look on Kelly's face already said it all. Kelly was clearly full of a lot of frustration and some rage as her eyes shot daggers in Zora's direction. "Of course I did better than last time, I wasn't all that ready the first contest" she answered. "But to come so close and still lose narrowly, that's so frustrating! I've always been the beer queen among my friends. I've never lost at something like this before, and now I've lost twice!".

"Well I think you're both beer queens in the eyes of everyone here" said William to the cheers of the crowd. "Better luck next time then, but second place is still another $50 for you".

As Zora watched the remaining competitors finish the contest she saw every single one of them rush off to the sand dunes to pee. Each one of them sent an unwelcome reminder to Zora of her bladder's own needs, but Zora knew she had no choice but to ignore her bladder's rapidly increasing urge and keep holding it.

There was one competitor who didn't use the sand dunes however, her rival Kelly. She didn't seem to be showing any signs of needing a leak yet despite just downing 80 ounces of beer. While Zora was still concerned about her own filling bladder, she couldn't help but wonder if Kelly was like her in ways besides a talent for downing a lot more beer then most would expect for her size. Zora made a mental note to herself to keep an eye on Kelly.

Zora couldn't help but get the feeling that Kelly was also keeping a close eye on her while they watched the rest of the contest with the others. Zora was increasingly tempted to grip her crotch in desperation as the hour wore on, and the gusher in her bladder grew more urgent. But her gut told her not to show weakness in front of Kelly and the others, so she kept her arms away from her crotch.

By the time the contest ended Zora found herself constantly adjusting her legs every few minutes to deal with her bladder's urgent nagging. When the bets and prizes were paid out Zora hoped it would be a welcome distraction from her bladder's needs, as she and her friends sat down on a beach blanket together to count the money again.

"Ok let me try to guess the amount first" said Zora before they started to count it out and divide it up. "It's under 50% of what we made last time isn't it?".

"Why would you think we'd do that poorly" asked Phil, clearly trying to stifle a grin.

"I'm just being realistic Phil, after the first contest where no one was even close to me who would want to bet against me? That's got to have put a big dent in our haul compared to last time".

"That thinking would have applied before you made a public show of not visiting the sand dunes like the rest of your competitors" grinned Matt. "That was pure genius Zora, now we know why you're the brains of the group. I overheard several people changing their bets after they realized you still hadn't peed all day despite drinking all that beer. Thanks to your quick thinking we still managed to get 1 to 1.3 odds on you, on the entire $284".

Zora's mind went through a rollercoaster of emotions at that news. On one hand Zora's mind immediately did the math and realized the win had netted the guys $218 in profit. That wasn't that far behind their winnings from the first contest, and it was much more then she expected them to win. The greedy part of Zora leapt in joy inside at this news.

On the other hand, Zora had told the guys not to bet every cent they had on the contest, in case she lost. And the contest had turned out to be quite close, much too close for comfort for Zora in hindsight. The fact that the guys hadn't listened to her caution left another part of her pissed off at them for putting more pressure on her. She didn't want to be blamed for losing their entire winnings in one contest.

Anger won out for Zora. "Matt! I told guys not to bet everything on one contest! What if I had lost and you guys lost all your money!".

"Well that's why we didn't tell you in advance" admitted Matt to the nods of Steve and Phil. "We knew you wouldn't like it being under that kind of pressure. So we all agreed it's better to ask for forgiveness then permission".

"Besides, we still won" Steve added cheerfully. "So we can be forgiven when we have this big haul of money can't we Zora".

Zora wanted to do more to talk the guys out of betting all their money on the next contests. Milking the contests for some much needed extra spending money was one thing, but repeatedly betting it all was pure recklessness in Zora's book. But she knew from the greedy looks in their eyes, and the cheerful looks on their faces that she'd be wasting her breath.

"Damn you boys! Just don't do that again" she said in a semi-stern tone even as she felt their optimism and the pile of cash smothering her anger.

Zora calmed herself down and joined the guys in counting out the money and taking her 15% share of $33. As she counted out the money Zora couldn't help but repeatedly fidget her legs around and grab her crotch in desperation a few times. A trip to the toilet would be quite welcome right now Zora thought. Her squirming around in obvious desperation didn't escape the notice of Steve and Phil, who Zora had never confessed her plight to. Matt, knowing full well about her plight, was taking in all her desperate squirming with his eyes.

"Wait a minute" said Steve with some concern. "You really weren't bluffing when you told William you hadn't peed in over 9 hours by now, and you're still holding it after the contest?".

Zora couldn't help but blush and grip her crotch as a jolt of desperation swam through her bladder. "What kind of a lady could pee here" asked Zora. "If I was desperate and I had no other choice I'd be open to squatting down and peeing somewhere outdoors, but not in broad daylight with no privacy from a hundred other people. And before you ask, no, the sand dunes aren't private at all".

"Then why agree to enter the drinking contests when you know it'll make you have to pee real bad" asked Phil.

"You know why, the lure of this green stuff in front of us" answered Zora as she waved a wad of money around in one hand, before adjusting her fidgeting legs again. This conversation was not helping her bladder. "I just hope I'll be able to keep holding it once all that beer finishes hitting my bladder. I need to pee pretty badly already".

Matt slid over to Zora and wrapped his arms around her in a bear hug. "Calm down Zora you're the Miss Iron Bladder in the group who can drink loads of beer with us while never peeing, you'll be fine" he whispered into her ear in encouragement. Zora squirmed around in desperation underneath his bear hug.

"Matt you need to be more careful about that, my bladder doesn't like sudden jolts to my body" she complained in a playful but serious voice. Matt loosened his grip some.

Things were quiet for a few minutes as the group counted out the rest of the money and divided it up. Then Matt broke the silence with a big grin on his face. "Guys I just got a great idea to increase our haul and betting odds in the next contests, but it'll take our heroine Zora to pull off".

Steve and Phil were all ears and big grins with dollar signs practically visible in their face. Zora liked the idea of more money, so she was willing to listen to Matt's idea. "Well, what part will I have to play, besides winning another drinking contest" she asked, while she felt some jolts of desperation hit her bladder at the thought of downing yet another 80 ounces of beer.

"It's simple, the next drinking contest is in another three hours at 6 PM, I asked William when we picked up our winnings" explained Matt. "Zora you need to keep holding it till 6 PM, and hold it during the contest while you win".

Zora sighed "you know that's what I have no choice but to try to do" she said, hoping she could wait that long once the rest of the beer hit her bladder. "As soon as it gets pitch dark around 8 PM however, I'm gonna have to pee somewhere. I already need to go pretty badly".

"But that's exactly what you have to not do" Matt replied energetically. "People will be so convinced you'll win next time that we probably won't get good betting odds on the 6 PM contest no matter what we do."

"How will me not peeing help that" asked Zora warily. "The 6 PM contest will be over long before nightfall arrives and gives me my first chance to pee all day since arriving at the beach". While Zora still didn't get Matt's idea, she was already not liking where it was going. Her bladder didn't like it either, as she had to fight off more jolts of desperation as she openly squirmed around and gripped her crotch in front of the guys.

"Because we won't be betting on just the drinking contest" Matt answered eagerly. "Sure, we'll put some money on you winning that. But remember, William also has betting on contestants pissing themselves before finishing their beer".

"But most people haven't been betting on that" Steve pointed out, "and no one even pissed themselves last time because most people ran off to piss in the sand dunes before the contest started". Zora nodded, agreeing with Steve's assessment.

"Right, and even William has to have noticed that" agreed Matt. "So we'll ask him to spice up that betting by changing the rules. Given how dead that betting is on that I think he'll be open to it. We'll say he should take bets on whether the contestants can wait several hours after downing their beer to pee. Say until right before the start of the next contest at 10 PM if he keeps doing them every 4 hours".

Phil's face lit up with dollar signs as he understood Matt's idea quicker than the others. "And for the competitors who had bets placed on them, they'll need some encouragement to keep holding on after the contest for the betting. So if they can hold it, he should reward them with say 15% or so of the money bet on them lasting or not lasting. I like your idea Matt", Steve voiced his agreement as well.

Zora felt her bladder complain at the mere thought of going along with the guy's idea. It was only 3 PM now, and the guy's idea had her holding it for at least another 7 hours, and probably at least several more hours after a 10 PM drinking contest. Yet Zora had been hoping to finally get to pee in just 5 more hours when it got dark enough to give her some privacy.

'CRAP! They all love this idea already without even consulting with me, even though I have to do all the work!' Zora screamed in her mind. Knowing how strong headed the guys could be when money was involved, Zora had her doubts she could talk the guys out of this idea. Despite her own doubts about being able to wait as long as necessary to win the guy's bets, Zora felt their shared greed to milk these contests for all the money possible already melting her opposition to their idea. After all, Zora was a poor college student who needed the money to, and thanks to William's prizes these contests were more lucrative to her than the guys. What was the point of earning the nickname Miss Iron Bladder if she couldn't put that iron bladder to use when the chance arose?

"Pardon, but I couldn't help but overhear your idea for changing the rules" said a familiar feminine voice before Zora could say a word. Zora spun herself around and saw it was Kelly who had jumped into their conversation. While Kelly had wiped the frustration and anger from earlier off her face, Zora was sure she hadn't let go of either. A proud girl with wounded pride often struck back viciously Zora found.

"I think your idea sounds wonderful, I'd love to make more money off entering these contests". She paused for a moment and looked directly at Zora, with a malicious glow in her eyes. "I think your iron bladdered friend Zora would like that idea to. If you need some help convincing William to change the rules just ask, I can be quite persuasive".

Zora moved her eyes farther down and saw it on Kelly, the unmistakable bulge of an unrelieved bladder. It hit her then, Kelly really was just like her in having an iron bladder she was proud of to. Zora realized Kelly had rushed off to pee after the first drinking contest because she hadn't had time for a morning piss before catching the bus. There was no telling how long Kelly had been holding it before rushing off to the sand dunes, and she hadn't peed since. Since Kelly knew of Zora's iron bladder this was her way of challenging Zora to see who had the bigger iron bladder.

But it was also undoubtedly Kelly's way of getting revenge on Zora for beating her in the first two contests. She knew full well Zora was getting desperate enough for a piss after all that beer to fidget around openly in desperation. She likely knew that Zora was extremely unlikely to bring herself to use the sand dunes. And because Zora had admitted it publically earlier Kelly knew her bladder had a 4 and a half hour advantage over Zora's. So this was also her way of trying to keep Zora from a much needed piss until Kelly had bested her iron bladder.

Though she knew she couldn't say it out loud, Zora swore at Kelly in her mind as her bladder continued to get pumped fuller with beer. She hadn't wanted a holding contest with her at all, especially in such an inconvenient place with no public bathrooms.

Matt, Steve, and Phil meanwhile all happily thanked Kelly for supporting their idea. Only then did they seem to realize that they hadn't heard Zora's opinion on the idea, or gotten her approval. "You're fine with this money making idea aren't you Zora" Matt asked in a tone that showed his full confidence in his sexy girlfriend with the iron bladder saying yes.

In a split second Zora glanced at the eager faces of the guys, still with dollar signs in their eyes. She shifted her eyes to Kelly's, and saw her exuding complete confidence. Her eyes were practically daring Zora say no like her rapidly filling bladder wanted her to. Zora knew she couldn't give in to her bladder's demands if it was what Kelly wanted. Zora also knew the guys would be really disappointed in her if she gave in to her bladder's demands this soon and refused to enter more drinking contests because of it.

"Sure, I'll be game for this boys" she answered, even as all the pee already sloshing around in her desperate bladder made her regret the words before speaking them. The look Kelly gave her said it all, she was eager for a showdown to best Zora's iron bladder and humiliate her in the way Zora's contest wins had humiliated her. Despite her pessimism about going up against Kelly in her state, Zora found herself wanting to best Kelly and her iron bladder just to wipe the arrogant look off of her face. Zora sighed as she realized it was going to be a long evening for her and her already desperately full iron bladder.

===

The Beach Party, Part #3

Kelly soon left, while Steve and Phil both headed for the sand dunes for yet another piss, leaving just Zora and Matt. "I thought for sure you'd try to say no to our idea after what you told me earlier Zora. This is the girlfriend with the iron bladder I fell in love with" he told her before kissing her.

"Part of me really wanted to say no" she admitted. "But we're all broke college students who need the money, and you boys were really excited by the idea, so how could I say no?"

"Plus you never need a pit stop when we go out drinking a lot of beer together, so why should that be any different now" added Matt with a grin. Clearly he was hoping his confidence would rub off on Zora like their excitement about their rule changes had.

"It's not just that either" admitted Zora as she decided to be honest with Matt. "Did you see how Kelly looked at me? Did you pay attention to her body language?"

Matt looked a bit confused. "What about it? She didn't seem that mad anymore about losing the contests to you if that's what you mean".

"Kelly jumped onboard your idea in order to challenge me Matt, it was clear in her eyes. This is her way of trying to challenge me to a holding contest" Zora explained. "She wants to humiliate me by beating me at this after I beat her at beer drinking twice". Zora went into detail about the bulge she noticed on Kelly's bladder area, and how she realized Kelly had been desperate for a piss for a while when she entered the first drinking contest.

Zora and Matt glanced at Kelly in the distance, calmly talking to some friends. "I think I may see subtle signs of it" admitted Matt. "She's feeling it in her bladder to Zora even if she's barely showing it, and most of the beer from her first contest didn't have time to hit her bladder yet when she last peed".

"True, but she still last peed four and a half hours later than I last did" replied Zora as she fidgeted her legs around. "God, I haven't peed in 9 hours now, but I've already drank more than I normally drink all day. I've gotta pee so badly already Matt, how am I ever going to hold it?".

Matt smiled at her. "Calm down, you'll be fine Zora. I know you'll beat Kelly, because you're my iron bladder girlfriend who can always wait and avoid visiting the ladies room whenever we go out drinking beer together". Zora thought she saw the hint of an erection underneath his swim trunks.

"I'll try my hardest Matt" she replied, "but I can't promise I won't drop my bikini bottoms and pee in the dark the second we don't have any money on the line for me not peeing however".

"That's the mindset of a loser Zora" scolded Matt. "Only losers who piss themselves think about when they might pee later while hoping they can hold it that long". Zora tried to interrupt, but Matt kept talking. "Be honest Zora, all the times in the past you were this desperate to piss after drinking a lot of beer what happened?"

"I waited till we finally headed back, and then rushed to plop myself on that toilet seat when we were home" Zora answered. "But sometimes you'd make me keep waiting yet another hour by taking me right to bed for some sex the moment we got back".

Zora sneaked another glance at Matt's swim trunks and was certain now from the large bulge, her boyfriend was getting a raging erection from her plight. Surprisingly Zora found herself getting a bit aroused by her boyfriend's erection and arousal. She wrapped her arms around Matt and pulled herself closer to him. She felt herself rub against his erect cock for the second time today.

This time around Matt didn't blush at being caught. Zora kissed him and whispered "It's weird, but your arousal is making me a bit aroused at my own desperate plight. You should have told me this turns you on sooner".

Convincing William to change the rules for the betting didn't prove difficult at all. The guys and Kelly did most of the work, while Zora just nodded along and agreed. That suited Zora just fine, since she found herself in less and less of a talkative mood due to her increasingly urgent need to piss. It was only 4 PM by now, but Zora already needed to piss much worse than she had an hour ago. Zora had to make a conscious effort to not grip her crotch or squirm around in desperation like she badly wanted to.

After William said he'd spread word of the change of rules most of the group broke up and went in opposite directions, which somehow left Zora alone with Kelly. Both women's eyes glanced at each other's naval area, and saw how their distended bladder bulge had grown the last hour as the rest of their 80 ounces of beer had poured into their bladder. Zora was surprised to see Kelly fidgeting her legs around some, so she allowed herself to fidget her legs around a bit in desperation to.

"You know what these new rules mean" Kelly asked her with a wicked smile, as if trying to look unaffected by her filling bladder.

"That there's money in these contests for anyone with a strong bladder like us now" guessed Zora, unsure what Kelly was getting at.

"No silly girl, it means if we're both going to ignore our iron bladder's, and keep holding it instead of peeing, then we might as well milk it for all the money it's worth" replied Kelly with an eager smile.

"What are you proposing we do Kelly, besides holding the gushers in our iron bladders back some more?". Without even hearing the answer Zora knew her bladder wouldn't like it.

"Isn't it obvious Zora" asked Kelly. "It means the two of us should take a walk around the beach until the next contest, while having a few 12 ounce beer bottles". Zora couldn't help but grip her crotch with one hand as her bladder shuddered at Kelly's suggestion. Kelly for her part squirmed by rubbing her legs together, as if determined not to grip her crotch in desperation like Zora had. "Think about it Zora, how else will we get more people to foolishly bet on us iron bladder ladies not being able to last? Unless of course your bladder is too full to have some more beer and keep waiting and waiting with me..." Kelly left her implication dangling, with her eyes daring Zora to agree with Kelly's assessment of her bladder.

Zora stood up straighter and willed herself to stop fidgeting in front of the shorter blonde woman. "Me and my bladder will be just fine with an extra bottle of beer or two" said Zora with a confidence she didn't truly feel due to being a pessimistic person by nature. "But wouldn't we be undermining ourselves in the beer drinking competition if we followed your idea and drank more beer" she asked Kelly.

"Zora we've been so far ahead of the others at the beer contests that as long as we both drink the same amount of beer we shouldn't have anything worry about" answered Kelly. "After all, we're both each other's only rivals at it".

Zora and her already desperate bladder after 10 hours of waiting hated Kelly for her 'suggestions' and how she kept on making Zora's desperate plight even worse. And yet the greedy part of Zora's mind that constantly worried about her financial situation couldn't help but agree with Kelly's logic for increasing her potential winnings. So against what she considered her better judgment Zora allowed herself to grab another 12 ounce bottle of beer, and slowly down it while walking around the beach with Kelly.

Zora and Kelly both ended up brazenly downing two 12 ounce bottles of beer the next two hours while waiting for the 6 PM drinking contest to arrive. While Zora hadn't liked Kelly at first, she began to grow on her as they hung out drinking beer with the others. Both ladies freely admitted to whoever asked that they hadn't peed since 6 AM and 10:30 AM. While both ladies didn't try to exaggerate how urgently their bladders wanted to piss a gusher, nor did they avoid crossing their legs and fidgeting around in desperation as much as they normally would have in private.

Still, Zora found herself wishing she hadn't done it at all by the time the 6 PM contest was about to begin. Zora had to piss worse than ever, but she knew full well that even if she were willing to piss in the sand dunes it was too late by now, William had already started taking bets on her iron bladder lasting till 10 PM. For a moment Zora found herself wondering what she was thinking downing so much beer today when there wasn't a single toilet around she could use. Zora prayed she could somehow make it to 10 PM dry. Zora was glad that she had worn a black bikini which might cover up a tiny leak, but obviously not more than that.

There was one silver lining to the drinking that got gotten Zora into this increasingly desperate state however. Zora could tell from a thumbs up Matt gave her that her and Kelly's ploy had worked, plenty of other people were betting on their bladders not lasting till 10 PM. Zora tried to take her mind off the gusher brewing in her iron bladder by imagining how much money she would win if she could hold on long enough.

There were 8 other competitors this time around besides Zora and Kelly, all of them guys who were bigger and taller than Zora and Kelly. But the two ladies didn't care about any of them, and most of their competitors seemed quite intimidated by the two much shorter and smaller women. William soon duct taped the 40 ounce beer bottles to everyone's hands and told them to start drinking. Zora tried to keep herself in the zone and just focus on downing her drinks, but was finding her increasingly desperate need for a piss to be a pretty big distraction. 'Oh god I wish I could pee already' Zora moaned in her head as she double crossed her legs while continuing to steadily down her beer at a consistent rate.

As Zora was finishing the last drops of her second 40 ounce bottle of beer she was aware of the crowd shouting excitedly. It was only after she finished the last drops of beer and waved her empty bottles that she realized Kelly was also frantically waving her two empty 40 ounce bottles of beer. For a heart stopping moment Zora thought she had lost to Kelly. Zora nearly pissed herself right there from the shock. But then Zora noticed Kelly didn't look happy and victorious, but rather ticked off and confused. As she listened to the crowd's shouts Zora realized the crowd was arguing over which of them had finished first.

Zora looked around for William, and spotted him hunched over looking intently at a smartphone screen. "Why won't William get his ass over here and tell us who won" grumbled Kelly impatiently as she fidgeted her legs around.

"I think he's watching a replay of our finish on that smartphone that everyone's looking at" answered Zora as she pointed with one of the empty beer bottles duct taped to her hand. "I just want him to take these off so I can use my hands again". Zora tried to grip her crotch even with the empty beer bottles duct taped to her hands, but all she succeeded in doing was getting Kelly to smirk at her pitiful attempt to grip her crotch.

"I know what you mean" agreed Kelly with an impatient look on her face. "Hey William get your ass over here and tell us who won already" she shouted over the crowd's fierce debate over who had won.

William finally put the smartphone down, and motioned for everyone to be quiet as he inspected both women's bottles to confirm they were empty. William stood in between Zora and Kelly and wrapped an arm around each lady's shoulder as he addressed the group. "Well ladies, you both traded the lead multiple times during the 20 some minute contest. But there's a lot of confusion about the end of this contest. No one can really agree which of you finished first. I've re-watched smartphone recordings of the finish three times now, and it looks to me like you both tied each other".

"So... what happens in a tie" asked Zora nervously, speaking for Kelly and the crowd.

"It means you and Kelly split the 1st and 2nd place prize, meaning you both get $75" answered William. "And it means all bets placed on either you winning this contest count as winning the bet. But since most of the money was bet one of you two winning, it means there's very little reward for winning those bets". Zora glanced in Matt, Steve, and Phil's direction, and saw a mix of disappointment and relief on their faces. "But hey, just to remind you both, there's still plenty of money on the line for both of you for your bets to avoid taking a piss until 10 PM".

"Well then don't stand around wasting more time William" piped up Kelly impatiently, "remove our empty beer bottles already. We'd like to be able to use our hands again!". It was Zora's turn to smirk a bit now, Kelly's impatience showed she was a lot more desperate then she tried to let on Zora realized. When William removed the beer bottles from their hands, both women couldn't help but grip their crotch in desperation. Though neither would admit it to the other, both women were already feeling the effects of the extra 80 ounces of beer hitting their bladder.

As William predicted, the drinking contest had not been very profitable for Zora and the guys. The guys had only netted themselves $20 from it after giving Zora $3 for her 15% cut. While money from the bet for Zora to hold it another couple of hours till 10 PM hadn't come in yet, Zora and the guys were still disappointed by their haul. Zora noted that even though Kelly had tied her in the drinking contest, Kelly didn't seem any happier either. No one was satisfied by the tie result and it's reduced payout.

It was just after 8 PM now, night had fallen on the beach, though moonlight and a few campfires some people started allowed everyone to see well enough. William had started serving alcoholic beer an hour ago after the drinking contest ended, so plenty of people were getting drunk now. Matt, Steve, and Phil had already drank two 12 ounce bottles of it.

Zora, who hadn't peed in over 14 hours by now, was bursting worse than ever after all the beer from her last contest had hit her bladder. Zora knew she must look pathetic right now, curled up like a ball in front of a campfire, her legs quivering around in desperation, with probably a pained look on her face. Zora couldn't remember letting her bladder get this bad off whenever she went out for a night of drinking with the guys before. Kelly, sitting across from Zora, also seemed quite distracted by her own bladder, but still not as bad off as Zora felt.

Seeing her looking pitiful in her desperate state, and knowing she likely needed the distraction, Matt tapped Zora on the shoulder and asked for her to go for a walk down the beach with him. Zora stood up carefully to avoid any sudden jolts to her desperate iron bladder, and followed Matt with both hands gripping her crotch. Matt smiled as he noted how Zora's distended bladder bulged out several inches because of her desperation. He felt his cock already starting to get erect underneath his swim trunks.

"Why did I ever let you talk me into this holding contest bet idea" Zora whined to Matt as soon as they were safely out of earshot of the others. "I really wanted to take a pee break when it got dark enough to give me some privacy. But now thanks to you I still have to hold it in at least another 2 hours until 10 PM!".

"Be realistic Zora" replied Matt in a calm and soothing voice as he rubbed Zora's shoulders. "You say you would have peed now, but you know full well that's not true".

"Of course I would have!" retorted Zora, "You're not the one who's drank a ton of beer in several drinking contests and hasn't had a leak in over 14 hours Matt! Piss would gush out of my pussy like a fire hose if I stopped trying to hold it!". Matt smiled as he felt his erection becoming a raging hard-on at his girlfriend's plight.

"I know you're as desperate as you say Zora, but you still wouldn't have pissed now without us having money on the line" smiled Matt as Zora glanced down at the large bulge in his swim trunks. "We both know you're much too ladylike to ever pee out here. Peeing outdoors is too disgusting for a lady like you. Plus even in the dark there's still next to no privacy out here, especially with 100 other people still wide awake and roaming around".

Trying to put on a brave face, Zora countered "maybe that wouldn't bother me anymore when my bladder is this full and it's dark out. Darkness can be just as good as a privacy barrier". Zora couldn't help but glance down and notice the bulge of Matt's raging erection underneath his swim trunks as she said this.

"I don't think so Zora" grinned Matt. "The moonlight and all the campfires means there's still plenty enough light for us to see, even in the distance".

"Oh fuck!" Zora moaned as she finally realized Matt was probably right. Immediately Zora's mind started to race, as she tried to figure out if there was another acceptable option for her to take a piss when the contest ended. There was only one other semi-acceptable option Zora could come up with, wait until almost everyone else at the beach went to sleep and then sneak off to piss somewhere. But who knew when a bunch of college students who always stayed up real late would all finally go to sleep? Could Zora even hold it that long?

Zora felt her iron bladder beginning to rebel and send stronger waves of desperation upon realizing how very far away relief might actually be for her. Zora gripped her crotch with both hands again and did a potty dance in front of Matt to try to calm her desperate bladder down. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she repeated. "What am I going to do Matt? I don't think I can hold it long enough".

"There's two big things you can do Zora" answered Matt calmly as he moved in closer to hug her. Zora felt his raging hard-on rubbing up against her. Despite her plight, she couldn't help but smile as it instantly aroused her. "First stop being a pessimist Zora. You're the girl with the iron bladder who never has to get up to take a piss whenever we go out drinking beer. So start thinking and acting like the confident beer queen you are. Beer queens don't struggle and complain about their iron bladder when they know they can still hold it, and you Zora KNOW you can still hold it as long as you need to".

"I'll... I'll try my best" answered Zora as she began to blush from her own arousal, all while still being a bit puzzled that her situation was making her so lustful.

"That's not good enough Zora" replied Matt in a stern drill sergeant voice. "I don't want an 'I'll try my best', that's what a loser who can't hold it anymore would say and think. I want an 'I can hold it and wait no problem Matt' from you Zora". Zora fidgeted her legs around desperately, but found herself getting more aroused at Matt playing the stern drill sergeant.

"Ok Matt" she said as she mustered up her confidence. "I've really REALLY gotta take a whiz, but that doesn't mean I can't keep holding it in and waiting for a while longer". Zora felt her bladder loudly voicing it's disagreement to her, but she tried to avoid squirming around for just a moment.

"Oh really?" asked Matt as he reached a hand towards Zora's growing bladder bulge. "Maybe I'm having a hard time believing you after your complaining just a minute ago" he said as his hands gently rubbed Zora's distended bulge. To Zora's surprise the pressure in her bladder seemed to lessen just a bit from Matt's careful touch, rather than get worse like she had expected.

Continuing to play along, Zora used her sexy voice as she replied "I can always handle another beer regardless of what my bladder tells me Matt". Unable to resist anymore, Zora reached a hand out for the bulge of Matt's erect cock which was still rubbing against her body through his swim trunks. "You'd like that if I had yet another beer without peeing first, wouldn't you Matt" she whispered as arousal flowed through her body, and her bladder was momentarily forgotten.

"I sure would baby" Matt replied with a big playful grin. "But can my girl keep holding it and waiting for the contests if she has some more beer?". Zora smiled as she realized from Matt's question that her bladder's needs didn't feel as urgent as they were a few minutes ago. Zora still needed to piss quite badly, but she felt in much more control than she had a few minutes ago. Matt's distractions were helping her a lot.

"A lady can always wait just a little longer if she needs to Matt" she replied with her new optimism. "Especially if there's not a clean ladies room available nearby". She paused just long enough to see Matt smile at her satisfied. "It's funny Matt, I really didn't think what you were suggesting would help, but I do feel way better now".

"Well then wait until you hear my second piece of advice" he replied with a grin. "I believe you said a moment ago that you can always handle another beer, well that's was going to be my second piece of advice. You're too tense Zora, and beer always put you in a better mood".

Zora felt her body shudder involuntarily at Matt's suggestion, her bursting bladder begged her to say no. A moment ago Zora would have twisted around like a pretzel squirming in desperation, but for now she was able to resist it thanks to her newfound strength. The logic driven half of Zora's brain reminded her that she and Matt both had money on the line for her continuing to hold it for the next 2 hours, and urged her to say no. But the more impulse driven and heavily aroused part of Zora remained open to the idea.

"Why should I?" she asked in a playful voice, knowing full well she was playing with fire if she had another beer.

"Because you're a big girl who just said she can wait and handle more beer even if she already really has to take a whiz" answered Matt playfully. "Plus, if you drink a beer, so will Kelly. If she wants to go for your bladder queen crown then why should you make it easy on her?".

Zora glanced around Matt's shoulder and saw Kelly fidgeting around desperately in the distance. She couldn't help not just feeling optimism at the sight, but more aroused by the thought of Kelly's desperation. The prideful and pleasure seeking part of Zora wanted to take the arrogant woman down another peg by showing her who the true bladder queen on the beach was. The logical part of her mind, succumbing to the demands of her illogical impulses, began to wonder if she could somehow earn some more money out of besting Kelly's bladder than she already was in the contests.

Looking back at Matt she whispered "yes, I can certainly 'convince' Kelly to drink a beer with me Matt. Just do me a favor, and try to figure out a way we can win more money if Kelly insists on trying to beat me in a silly holding contest".

"I'll keep my ears open for an opportunity" promised Matt as he kissed her on the lips.

===

The Beach Party, Part #4

Back at the campfire, Kelly couldn't help but smirk as she kept replaying in her mind how Zora had hobbled away from the campfire with Matt. Her rival had looked so pathetic and close to bursting with both hands jammed into her crotch, even her boyfriend had clearly noticed. 'It shouldn't be long now' Kelly thought to herself, eager to see her rival lose to her superior bladder.

Kelly was surprised then when Zora returned to the campfire with a calm and confident walk, rather than the pathetic hobbling she had left it doing. At first glance Kelly thought from Zora's body language that Zora had already given up and pissed in the sand dunes. But then she noticed the still large bladder bulge Zora was sporting, which clearly hadn't shrunk from even a partial pee. "How about having a drink with me" Zora asked Kelly with a smile.

Kelly bristled in annoyance for a fraction of a second before stopping herself, and putting a feigned grin on her face. "If you want to make a mistake and have one too many beers than you can handle then sure, I'll have one with you" she replied.

"In your dreams, a beer queen's bladder can handle her beer" Zora replied as the women each got up and helped themselves to a 12 ounce can of alcoholic beer. As if taunting her, Zora added in a whisper that only she and Kelly could hear. "A beer queen doesn't ever have to piss in the sand dunes in broad daylight either Kelly, she should be above such an unladylike thing".

Kelly pretended not to hear Zora's taunt, but the wheels were already beginning to spin in her mind because of it. 'I can read between the lines Zora. You don't like peeing outdoors during the day. You'll soon regret revealing that to me' Kelly thought to herself.

By 9 PM Zora and Kelly found themselves seated around one of the large campfires with 10 other people. Both women had finished their 12 ounce bottle of alcoholic beer a half an hour ago. Zora was already feeling its effects on her bursting bladder, which was feeling even more desperate then before after 15 hours without a piss. But following Matt's advice, she tried to look unaffected by it. Zora tried to tell herself she was unaffected by the extra beer. She tried to tell herself she was merely imagining that her bladder's urgent need to piss had gotten more urgent since her last beer.

Kelly, who was sitting next to Zora, was also trying to look unaffected by the beer as well, but with a bit less success as she kept shaking one of her crossed legs around. By contrast, Zora's crossed legs remained relatively still. Zora and Kelly's eyes briefly met as they glanced at each other. Kelly found herself getting a bit unnerved when she saw so much confidence in her rival's eyes, rather than the constant worry and doubt she had seen earlier. Worse yet, Zora smiled at her and whispered low enough for only Kelly to hear "I hope you're not too bothered by all that beer we've had today Kelly".

"Of course not!" Kelly pouted back in a whisper as she tried to control her temper. In truth Kelly's own bladder was bothering her quite a lot after 10 and a half hours without relief. Normally Kelly would have enjoyed being this full, and how the fullness often pressed down on her G-spot and helped make her horny. But today it only angered her that her bladder was this desperately full already while her unexpected rival was still holding it in, and seemed unconcerned about holding it even longer. Where had this newfound strength and confidence in her rival come from if she truly hadn't peed in 15 hours?

Kelly had long considered herself the beer queen and the bladder queen, and yet this long dark haired beauty she never met before had already put her beer drinking prowess to shame twice. Kelly couldn't allow Zora to do the same to her iron bladder. The memory of those losses still boiled her blood, and her tie in the last contest had done little to cool her simmering anger.

Kelly had blamed her loss in the first contest on her own cockiness, since she had freely downed several beers before the contest while Zora hadn't. But her second loss couldn't be excused away on lack of preparations, the second loss had enraged her even more. It had seemed like such a perfect plan to show off her prowess at beer drinking. Drinking a bunch of big tough college guys under the table would have grabbed her all the attention, but Zora had stolen the show from her and ruined it.

In Kelly's mind only the sight of Zora pissing herself in front of everyone when her bladder finally gave out could make up for the wound to her pride losing the beer drinking contests had caused.

The problem with Kelly's revenge fantasy was obvious however. Kelly was certain Zora would never pee outdoors during the day or early evening. Hence Zora would no doubt be very tempted to take a much needed before bed piss somewhere under the cover of total darkness, regardless of their unofficial holding contest they were having.

It would be Zora's one and only chance to piss at the beach. If Zora didn't take it she'd have to continue to try to hold it all day tomorrow until they were back at the college. So how could Kelly prevent Zora from taking a much needed piss before bed and during the night? Kelly sat in silence next to Zora, brooding over how she could make her revenge fantasy a reality.

After a while Kelly decided she needed to get away from Zora and her calm demeanor. Kelly stood up, careful not to squirm around obviously in desperation. Once standing she left Zora and the others behind, and walked towards the opposite end of the beach.

After a few minutes she was pleased to hear the familiar voice of William. "You look like you're letting your drinking and iron bladder rival get your mood down too much" he said. "You're usually in a much better mood this late into the day Kelly". Kelly continued to glare at William in the dark with a ticked off expression on her face. "Doesn't the thought of full bladder sex on the beach with your boyfriend excite you anymore Kelly" William asked in a mock wounded lover voice.

"Sorry Will, nothing can distract me from my scorn for that woman for humiliating me by beating me twice at the beer contests" Kelly replied angrily. "I won't let her best me at having an iron bladder to, even if it means holding it all night and well into the next day".

Sensing what was occupying her mind William asked "but will your rival Zora hold it all night with you just to settle this question? Or will she give up and finally pee on the sand dunes tonight before falling asleep?".

"That's my concern to William" Kelly replied. "I don't just want to beat her, I want to humiliate her. I want to see her piss herself in front of everyone. I don't want her to sneak off by herself for a piss tonight after most of the others are asleep for the night".

William was silent for several minutes, pondering over what Kelly had told him. Knowing no one but William could see her clearly in the dark, Kelly fidgeted around openly in desperation and gripped her crotch freely, in part from her bladder, and in part for William's pleasure. After several minutes William got a big grin on his face and kissed Kelly on the lips.

"What?" she asked, "what's the big grin for?".

"Leave your problem to me Kelly" William said. " I'll make sure that Zora's desperate bladder won't be getting any relief tonight, so that you can fulfill your revenge fantasy tomorrow".

Kelly wanted to ask William how he would accomplish this, but she knew from past experience he would never tell her until after he did it. She just had to hope that he would come through.

Another hour passed and 10 PM finally arrived, and with it the 4th drinking contest. It also met that Zora and Kelly had won the holding contest bets from earlier, which netted Zora another $92, and Matt, Steve, and Phil a net gain of $181. Because of the late hour there would only be betting on who would win the 10 PM beer drinking contest, which would be held with alcoholic beer this time. Zora figured the guys would be betting a lot of their money on the contest, so she was determined to score a win instead of a tie this time.

Besides Zora and Kelly, William found 5 other guys and one larger girl who hadn't already gotten themselves drunk who were willing to enter the contest. Zora and Kelly were both as desperate as ever, but both tried to look perfectly calm as William duct taped two 40 ounce beer bottles to their hands. Both women tried to avoid fidgeting around to intimidate each other. Neither woman wanted to end the night losing the last drinking contest, especially not one with actual alcoholic beer.

When the drinking contest started Zora tried to ignore everything around her as she steadily worked on downing her 80 ounces of beer. In the back of her mind Zora feared how her already bursting bladder might revolt at the thought of downing another 80 ounces of beer. But following Matt's advice Zora told herself any increasingly urgent messages her bladder sent her was just her mind playing tricks on her.

While the drinking contest was going on, neither Zora or Kelly noticed when William and Matt both briefly disappeared from the crowd to have a heated whispered conversation.

"Are you serious man" Matt asked incredulously. "You want to bet how much against my girl?".

"You heard me right" William replied calmly. "$500, my girl Kelly against your girl Zora. First one who's girl spills even a drop of piss loses".

Matt could hardly believe his luck. Zora had asked him to keep an eye out for a chance to make money off of her holding contest against Kelly, and now such an opportunity had walked right into his face.

"I can take your bet" said Matt, "but only if my girl Zora wins this beer drinking contest, because otherwise I won't have $500 to bet on her".

William pretended to think it over for a moment, then nodded. "Don't let Kelly hear I agreed to our bet being official only if she lost a drinking contest".

Matt nodded his head in agreement. "You're on then, my girl can hold her piss in longer than yours can, she's my bladder queen".

"And Kelly is my perfect little bladder queen" William replied with a wicked smile as he and Matt shook on their agreement.

There was no way Zora would dare sneak off for a piss before bed with so much of her friend's money on the line. William was sure Kelly would be quite pleased with him when she found out. Now all Kelly had to do to fulfill her revenge fantasy was to beat Zora's iron bladder either tonight or tomorrow, and William was confident in his girl being able to do so.

Despite her vow to remain focused on her drinking to win the money, Zora found her attention drifting away from the contest as she finished her first 40 ounce bottle of beer. Her bladder's already urgent needs seemed to be growing more desperate as the alcohol hit her. Despite her vows to show no weakness Zora found herself starting to uselessly try to grip her throbbing pussy's pee hole with the hand that had the empty beer bottle duct taped to it. But of course with the beer bottle still there Zora didn't accomplish anything more than make herself look like a desperate little fool. Zora found herself starting to blush in embarrassment as she realized how silly her squirming must be making her look.

"Don't pee, don't pee" Zora found herself muttering repeatedly in her mind. "And don't squirm either, you promised Matt to stay strong".

Zora's drinking, and desperation was distracted suddenly by a loud hissing sound that Zora, even in her drunken state, recognized as someone pissing themselves. Fearing it was herself due to the alcohol weakening her iron bladder too much Zora glanced at her crotch, and saw she was still dry.

Zora glanced to the side at Kelly, and saw her still dry to, though clearly more desperate than before. Her and Kelly's eyes glanced over at the other contestants, and saw one of the guys in the contest was pissing himself. Much of the front of his swim trunks were soaked, and piss was running down one of his legs, but he was too drunk to care.

Zora almost let herself get glued to the sight, especially as piss began to run down the legs of the only other girl in the contest besides her and Kelly. But then Zora heard Matt's voice in the crowd shouting "keep drinking Zora, you can do this girl!", and she remembered what she was doing.

When Zora finally finished the last of her alcoholic beer she found her mood improved tenfold over what it had been before the alcohol. Her mood only got better when William informed her that she had won another close match against Kelly and removed the empty beer bottles from her hands. Kelly gave her an angry glare over being defeated yet again. But Zora, with her judgment impaired, just smiled back and waved, which only seemed to make Kelly madder.

Part of Zora knew that she ought to be worried when Matt told her about the $500 bet with William. After all she was already bursting for a piss, holding it for the rest of the night might be a stretch, let alone holding it into the morning and however long Kelly could last. But the alcohol was enough to drown out her concern and worry.

Instead, Zora's drunken response to Matt was to playfully whine in a slurred voice "But Matt, I really have to pee, like really bad Matt".

"But you won't pee now will you Zora" asked Matt, somewhat drunkenly. "We have big money on the line now for you resisting the urge to piss, because you're the bladder queen".

Hearing the title bladder queen brought back memories of Matt's earlier pep talk to Zora's drunk mind. She blushed, "I'm not a good queen Matt, I squirmed and potty danced a lot during that last contest. I really had to pee bad during that contest Matt, I still have to pee bad now". Zora blushed again as she realized she was hunched over gripping her crotch with both hands squirming in front of Matt.

Matt gently lifted Zora's arms away from her crotch and made her stand straight. "Just remember our pep talk from earlier babe" he whispered as he rubbed her shoulders. "You're a beer and a bladder queen Zora. Queens like you can always handle a little more beer, your mind is playing tricks on you if your bladder says otherwise. You're a lady, and like you told me, ladies can always wait just a little longer if they need to".

Zora felt her bladder's desperate urges relaxing a bit at Matt's calming words of encouragement. "I'm a bladder queen Matt" she smiled drunkenly. "I haven't peed in 16 and a half hours, I really have to pee bad now Matt. But I'm a queen, and queen's can hold it when they're expected to wait. William expects me to wait and hold it till we're back at the college, otherwise he would have brought us to a beach with a ladies room to use".

With confidence fueled somewhat by her hormones, and somewhat the alcohol, Zora gripped Matt's cock through his swim trunks, and found it fully erect. "That's why we ladies always have the longer bathroom lines while you boys get to go right in and pee" she whispered in an increasingly slurry voice. "You like it when we have to pee, you like making me hold it and get desperate for a pee from the beer, don't you? I should have recognized it sooner in you Matt".

Instead of answering, Matt drunkenly kissed Zora on the lips. "I always knew you were the brains Zora, figuring out stuff like that" he whispered drunkenly.

As 10:30 PM turned to midnight Matt, Steve, and Phil all had several more 12 ounce bottles of alcoholic beer. At first Zora refrained from joining them in their drinking, and simply sat by the dying fire fidgeting slightly in desperation. But after a while the alcohol's effect on her judgment and her own stubborn pride about out drinking the boys got the better of her, no matter what her bursting bladder said.

Steve and Phil looked surprised and a bit worried as they saw Zora help herself to a 12 ounce bottle of beer. Zora smiled drunkenly at them and said "I got thirsty, a beer queen can always have another beer can't she?". Zora noted the prideful look on Matt's face.

"Just don't drink more than you can handle with the money on the line" Steve reminded her.

"Don't be a buzz kill Steve, I wanna have a good time" Zora moaned, even while her bladder protested at the extra beer.

"Shouldn't you get Kelly to have a beer with you" Phil asked.

"I don't wanna drink with her, don't kill the party mood guys" Zora whined. "I don't have to make Kelly drink another beer to win the bet, because I'm a queen Phil". Zora gently rubbed her bladder bulge, visibly protruding by several inches. "Only a bladder queen can get one of these and still hold it Phil, a queen can hold it Phil". The logical part of Zora's mind would have agreed with Phil, but it was too snowed under by all the alcohol to stop Zora's drunken arrogance.

Around midnight William went around and extinguished all the campfires with buckets of ocean water to encourage everyone to go to bed. The others soon left the smothered out fire, but Zora and Matt remained, now alone. At Matt's suggestion they decided to use the darkness as an excuse to have one more beer before bed. By the time Zora and Matt finished their last beer at 12:15 AM, the night air had gotten pretty chilly, especially without the fire to warm them.

While Matt hadn't been in any of the beer contests, he had been packing away the beer tonight, having downed 6 beers in the last hour and a half. The beer, combined with the chilly air, were quickly making his bladder a problem. Matt found himself gripping his desperate cock through his swim trunks and squirming around in his seat.

Yet despite how drunk he was, Matt was still able to remember his fear from earlier when he placed his bet with William. Zora might try to take a midnight before bed pee if he left her alone now, in the near pitch darkness with no campfires to light things up anymore. Even drunk Matt knew he couldn't afford to lose $500 from Zora giving into such a temptation.

Matt's fears were well founded. The chilly air and added beer were also quickly making their effects known in Zora's bulging bladder. At first Zora tried to look tough for Matt and not squirm as she gently rubbed her legs together, but soon she couldn't keep her legs still as she uselessly tried adjusting them repeatedly for a bit of relief.

Zora found herself starting to wonder how good it would feel to drop her bikini bottom and piss in the smothered out campfire. Surely no one would see anything, and no one would ever suspect a thing Zora drunkenly thought. At first Zora's aversion for peeing anywhere but a toilet made her tell herself she shouldn't be thinking of such things. But soon her increasingly frantic desperation, and the alcohol's effects on lowering her inhibitions left her hoping Matt would leave her alone already so she could carry out her sneaky pee in private.

After several minutes of obvious squirming in her seat, and even gripping her crotch, Zora knew she couldn't take much more of this. She was on the verge of losing control of her iron bladder right there. If Matt wasn't going to leave then she had to do something her drunken mind told her. So she stood up carefully, as Matt, with his eyes glued to her, did the same.

"Leave me alone Matt, I have to pee before bed" Zora moaned in a slurry drunk voice. When Matt didn't move quick enough she added "I wanna pee in the campfire Matt, no one will ever know I did it".

Alarms went off in Matt's drunk mind at Zora's drunken confession. "You can't pee Zora, you need to keep holding it for our $500 bet".

"But I REALLY have to pee Matt, I haven't peed in over 18 hours" she whined. "Please just go Matt, I know you're desperate to pee on the sand dunes again, I see you squirming".

"You're not going to just let Kelly win like that are you" asked Matt, trying to ignore his own desperately full bladder. "Just because you're not enough of a lady to wait until morning. I thought you were a queen Zora".

"Like you're not gonna just go pee even if I agree to wait" complained Zora. "You boys peed on the sand dunes all day. Even Kelly peed on the sand dunes, and she's a girl. So why do I have to keep waiting while you all get to pee?".

"Because... I won't leave you alone to pee, even if it means I can't pee all night either" Matt replied.

For a long moment Zora and Matt were both silent as they stared drunkenly at each other and squirmed while gripping their crotch. Matt felt a lake of piss continuing to slosh around inside his bladder, and wondered how Zora had coped so well with the ocean of piss residing in her own much larger bladder. It was way harder then she made it look.

Finally a smile crept on Zora's face. "You're not keeping me from peeing tonight Matt" she whispered as she stepped within an inch of Matt's face. "I'm keeping you from peeing tonight, because you know you can't leave me alone to go pee in the sand dunes. And you're too much of a gentleman to pee in front of me when you know I really have to pee to. That would be too mean to me".

Speechless, Matt nodded, realizing Zora was right. On one hand he was glad that Zora wouldn't lose the bet by peeing before bed. On the other hand, he was disappointed that he couldn't take his own desperately needed piss. Zora however, was thrilled. "It's going to be fun watching you squirm with me for a change tonight Matt" she giggled as she kissed him. Soon she and Matt went to find some warm blankets to sleep under, and the couple with two desperately full bladders tried to fall asleep for the night.

Meanwhile, a half mile walk down the beach, Kelly and her bursting bladder were in absolute agony. Her heavy load of piss sloshed around her bursting bladder and hammered at her pee hole, desperate to come out.

Things only got worse for Kelly's tortured bladder as William thrust his hard cock into her tensed cunt. Kelly moaned loudly in both pleasure & pain, she loved riding the endless waves of pleasure their full bladder sex always gave her. If William had any doubts as to who the real bladder queen was on the beach, Kelly was determined to erase those doubts. The pressure Kelly felt with each thrust was immense, and sent constant jolts through her iron bladder. Kelly's bladder begged her to make William stop, but the rest of Kelly begged him to keep on going.

When Kelly and William both reached orgasm at the same time it felt like a bomb had gone off in Kelly's bladder. Kelly felt the ocean of piss sloshing inside of her bladder trying with explosive force to squeeze past her sphincter and run down her legs.

Kelly immediately jammed both hands into crotch to try to stem the flood as she moaned loudly in pleasure and agony. Kelly's years of training her mammoth iron bladder paid off as her sphincter muscles fought back against the overwhelming pressure, and she somehow miraculously didn't leak a drop.

For a minute Kelly rolled around in the sand in her own little world, gripping her crotch like mad and twisting her legs around, trying to calm her bladder down now that the sex was over.

Kelly's attempt to calm her bladder down was interrupted when she heard the familiar sound of someone urinating. The sound sent more urgent jolts through her bladder. For a horrified moment Kelly thought her iron bladder had failed her. But no, her hands and legs were still dry, she wasn't leaking, yet.

"William!" Kelly screamed with fury as she sat up, and saw his penis pissing a thick stream of urine into the sand a few feet in front of her. William was always doing cruel stuff like this around her when he knew she was so desperate to pee.

"What's the matter Kelly" asked William. "I thought you were a bladder queen who didn't mind when a guy pisses next to her. If you're not going to pee then surely you can wait without a problem".

Kelly nearly broke down and gave into the gallons of piss urgently sloshing around inside her bursting bladder. It was what Kelly did every other night she had full bladder sex with William, she rushed to the toilet for a much needed piss afterwards. Or if they were having sex outdoors like tonight, she'd squat down and piss a gusher where she was.

William's piss was like a drug to Kelly. She knew she should look away as William's piss continued to wreak havoc on her bladder and push her closer to leaking a massive spurt of piss down her legs. Just the sight of William's piss was tempting Kelly more by the second to give into her bladder's urgent demands and piss on the beach. And yet Kelly couldn't bring herself to look away from it, so she watched in a desperate jealous agony as William finished his piss.

"Do you want me to lose this damn $500 bet you made on me" Kelly hissed at William as he started to put his swim trunks back on. "Because this is how you make me lose a $500 bet".

"But you didn't Kelly" William replied in his calm and soothing voice. "You were able to hold it in anyway, because you're the real bladder queen on this beach". In truth, William came from a wealthy family, so $500 was nothing to him.

William smiled at Kelly's silence, knowing his charm had hit home. "Think of what you just went through as practice for tomorrow Kelly" he suggested. "Do you think your rival Zora could have survived what you just went through the last hour without springing at least a dozen leaks?".

Kelly soon put her bikini back on, and her and William walked the half mile back to the part of the beach the others were at. The walk back in the chilly night air was torture on Kelly's exhausted bladder. Nearly every step sent new jolts through her bursting bladder. So Kelly was very grateful when William fetched her some warm blankets to sleep under.

Despite Kelly's extreme desperation, she managed to fall asleep on the beach rather quickly. In the near pitch dark by now, Kelly and William didn't even notice that they had chosen to fall asleep right next to Zora and Matt, who were both already sound asleep despite their own bladder's urgent needs.

Zora and Kelly both needed their rest, for tomorrow the beer drinking contests would resume at 10 AM. Neither desperate woman knew how much more beer their bladder could take without relief. But both desperate women knew that they'd likely have to drink a lot more beer to defeat their iron bladdered rival to prove that they were the true bladder queen on the beach.

===

The Beach Party, Part #5

The first thing Zora noticed when she began to stir around 8 AM in the morning was that she felt pretty aroused over something. Zora was pretty sure she had been having a vivid dream that somehow involved her finding herself dying for a piss, and was somehow very erotic. Zora blissfully tried to remember the dream she had been having, until she realized that her bladder felt ready to explode with piss. Zora groaned and gripped her crotch for dear life as she rolled around squirming underneath the blankets, her arousal and thoughts of whatever dream she had been having forgotten. Memories of the previous night flashed through Zora's mind. Why had she been dumb enough to have several cans of beer after the last contest ended she wondered. Those cans were already coming back to haunt her this morning. And most important of all, why hadn't Zora snuck off for a piss before going to bed last night?

Zora was so desperate after 26 hours without a piss that she almost considered abandoning her modesty and hurrying behind the sand dunes to take a morning piss. But then Zora glanced over to her side, and saw Kelly beginning to stir, and she remembered the $500 bet.

It was then that Zora realized Matt was no longer sleeping beside her, Zora glanced around for him. She spotted him in the distance, standing near the sand dunes at the spot everyone else had turned into the bathroom area, obviously taking a much needed morning piss. For a brief moment Zora allowed herself to smile as memories of how Matt had squirmed around gripping his cock in desperation all night long returned to her. It had been fun seeing him squirm around for a change, even if she had been squirming with him all night long. Still, Zora groaned as her jealousy over Matt's morning piss sent more urgent jolts through her desperate bladder.

A few feet away, Kelly woke up, and immediately shot both hands towards her own crotch and trembled around madly in desperation after 21 and a half hours without a piss. Kelly was sure that she had been having a really vivid dream that somehow involved her holding it and beer contests with Zora. But her slight hangover was making it too difficult to remember any details. Kelly glanced to her side and realized that William had already woken up and left earlier. Memories of how William had cruelly taken a piss a few feet away from her last night, knowing she couldn't pee with him because of the $500 bet sent shudders through Kelly's desperate bladder. She began to silently squirm around in desperation under her blanket just like Zora.

Eventually, after several minutes of silent squirming, both Zora and Kelly's bladders calmed down just enough for them to both sit up and stare at each other. Zora saw a lot of anguish in Kelly's eyes, but still a burning fierce determination that Zora shared with her rival. Zora was certain that Kelly was nearly as bad off as she was in the bladder department, but she decided to bluff and pretend to be in a much better state than her rival.

"Good morning Kelly" Zora said with little emotion, "I hope you're not still foolish enough to think you can somehow best my iron bladder this morning". Zora tried to sound calm and unconcerned, but in her desperate state it just wasn't possible, she had to pee too badly.

Kelly didn't buy her bluff for a moment. "You'd give up now if you knew what my iron bladder endured last night without leaking a drop. You'd know there's no hope of beating me if I could survive that self inflicted torture" Kelly hissed as she remembered her difficult full bladder sex with Will. Zora rolled her eyes at Kelly's claim, which only seemed to infuriate Kelly farther. "I know you can never bring yourself to pissing out here where 100 other strangers can watch you Zora, that's a real shame. Modesty can be a real difficult thing for a woman to have in situations like this".

"Maybe for an ordinary woman it is" replied Zora, "but you forget Kelly, I'm the bladder queen of this beach. I'm the only person who hasn't taken a piss since we got here, and I intend to keep it that way". Despite her plight, Zora felt herself enjoying her rivalry with Kelly, and the knowledge that she was the only thing making Kelly force herself to continue holding her boiling load of piss back.

"Even a queen has to take a leak eventually Zora. And you will involuntarily leak soon in a humiliating fashion. And I'll enjoy every second of the sight" said Kelly. "You may not believe it, but when I peed on the beach I hadn't taken a piss in over a day and a half. So I can still last all day if I want to, I doubt you can say that about yourself".

"You're right, I don't believe you Kelly. I doubt you were even holding it for half that time when you peed on the beach yesterday morning" Zora replied, knowing that it would tick Kelly off.

Kelly glared angrily at Zora now. "You know, it would almost be worth it for me to drop my bikini bottom right here and piss a gusher in front of you. I bet you'd probably piss yourself right now if I did. Or at the very least I'd at least get to see you suffer a lot. And then since you're too modest to pee on the beach I'd get to watch you continue to suffer all day until you can't wait any longer and you humiliate yourself".

Zora felt her bladder spasming in complaint at the thought of watching Kelly piss a gusher just a few feet away from her. But she kept her head on and remembered the $500 bet, it would be so easy to win if she could goad Kelly into following through on her threat. Matt and the guys would be so pleased with her as well.

"Go ahead and do it then" Zora said in taunting voice, trying not to let her nervousness show. "I'm not afraid of you pissing a little waterfall in front of me. I know I've got more beer in my bladder than you do, because I had several 12 ounce bottles before bed last night". Despite her fears of Kelly going through with her threat, Zora felt herself getting excited anticipating Kelly's piss. Zora struggled not to smile as she realized her own desperation and the thought of her own suffering was turning her on again.

Kelly however was too smart to be goaded into following through with her threat. "No, as tempting as it might be, I'll wait until I get to enjoy the sight of you pissing yourself before I let myself pee".

Kelly noticed at a hint of disappointment on Zora's face, and smiled. "You didn't think I'd just let you and your boyfriend win $500 that easily did you Zora? $500 may be nothing to my rich asshole boyfriend, but I'm a real bitch when I'm angry. So I'll gladly keep holding it in and suffering just to make your boyfriend $500 poorer".

Silence stretched out between the two women again for a minute as they stared at each other and continued to squirm around desperately. Kelly began to brush the sand out of her long blonde hair with both hands, her eyes daring Zora to show she could do the same with both hands despite her bladder's plight. Aroused at the thought of how big a risk she was taking with her bursting bladder so full, Zora followed suit, and used both hands to shake the sand out of her long dark hair. Zora began to wonder in the back of her mind if Kelly was getting aroused by their contest to despite her desperation.

Eventually when both women finished with their hair Zora broke the silence. "I'm thirsty Kelly, let's go get a can of beer together".

By 10 AM when the first drinking contest of the day rolled around Zora wanted nothing less than to drink another 80 ounces of beer. Zora couldn't remember ever letting herself get this frantic for a piss in her life, as she frequently jammed both fists into her crotch. Though she tried to mask her dread, Matt seemed to sense it right away. He was quickly by Zora's side, whispering words of encouragement into her ears.

"I know you're nervous about this contest Zora, and I know you're doubting yourself because you have to piss real bad" Matt whispered as he wrapped his arms around her in a hug. "But there's no reason sell yourself short darling. You've gotta keep showing Kelly who's the real queen on this beach".

"I know Matt, a true bladder queen should never back down from a challenge" Zora whispered back. "I can hardly believe that it's been nearly 28 hours now since I last took a morning piss the previous day. I REALLY need to piss so fucking bad Matt, and I haven't even drank the 80 ounces of beer yet that I'm going to have in this contest".

"I know, I know you've been waiting a long time to piss already Zora, and I know you really need to go by now" replied Matt. "But you know you can wait even longer babe".

"I know Matt, I'll show them who the real queen is on this beach by downing my beer like a pro" Zora replied as they shared a kiss. Zora felt Matt's erect cock rub up against her as she leaned in closer. "At least I know what it's like to be on the other end of enjoying the sight of someone with a full bladder suffering after last night" she added in a whisper.

"What can I say, you were very persuasive that I had better hold it when you made your drunken threats last night" Matt replied. Zora grinned happily.

"Thanks for being a good sport about it Matt" Zora replied happily. "And thanks for being a gentleman by not whipping that cock out and peeing in front of me last night or this morning. Queen or not, I don't think I could hold it back any longer if you or anyone were mean enough to do that to me".

The memory of the entire contest was a complete blur to Zora afterwards. All she knew was that she had tortured herself farther and downed her two 40 ounce bottles of beer the quickest, and neither herself nor Kelly had leaked a drop yet. And yet the pain from her bursting bladder being forced to find more room for yet more beer also partially aroused Zora, leaving her looking oddly happy to some people.

The other thing Zora knew was that after the contest had ended she and Matt had left the crowd and gone off for a walk together. Zora was silent at first as she hobbled along and struggled not to let her bladder do the thing it so desperately needed to do. The look on Matt's face when she had won again, and netted Matt and the guys yet more gambling money ($160 total before Zora's cut) told her how proud he was of her right now. Despite her plight Zora couldn't help but be quite proud of herself to.

Still, the second Zora was certain they were well out of earshot of the others she hissed "I've never had to piss so bad in my life Matt!". All of Zora's last ounce of composure she had been using during the contest instantly evaporated as she rammed her hands into her pussy. Zora had little doubt Matt was beginning to get another raging erection at the sight of her desperation, if he didn't have one already.

Matt was silent for a long moment, as Zora sat herself on the sand and jammed a heel against her pee hole. Matt calmly sat down in front of Zora, and looked her in the eyes, as if sizing her up. "Well, you sure showed Kelly who the real queen on this beach was in that contest" Matt finally concluded. "Now all you have to do is keep waiting until you show Kelly who the real bladder queen is on this beach to. And don't try giving me that 'I can't' excuse Zora, because I know you can still hold it".

"Matt please, Kelly... doesn't matter" Zora muttered through gritted teeth. "Even if Kelly pees, I still can't let myself take a leak on the beach. I HAVE to hold it until we get back to the college now. I have no choice, no matter how bad it gets for me".

"Who said anything about letting you pee on the beach when we won the $500 bet Zora" Matt asked casually, but with an evil look in his eyes. "You've made it clear repeatedly that that's not what a proper lady does. I commend you for being a proper lady last night and not giving into your silly temptations to use the sand dunes before bed".

Zora groaned as a new wave of desperation hit her already bursting bladder even harder. "Matt, I may be getting pretty turned on by this right now, but I still wish I had given into that temptation when I was drunk last night. I have to pee so bad already, and I still have to keep waiting for who knows how many more hours today".

"Well, looks like you don't have a choice but to wait like a proper lady now Zora" Matt replied happily. "I'm sure a bladder queen like you can handle it no problem. You'll put all those improper ladies on the beach to shame Zora, especially Kelly".

Matt knew just how to push her buttons and fuel her pride Zora told herself as she nodded her head. "For you and me both I will Matt" Zora replied lustfully, "even if, oh god, even if it takes all day to best Kelly's iron bladder".

Time crawled by agonizingly slow for Zora as she waited for Kelly to lose their contest, and for the buses to finally show up to take her and the others back to the college in the early evening. The thought of visiting the sand dunes and pulling her bikini bottom aside to finally piss her most urgent gusher was becoming more and more temping for Zora as the second day dragged on. But still, Zora stubbornly refused to let herself piss out of pride and the $500 bet. Kelly also managed to stubbornly refuse to let herself piss no matter how badly her bladder urged her to, even though she began to look like she was in even worse shape than Zora was.

Kelly's earlier prideful taunting disappeared as the long day dragged on. Twice more, at Zora's urging, Zora and Kelly shared a can of beer in between the drinking contests. The first time Zora suggested it, around 12 PM noon, Kelly looked nervous for an instant, but tried to quickly hide that nervous behind a stern look of pride. The second time Zora suggested it, around 4 PM, Zora saw real fear in Kelly's eyes for a moment at the thought of downing yet more beer without a piss first.

Zora and Kelly both also entered two more beer drinking contests, at 2 PM and 6 PM, which only made both women's agonizing plights even worse. Despite her own prideful determination, Zora really didn't want to enter either of the beer drinking contests. Her bursting bladder urgently begged her not to enter anymore beer drinking contests.

But Zora did it anyway for two reasons. One was the money she kept winning for herself and the boys. The second was because she knew Kelly's pride wouldn't allow her to stay out of the contest if Zora entered it. The thought that she could torture Kelly's bladder farther by forcing her to enter the beer drinking contests aroused her more than she thought it would as a straight woman.

The beer contests themselves were the very torture on her bladder that Zora had dreaded. Just a quick glance at Kelly however told Zora it was just as bad on her rival, if not even worse. In both the 2 PM and 6 PM contests it was Zora who tortured herself faster by downing the 80 ounces of beer quicker and coming in first place.

It was a bit after 7 PM by the time the buses finally arrived to take the college students back to college. Zora was sitting in the sand with Matt when the buses finally arrived, desperately gripping her crotch, and enjoying Matt's company.

In the distance they both heard William shouting orders at the group. "Alright everyone, pack your stuff up on the bus. And go to the bathroom now before we leave. We're late enough as it is, so we won't be making any pit stops on the way back". Zora couldn't help but grimace inwardly at William's proclamation about the bathroom, and the reminder that she still had to hold it till she made it back to the college.

Matt and Zora looked each other in the eyes, and Matt smiled. "I think William's proclamation won't be any trouble for a certain bladder queen who hasn't peed in 37 hours, now will it Zora?" he asked with a big grin.

"Me, ask for a pit stop on the way home?" asked Zora playfully as her bladder begged for one. "You know full well William's idea of a pit stop will be letting people piss by the side of the road. That's not an acceptable restroom for a proper lady like me Matt. I'd rather continue to hold it, despite how badly I urgently need a leak already".

Matt gently patted Zora on the back before getting up. "That's my girl Zora. I've got to grab our stuff, but how about we meet in the last row of the last bus" Matt suggested. Matt knew full well that Zora was in no state to gather her things, and didn't want her to push herself too far while Kelly still held on.

"Certainly, and I'll see if I can wrap this silly contest up with Kelly before we leave" Zora replied. Matt gave Zora a surprised look, but saw from the look in her face that she didn't intend to pee even if she could get Kelly to. He smiled and wished his girlfriend luck as he ran off to pack their things and take a piss himself before entering the bus.

Alone now, Zora carefully stood up, with both hands gripping her crotch desperately. For a moment Zora's bladder tried to rebel more fiercely than ever upon standing up, Zora felt a rush of her urine trying to squeeze past her bladder's sphincter muscles. But the urges soon subsided enough for Zora to hobble towards the other end of the beach, where she knew Kelly was.

Kelly, who hadn't peed in over 32 and a half hours, definitely looked to be in even worse shape than Zora when she first saw her. Knowing she had to look tough now, Zora forced herself to stand up straight, and tried to make herself walk normally over to Kelly rather than hobble in desperation.

When Kelly first looked up at Zora, trying to feign a strength she didn't truly feel, Zora saw a look of fear in her eyes, which soon turned to a look of hopelessness and defeat. Willing herself not to let her desperation show in her voice, Zora tried to speak with confidence. "So Kelly, you heard what your boyfriend William said. A girl with a weak bladder like you should really take a leak before a several hour bus trip with no bathroom breaks".

Zora expected to see a spark of anger in Kelly's eyes at her taunting. Instead Kelly groaned, as if wrecked by a new wave of desperation, and squirmed around even more urgently than before. For a moment Zora was certain she was about to see some piss running down Kelly's legs, but then Kelly moved her hands away from her crotch, and revealed her still dry bikini bottom and legs.

"Why, to let you piss to before you get on the bus?" Kelly asked. "I'd rather see you piss in your seat on the bus Zora, even if it means I have to keep holding it to after 32 and a half hours of waiting already". Kelly tried to have a hint of anger in her tone, but even Kelly thought she just sounded weak.

"Kelly, you silly girl" replied Zora happily. "You forget, I'm the proper lady who refuses to pee anywhere but seated on a clean toilet. And like a proper lady I'm still holding all of my pee, even though it would be so simple to pull this bikini bottom aside and piss a nice gusher right now". Zora almost grit her teeth as the piss sloshed around more urgently in her bladder at the thought of doing just what she had said. "But I won't do it" Zora continued, "because I intend to wait until I get back to the college. And then I'll calmly wait in line to use the ladies room, like a proper lady".

"You however, are the girl who rushed off to piss in the sand dunes a few hours after we got here. A girl like you Kelly, willing to drop her bikini and piss anywhere just doesn't have the motivation to keep holding on like a proper lady should. When things get too tough for you to wait you'll always just drop your bikini and pee where you are, just like the guys who will rudely pee anywhere in front of the other desperate girls at the drop of a hat" Zora finished with a sly smile. Zora wanted to giggle, but knew it would probably be the end of her 37 hour long hold if she did.

For a moment Kelly looked torn, as if seriously contemplating giving up. Zora watched Kelly's eyes dart towards the sand dunes, but then she shook her head. "First William tries to get me to piss before we leave, and now you" she muttered. "I'm getting on that bus with my bladder still bursting and unrelieved. I'm the real bladder queen here, not you Zora, and I'll prove it on the ride home". Zora rolled her eyes, which only seemed to tick Kelly off more.

"Fine, piss yourself on the bus ride home Kelly" Zora replied in an unconcerned voice. "I'll be having a beer or two on the way home with my boyfriend, even if you don't have any".

"Then I'll enjoy seeing you piss yourself on the ride home" Kelly retorted, in a tone that clearly said she would not be having any beers on the ride home. Zora knew promising to drink some more beer on the ride home could be a big mistake, the piss sloshing around in her bladder already hated the idea. But seeing Kelly's reaction only made Zora more certain that she had to do it anyway, just to show Kelly who the real bladder queen was in case she had any doubt about it.

With that Kelly began to hobble her way to the last bus. Zora followed closely behind her. The driver barely gave either woman a glance as they hobbled onboard. Zora sat in the very back where Matt told said he'd meet her, while Kelly sat a few rows in front of her.

Matt soon joined Zora at the back of the bus just as the other two buses were beginning to drive away. The way Zora had her legs practically double crossed in her seat made clear to him that Zora was still very much unrelieved. "So, what happened with you and Kelly" Matt asked as he sat down.

"Let's just say I had some fun toying with her" Zora answered coyly. "She'll never make it back to the college dry".

"I should have known you just wanted to be a bitch to her one last time" Matt chuckled. Matt unzipped one of the bags he was carrying and pulled out a 12 ounce can of beer as he chuckled. He was surprised as Zora reached a hand into the bag to grab a can herself. "Are you sure about having that beer Zora? Kelly certainly isn't going to have any".

"I'm a woman of my word Matt, and I promised Kelly I'd have a beer or two with you on the ride home" Zora replied with an air of confidence. "I just wish I didn't have to pee so bad right now Matt. My tortured bladder is beginning to get exhausted after waiting so long already".

"You know it's too late for you to pee now Zora, no matter how bad you need it" Matt replied with a grin. "You passed up a chance to pee on the beach like a good girl. Now you just have to finish your beer and hold on for several more hours until we're back at the college". Zora nodded in agreement, finding herself excited at the challenge she had put before herself, and unsure if she could last long enough.

The effect of all the alcohol William had served, as well as all the drinking on the bus, started to show itself by 8 PM. Despite how William had insisted everyone pee before getting on the bus, many of the drunk college students either hadn't, or needed to pee again already. Soon the bus driver had no choice but to pull over by the side of the road (in what was still an empty rural area) to prevent the drunk college students from peeing in the bus. Many guys, and even a few girls, quickly hurried out of the bus for a piss. There were cries of jealousy by some of the girls who needed to go, but refused to by the side of the road in front of everyone. Soon Zora and Kelly, who both had the window seat, had a great view of college aged men and women both peeing just outside the bus.

At first Zora dared herself to watch the whole thing, eager to see as many cocks from the window as she could. But when Zora's bladder shuddered in jealousy too much at the sight of so many people pissing she had to look away from the window.

"I think William's trying to convince Kelly to pee here, but she's having none of it" Matt said as he craned his head to see William and Kelly. "He'll probably try to convince you to piss next".

"Then he's wasting his time" Zora replied impatiently as she continued to fidget around desperately in her seat. The last beer hadn't helped Zora at all, her squirming was much more frantic now. "Us ladies can't pee outdoors, it's the rule, William should know that by now".

"Well, if it's a rule then who made the rule Zora" Matt asked playfully.

"Us ladies did of course Matt" Zora replied in a more playful tone now, even as she could just barely make out the unwelcome sound of people urinating on the other side of bus window. In Zora's opinion nothing was worse on a full bladder than listening to someone else pee while you couldn't.

"Well, why can't you ladies break the rule? None of the ladies out there are obeying it" Matt playfully asked with a grin.

Zora readjusted her shaking legs and rammed a fist into his crotch again. "Us ladies have to obey the rules Matt... well us proper ladies at least. Guys get to pee outdoors, while us ladies have to hold it. Even if we really have to pee bad we still have to hold it".

Zora's eyes moved towards the cans of beer Matt still had in his unzipped bag, Matt's eyes followed hers and smiled. Zora knew she shouldn't let herself have another. She knew her exhausted iron bladder might not be able to take it for much longer. And yet the thought of how risky it was really excited her. So against her better judgment she reached for the can.

"As a lady who has to hold it according to the rules, I'm probably going to deeply regret this Matt" Zora announced as she opened the can and took a sip. "I might have to make an unladylike mad dash for the ladies room when we get back Matt. I'm already nearly leaking a gusher right in my seat".

Kelly knew she was on the verge of a major accident as the drunk college students piled back in the bus after their piss by the side of the road. If it wasn't for Kelly's stubbornness about her contest with Zora she would have gladly pissed on the beach many hours ago. But despite William's urging Kelly refused to pee by the side of the road. "I'm holding it till I can't hold it anymore Will, end of discussion" she hissed at him. William seemed conflicted with joy at Kelly pushing herself farther, and fear that she was going to inevitably have a major accident on the bus.

Shortly after 9 PM, after holding it in for 34 and a half hours, Kelly's iron bladder finally cracked under the enormous pressure from the gallons of piss sitting in her bladder. Kelly lost control of her bladder for just a second, long enough for a large spurt of piss to escape her and leave a major wet spot on Kelly's bikini. Some piss began run down Kelly's legs as well.

William was out of his seat immediately to let Kelly pass. "Hurry to the front of the bus. I'll get the bus to pull over for you before you make a big mess that gets us an expensive cleanup bill" he hissed.

Kelly let out a loud moan as she gripped down harder on her bladder to stop the flood. But she knew William was right. She was only moments away from her exhausted bladder completely losing the rest of her boiling pent up piss, even with her iron control. Kelly hurried down the aisle, leaking a bit more piss down her legs as she hobbled. Kelly was too distracted by her own desperate need to even realize that everyone on the bus was watching her beginning to piss herself. Kelly was grateful that William had already gotten the driver to pull over for her by the time she was at the front.

Kelly barely walked more than 3 steps after she got off the bus before she opened her flood gates to let the piss finally gush out of her like a fire hose. Kelly was so eager to piss that she didn't even take the time to pull her bikini bottom aside, so it and her legs began to get soaked until she started to pull the bikini bottom aside.

At first Kelly was too awash in relief to even care that almost everyone on the bus had their eyes on her. But when Kelly's iron bladder finally finished emptying itself 5 minutes later, Kelly couldn't help but blush in embarrassment. Kelly was supposed to be a bladder queen, but here she was, so desperate to pee that she had to make the entire bus pull over on the side of the road just for her. Plus Kelly's bikini bottom and legs were embarrassingly soaked with her own urine. Anyone who even glanced at her would be able to tell that she had a major accident, like an ordinary girl with a weak bladder.

William wordlessly handed Kelly a towel, which she used to dry her legs off. Not wanting to wear her piss soaked bikini bottom anymore Kelly covered herself with the towel and took her bikini bottom off. Kelly left her piss soaked bikini bottom on the ground as she re-boarded the bus. Everyone was starring at her as she made her shameful walk back to her seat, feeling utterly humiliated. But the worst part of it for Kelly was seeing the smug look of satisfaction on Zora's arrogant face. That was the biggest blow of all to Kelly's once prideful demeanor.

"I can't believe I did that" Kelly whispered quietly enough for only William to hear after she sat down. "I guess I can't call myself much of a bladder queen anymore".

Meanwhile, in the back row of the bus, Matt was already counting out the $500 haul from Zora winning the holding contest against Kelly. Zora meanwhile was feeling quite pleased with herself at finally bringing Kelly's iron bladder down in such spectacular fashion.

"I'm so glad Kelly waited until she started pissing herself" Zora said gleefully as she watched Matt divide the money into several piles, one of which was for her. "Now she and everyone else here can't possibly deny who the real bladder queen is. And she'll think twice about challenging the true queen again".

"If you want to celebrate I still have a few more cans of beer" Matt offered with a grin. "Unless of course the bladder queen is too close to pissing herself on the bus like the Kelly did".

"If I might be blunt with you Matt, I'm really struggling to not piss in my seat right now " Zora confessed without emotion. Zora had a firm death grip over her pussy with one hand, as she squirmed around and double or triple crossed her shaking legs. "I really don't know if I can hang on for another hour till we return to the campus".

Disappointment clearly showed on Matt's face. "Well, if the bladder queen knows her limits than that's fine, I'll drink for her" he said as he opened one of the beer cans and took a long sip.

"But at the same time..." Zora added tantalizingly. "A certain girl does love to celebrate with some beer, even if it's against her better judgment...and the entire idea of entering those beer contests in the first place was against her better judgment". With a daring smile Zora reached into the bag and grabbed one of the last remaining cans of beer, and took a long sip. "Sometimes I'm too daring for my own good Matt" she said with a smile, all while her double crossed legs screamed she was still dying for a piss.

Because Zora felt extra daring after her victory over Kelly, she drank her entire 12 ounce can of beer within 5 minutes. But it didn't take long for the adrenaline of her victory to wear off, and the added load on her increasingly exhausted bladder to catch up to her. Zora's frequent squirming around in desperation soon grew twice as frantic.

"Why did I have to have to be stupid and have that last can of beer?" Zora moaned while tapping her crossed legs impatiently. "I really don't think I can wait till we get back to the campus Matt! I'm on the verge of peeing myself like Kelly did!".

"Well, since we both know you aren't willing to piss by the side of the road, I'm afraid you don't have any choice Zora but to keep on waiting" Matt replied slowly. "I mean, the only other solution I can think of is we have a few empty 12 ounce beer cans. You could let a bit of the edge off your need if you're really desperate enough to use them".

Zora shook her head. "No way, that's a boy's only solution Matt. Even a less ladylike girl couldn't possibly use something with that narrow an opening without making a huge mess". Zora moaned and bent her head down, causing her long dark hair to cover much of her face from Matt's view. "I don't know how I'll ever be able to wait much longer Matt! Even a newly crowned bladder queen has her limits!".

"You will wait Zora! You'll wait as long as you need to wait " said Matt with encouragement. "You'll wait because you're a lady, and a bladder queen, who has to wait because there's no toilets available. You'll wait because the longer you and your iron bladder can wait the more you can brag about beating Kelly's iron bladder".

"Ok, your last point about sticking it to Kelly sold me Matt" Zora replied with a hint of her pride in her voice again. "I don't know how I'll keep holding it back much longer Matt, but I will, because that's what a bladder queen does".

The last hour of the bus ride was hell on Zora, as her desperate plight seem to get exponentially worse by the minute as her iron bladder grew more exhausted. Zora tried every position she knew desperate girls used to try to hold it, and even invented a few of her own. Nothing seemed to make things any easier on her overfilled bursting bladder.

For a while Matt sat in silence, enjoying the lustful sight of Zora's desperation. If only the two of them were alone somewhere Matt found himself wishing, then he could fuck Zora's brain out with his raging erection, all while not letting her pee first. On one hand, Matt hoped for Zora's sake that she could hold on and get to the toilet in time. But on the other hand, Matt knew he'd never get to see the end of Zora's desperate struggle when she disappeared into the ladies room, so he found himself kind of hoping Zora didn't make it.

"Oh thank god!" Zora moaned as the bus finally pulled into the college campus. "I've gotta get to a toilet right frigging now Matt! I swear I might lose it just standing up! That beer on the bus was definitely a mistake!".

"Before you hop out of your seat, you might want to consider waiting a couple of minutes for the bus to empty out first" Matt suggested calmly. "You're at the back of the bus Zora, a bunch of people are going to block you from moving down the aisle if you try to hurry out the second the bus stops".

"Oh FUCK you're right! Why'd we have to sit in the back of the bus Matt" Zora moaned as she continued to squirm around like mad, with both hands rammed firmly against her pee hole. Matt, though sympathetic to his desperate girlfriend's plight, was loving every moment of it, he was glad now he had suggested they sit in the back of the bus. "There better not be a line for the ladies rooms by the time I get off this bus" Zora hissed at Matt. "I seriously cannot wait any longer Matt".

"You'll be alright Zora, it's just a couple minutes more" Matt said as the bus stopped and the aisle was immediately blocked by at least 20 other people as Matt predicted. "Besides, I thought you were a bladder queen who could hold it?" he added teasingly.

The two minute wait for the bus to empty out was agony for Zora. Matt gathered up both their bags while they waited for the bus to empty out. There were still a few others left on the bus when Zora's patience ran out. "Let me out Matt! I can't frigging wait any longer!".

The thought of refusing to let Zora out of her seat for another couple of minutes crossed Matt's mind in that split second. But he was too much of a gentleman to purposely extend Zora's desperate plight any farther... at least not so blatantly.

Matt had barely stood up and stepped aside before Zora jolted right past him and halfway down the aisle. "Out of my frigging way, I haven't been able to pee all day!" Matt heard Zora hiss as she shoved her away around a couple of people standing in the aisle. Matt watched as Zora ran off the bus as fast as her desperate legs could carry her, all while trying to follow her at a brisk pace.

Once off the bus, Zora quickly hurried back to her dormitory building, knowing everywhere else was surely closed after 10 PM on a Sunday night. Zora stifled a groan with each hurried step she took, as each step sent renewed jolts through her bursting bladder, and threatened to make her spill her urine right there. Standing up and walking had definitely made Zora's plight even worse, even if it took her the closest she had been to a toilet in the 40 hours since she had last been able to pee.

As Zora passed by some bushes she desperately thought of pulling her bikini bottom aside and pissing right there. Normally Zora would have never considered doing such a risky thing, but she was on the verge of pissing herself, so previously unacceptable things had finally started to become more viable options to her. But even so, Zora knew she still couldn't risk it, the campus was well lit at night, and had security cameras all over the place. Zora knew she must look like a desperate little fool on the cameras, gripping her crotch with both hands while hobbling towards the dorms.

When Zora reached the front door to her dormitory building she was forced to remove a hand from her crotch to pull the door open. "No one here to hold the door for a lady" Zora muttered to herself as she gripped the door with her hand and pulled, only to realize the door was locked.

"Damn it! Where did I put my damn key card" Zora muttered as she reached her hand towards her pockets. Zora was surprised when rather than finding her jeans her hand found her bikini instead, which obviously didn't have any pockets.

"No! No! This can't be happening!" Zora whimpered pathetically as she jammed her hand back over her crotch and began to shift her legs around urgently. "I can't have left that damn card key in my bag which Matt has! I can't be that stupid can I!" Zora quickly glanced behind her, and groaned, Matt wasn't anywhere in sight. Nor was anyone else in sight who could let her in. "Yes, you are that stupid Zora! Why didn't you think to put your jeans back on so that you'd have the damn card key!" she hissed, along with a series of swear words.

It was only now, stuck outside her dormitory building, dying to piss after 40 hours of waiting, that Zora realized how chilly the evening air was when you were only wearing a skimpy bikini. Zora's whole body begin to shiver from the cold, which was the last thing her bladder needed. Zora felt her throbbing bladder trying to urgently expel her hot pent up pee despite Zora's best effort to keep it in just a little longer. Zora was sure that both her fists jammed against her pee hole were the only thing keeping her from pissing herself right now.

"Don't let me lose it now! Please not now!" Zora whimpered to herself "Not when I'm so close to the ladies room and have come so far". Zora's exhausted bladder continued to rebel against her iron control in the cold night air however. Zora could barely hold it back much longer as she was nearly overwhelmed by even stronger urges yet.

Just as Zora was about to give up all hope and piss in the grass before her urine ran down her legs she heard several familiar voices approaching. She turned around and saw Matt, Steve, and Phil approaching, counting out some of the money she had won for them. The guys all noticed Zora desperately squirming by the door at the same time. Steve and Phil had a look of surprise, while Matt had a look of guilt as he realized why Zora was still standing outside in the cold.

"Guys one of you use your key card to open that damn door right now before I piss myself! I'm going out of my mind in desperation in this cold air!" Zora yelled impatiently.

"Zora I'm so sorry, I didn't realize you left your key card in your bag before you ran off" Matt apologized as he whipped his card out and unlocked the door for Zora. Zora didn't waste a second, she ran full speed through the open door towards the ladies room, nearly losing a major spurt along the way.

Zora's relief at finally getting to the ladies room turned to horror as she stepped inside. She had never seen it so crowded before. There were only 3 stalls in the ladies room, and all were occupied already. There were also 10 other women already waiting in line, most of whom Zora recognized from the weekend beach trip. At even a quick glance Zora could tell many of the women were shifting around uncomfortably, obviously desperate to pee. Zora had little doubt these women had been drinking a lot of beer on the bus ride home. In other words, the ladies room was just as Zora had dreaded it would be.

Zora felt her exhausted bladder weakening just from being so close to the anticipated relief of the toilet. The sound of one or two other women pissing in the toilet behind the stall door was torture on Zora.

"Oh please, please, let me cut in line ladies, I'm about to lose it" Zora whimpered as she openly squeezed her pussy at the back of the line. The reception Zora got was not as she had hoped however.

Almost all the girls immediately protested, and complained about their own needs. Sheena, the loudest of those girls, ended up speaking for the group. "No one's letting you cut in line girl, so shut up and wait your turn like the rest of us! You're not the only one dying to pee, I had 6 cans of beer on the way home!".

Before Zora could say anything more, everyone heard the loud sound of one of the toilets flushing. The noise of the flush was like a battering ram hitting Zora's exhausted little pee hole. "Oh No! NO!" Zora screamed as the flush was the straw that broke the camel's bladder. Piss squirted out of Zora's warm pussy for several seconds, soaking half her bikini bottom, and running down her legs before she could cut off the flow after a few seconds. Almost all the ladies eyes were on Zora now.

Zora tried to cut in line and hurry into the stall when the door opened, but several of the women moved to block her. "Please let me go!" Zora cried. "I haven't peed in over 40 hours! I'm already pissing myself!"

"You're not cutting in line bitch and that's final" said Sheena as Zora watched another girl hurry into the stall and close the door behind her. Despite her best efforts, Zora lost another large spurt of piss right there and felt it running down her legs, which wasn't unnoticed by Sheena, who was still blocking her from cutting in line. "Looks like you won't be needing the toilet anymore by the time it's your turn" Sheena said with a nasty grin. Zora began to blush as she realized Sheena was right, she was likely only seconds away from completely losing control of her exhausted bladder.

For a fraction of a second Zora was ready to give up in despair and just piss where she stood rather than drag out the inevitable even longer. Zora knew even her iron bladder was too exhausted and too overfilled to the brim to hold her hot pent up piss back for more than a couple of seconds longer. But then the solution to her desperate plight dawned on her.

"Out of my way!" Zora shouted as she shoved her way past the women waiting in line, all while the new girl in the stall began to piss a gusher. The sound of the new girl's gusher was like a bomb going off in Zora's bladder. A few more drops dribbled out of her exhausted iron bladder and down her legs despite Zora's best efforts to hold it.

But then Zora turned the corner and saw the shower stalls. Zora hurried inside the nearest shower stall, stood over the drain in the center, and began to release her boiling load of pent up piss full force before she had even pulled her bikini bottom aside. The hiss of Zora's piss was easily loud enough for every woman in the ladies room to hear. Several of the women desperately waiting in line groaned at the sound of Zora's gusher of piss.

Zora was too engrossed with the feeling of her relief to pay attention to anything else. The relief was like a constant orgasm of pleasure that nothing could top. It took over 6 minutes for Zora's impressive waterfall of piss to finally run dry. Zora couldn't believe she had held so much piss in her bladder for so long. It was miracle she had held it in even this long she thought.

It was only then that Zora realized that she had forgotten to close the shower curtain to give herself some privacy. Zora blushed in embarrassment as she quickly pulled her wet bikini bottom back in place to cover her pussy. Then she looked up and realized that her arch-rival Kelly was watching her with a smirk on her face.

"Looks like I'm not the only girl who needs to clean herself up now" she said with a mix of venom and glee as she entered another shower stall.

When Zora left the ladies room she found Matt was alone in the hallway waiting for her. A quick glance at Zora's soaking wet bikini bottom, and moist legs told him all he needed to know. "I don't know if I can call myself a bladder queen anymore Matt" she confessed, her face red with embarrassment. "I just couldn't hold it any longer, the long line did me in Matt. I ran into the shower stall to piss after I started to pee myself in front of everyone! Kelly saw everything!".

"It's alright, don't be upset Zora" Matt replied, trying to calm Zora down as he embraced her in a warm hug and began to walk her to her room. "You're still the girl with the biggest bladder on campus, and that's good enough to make you the reigning bladder queen here. Kelly can't take that away from you, you held on a lot longer than she did".

"No" Zora replied with a look of stubbornness returning to her face. "It's still not good enough Matt. I need to learn how to hold it even longer, so that tonight's shameful little accident never happens to me again".

Alternate Ending/Ending 2

"Guys one of you use your key card to open that damn door right now before I piss myself!" Zora yelled impatiently.

"Zora I'm so sorry, I didn't realize your key card was in your bag before you ran off" Matt apologized as he whipped his card out and unlocked the door for Zora. Zora didn't waste a second, she ran full speed through the open door towards the ladies room, nearly losing a major spurt along the way.

Zora's relief at finally getting to the ladies room turned to deep disappointment as she stepped inside. She had never seen this ladies room so crowded before. There were only 3 stalls in the ladies room, and all were occupied already. There were also 10 other women already waiting in line, most of whom Zora recognized from the weekend beach trip. At even a quick glance Zora could tell many of the women were shifting around uncomfortably, obviously desperate to pee. Zora had little doubt these women had been drinking a lot of beer on the bus ride home. In other words, the ladies room was just as Zora had dreaded it would be.

'A bladder queen waits in line, she doesn't beg for other women to let her jump the line' Zora told herself in her head as she joined the end of the line. Even so, Zora felt her exhausted iron bladder weakening from the anticipation of relief being so close. Standing so near the toilets but not being able to use them yet was much worse on Zora then being a several hour bus ride away from any usable clean toilets. Zora couldn't stop shifting her legs around in desperation with her hands jammed into her crotch, just like several other women in front of her in the line.

The worst part of being in line however was the assault on her ears. Zora could hear the loud sound of one or two other women pissing in the toilet behind the stall door, doing the thing her exhausted iron bladder still couldn't do quite yet but desperately wanted to. Given the complains Zora heard from the other women, she was obviously not alone in being tortured by this.

After a minute one of the women finally finished up in the stall. The sound of one of the toilets flushing was like a battering ram hitting Zora's bladder. Zora desperately jammed her hands deeper into her pussy as she watched with jealousy as one woman left a stall, and the woman at the front of the line entered it.

Zora nearly lost control as the new woman's loud piss began to echo throughout the ladies room, which sent more urgent jolts through her bladder. Waiting in line was never going to work Zora realized. Zora made a split second decision to head towards the door. The sound of the other women peeing and flushing the toilets was surely going to make Zora piss herself waiting in line if she stayed any longer.

Matt was alone in the hallway waiting for Zora. He was clearly surprised when Zora came out in just under a minute. Then he realized Zora was still shifting her legs around desperately, all while still remaining dry. "What's the matter Zora is something wrong with the ladies room" Matt asked.

Unknown to Matt, Zora saw Kelly approaching from down the hall. It was clear from the items she was carrying that she was heading for a shower to clean herself off after her earlier accident. The women's eyes locked for a brief second, Kelly had to have seen the worry in Zora's eyes, because she smirked at her.

Kelly knew without a doubt why Zora hadn't been able to release her boiling load of pent up piss in the ladies room. She knew Zora had fled the ladies room to beg Matt to sneak her into the men's room to use their stall that hopefully had no line. Kelly would no doubt enjoy the sight of her arch rival swallowing her pride out of desperation, and doing something so pitiful she would never even consider otherwise. Zora knew she simply couldn't allow that to happen, no matter how close the piss was to spurting out of her pussy.

"I... don't want to wait in that line... it's too long... and a bladder queen doesn't... wait in lines... for her chance to pee..." Zora replied to Matt, unable to keep the anxiousness from her voice.

"Let me check if the stall in the men's room is available and sneak you inside Zora" Matt offered, knowing Zora's control was likely at its limit after 40 hours of waiting.

"No... please don't" Zora replied anxiously, as she still bravely kept her hands away from her pussy. "A bladder queen doesn't... do things like that... she holds it... she should be able to wait...".

"Err, then what do you want to do Zora" Matt asked, confused, but also pleased at what a hot squirming mess his girlfriend was in front of him right now. The fact that Zora was for some reason refusing to grip her pussy for dear life all while close to losing her mind in desperation made it all the hotter for Matt.

"I want... another beer Matt" Zora replied, still anxious, but now with more confidence flowing into her voice. "I want... to share a couple more beers with you in my dorm".

"But what about that pussy of yours that hasn't been able to pee in over 40 hours? And all that beer you've already had since then?" Matt asked excitedly as he pulled the last 12 ounce alcoholic beer bottle in their bags out. "Surely you've got a lot of boiling pent up piss still bursting to come out".

"I'll have to wait" replied Zora as she accepted the open beer bottle form Matt and took a sip. "I'll have to wait... until morning when there won't be a line to wait in". The look of frustration on Kelly's face as she realized Zora was serious was enough for Zora to know she had made the right choice.

"Well if there's any girl on campus who can wait that long, even with a rock hard bulging bladder, it's my bladder queen" Matt said with a big grin. He had a raging hard-on now underneath his swim trunks, which was not unnoticed by Zora, who was feeling pretty turned on herself.

"Besides" Zora added casually in a whisper, "I know from all your... enjoyment... of my desperation that you want to fuck me now, before I can piss a single drop... and so do I. My boiling load of pent up piss may be driving me out of my fucking mind in desperation, but it'll just have to wait until morning. There will be no peeing in a bucket or trashcan for me after sex or before bed. I'm in for a rough night Matt, and I want you to make it as rough on your queen and her very much unrelieved bladder as you can". With that Matt followed Zora as she began to hobble back to her dorm room, still unrelieved.

===

That's the story, tell me what you think.

Also, if you're wondering why there's two different endings, I liked both of them so I decided to include both.

*004*2017-11-25 01:57

Wow, I honestly didn't think anyone would get through reading all 5 parts so fast and comment within the first 24 hours. Thanks guys.

{{On 11/23/2017 at 5:15 PM, Uniee said:

Well this Finished my hold.. had to hobble to toilet to pee..

I'd have liked a wetting in room (private), maybe a bin... maybe sink in room.. toilets too busy..

}}

Well Kelly's end came kind of close to the first item I'd think the way she pissed her bikini, but yeah, it wasn't private. But noted, maybe I'll write more alternate endings next time to include more possible outcomes like the stuff you suggested.

{{6 hours ago, acer913 said:

That was hot. I was a fan of the second ending, but both were excelent

}}

That's what others have said to.

The good part about the second ending is that the story doesn't necessarily have to end there. .

*008*2017-12-10 04:49

Thanks for all the feedback guys. Wedgeantilles & Yellow Rain, it's fine if you feel differently about which ending was better. That's part of why I decided to write two endings, I figured not everyone would be satisfied with either.

I was pondering if I should start a new thread for this or not, but I guess I'll post it here.

I don't think I mentioned it in my earlier posts here, but there's actually a bit of content I removed from this story. In between Part 4 and 5 I was originally going to include two short stories, of dreams that Zora & Kelly have overnight, fueled by their full bladders. I ended up cutting both the dreams out because 1) the story was already getting rather long, and 2) at the time the dreams still needed a lot of work in my opinion, I didn't want to hold up posting part #5 over them.

Below is the finished short story of Zora's dream, I haven't finished Kelly's dream yet so I can't post that one. Maybe I will someday.

===

The Desperate Dream Intermission - Zora's Dream

Zora didn't wake up during the night, but she did dream. Most people with a full bladder have dreams where they need to pee really badly, and Zora was no exception.

Zora was sitting in the back of the college classroom, Matt was with her, but so was Kelly. Zora was desperate for a piss, she had been holding it in for several days now in her dream. She recalled how she had tried to use the toilet this morning, but another girl had beaten her to it. Zora could have just waited for the other girl to come out, but she didn't feel like waiting, and she needed to get to class soon. So Zora had decided to skip her morning piss and continue to hold it. Kelly and Matt were both much more relaxed. Zora knew that unlike her they had both taken a morning piss. Zora knew she should be paying attention to the teacher, but besides her bladder, she was distracted by her rivalry with Kelly.

Zora had met Kelly along her way to class, helping herself to a large 1 liter bottle of soda from a vending machine. "You ought to grab one of these yourself Zora" Kelly had suggested. "It's a 3 hour long class, and I know I always get thirsty during it". Kelly knew full well that Zora hadn't peed in several days and was quite desperate to pee by now, her 'suggestion' was practically a dare. Zora found herself wishing she had used the toilet this morning as she took Kelly's advice and grabbed a large bottle for herself.

Matt had smiled upon seeing Zora and Kelly both enter class, each drinking from a large 1 liter bottle of soda. Matt to knew full well that Zora was already desperate from not peeing in several days, but that didn't stop him from wanting her and Kelly to put on a show for him. "Hey ladies" whispered Matt, "I bet Zora can drink more of those 1 liter soda bottles than you can Kelly". Despite how much she already longed for a piss in her dream, Zora had agreed to the bet.

She and Kelly were soon chugging down bottle after bottle of soda in her dream, Matt seemed to have an endless supply of cold bottles in his backpack.

Zora knew she was going to rush off to the ladies room the second the class ended, she really needed it now. Whatever the reason Zora had put off visiting the toilet for several days, it couldn't be put off much longer. But class seemed to be stretching on and on endlessly, it felt like Zora had been sitting there for over 6 hours already, yet the end of class still seemed to be nowhere in sight.

All the many large bottles of soda Zora was drinking were making her already urgent need for a piss so much worse. "Looks like a certain someone really needs to take a potty break after several days of holding it in" Matt observed with a big grin as he watched Zora fidgeting around desperately in her seat.

"I'm sure this contest is a lot harder when you haven't been able to pee for several days" added Kelly. "Too bad you didn't get to take a piss this morning". Zora could have easily just stopped drinking and conceded the contest to Kelly, but even in her dreams that was unthinkable.

Zora was beginning to doubt if she could possibly hold her heavy load of pent up piss back a moment longer just as class finally ended. As Zora hurried out of her seat and ran towards the door she heard Matt and Kelly both urging her to come back. "Where do you think you're going Zora? The drinking contest isn't over yet" she heard them saying, but Zora ignored them both. Instead Zora made a beeline straight for the ladies room that she urgently needed.

But as Zora ran towards the ladies room in her dream, things weren't as they should be in real life. The doors to both the men's and ladies room led to the same unisex restroom. On one side of the restroom was a half dozen urinals that Zora couldn't possibly use. On the other side were a few sinks, and 3 separate bathroom stalls. Zora didn't care about the obvious differences from this bathroom versus the one she had been expecting as she hurried inside the nearest stall.

Upon entering the stall however Zora discovered there was a padlock on the toilet which prevented the lid from opening! Frantic now, and feeling on the verge of pissing herself, Zora tried to lift the lid and seat together so that she could hover over the toilet to pee, but both refused to budge! Even more frantic now, Zora hurried to the other two stalls, only to find they all had the same problem with the padlock preventing anyone from using them. Who would do such a nasty thing to all the ladies on campus Zora wondered!

"Looking for this are we?" asked the familiar voice of Kelly. Zora turned around and saw Kelly holding a key, Matt was with her to. "Since you haven't peed in several days I thought you might try to run off for a pee break during our drinking contest. So I locked all the non-urinals on campus just in case".

"Please give me the key!" Zora whined.

"Zora you know the rules to a drinking contest, pee breaks aren't allowed" Matt replied in a tone implying he was strongly disappointed in her. "Besides, you can handle a little bit of soda, you don't really need to pee yet".

"But I do!" Zora whined as she potty danced shamelessly before them. "I have to pee so bad you guys, I haven't been able to pee in several days! I need that key now!".

"Well that's a real shame then Zora" Kelly replied with an evil grin that contained no hint of mercy for Zora. "Because there needs to be a punishment for trying to break the rules and pee when you aren't allowed to. Me and Matt both agreed on that punishment. Since you tried to break the rules and pee, I get to have my own nice little piss in this urinal". Matt nodded in agreement.

With that Kelly began to unzip her jeans as she approached a urinal. "I'm sure it'll be more interesting for Matt if one of us girls can pee during the contest, and the other girl hasn't peed in several days. This will feel SO good after all that soda I had during class" Kelly said playfully.

"Please don't do that in front of me!" Zora whined. But then she heard another person urinating, and looked to her right, to see Matt pissing in a second urinal. The sound of water hitting the urinal soon doubled as Kelly joined him with her own piss.

The onslaught of two people pissing right next to her was too much for Zora. She felt herself starting to leak as she desperately tried to lift the locked toilet lid. This time it somehow opened without the key. Zora hurried to rip her jeans down to her knees and plop herself down on the toilet seat. It would feel so good to let loose her boiling load of pent up piss! But Zora's jeans refused to budge, her zipper was stuck! Zora frantically tried to get her zipper to open, then frantically tried to just rip her jeans down, but it was no use, they refused to budge. Piss was beginning to run down Zora's legs, Zora's boiling load of pent up piss refused to be held back any longer!

And then Zora mercifully woke up, squirming desperately, but still dry.

*011*2017-12-17 05:41

Thanks for the comments guys. Melifcentfan & wedgentilles you two are the reason I decided I really ought to take a break on the story I was currently working on to finish Kelly's dream short story. I think I'm finally satisfied with it enough to post it, so here it is.

===

The Desperate Dreams Intermission

Kelly's Dream:

Kelly meanwhile slept as soundly as a girl with a bladder as burstingly full as her's could manage. She didn't wake up during the night, but she also had a dream about needing to pee really badly brought on by her full bladder.

Kelly was in a large indoors gymnasium back at college, and the bleachers were packed with what looked like nearly everyone in the college. But the crowd wasn't there to watch a sports game, they were there to watch a beer drinking marathon contest between Kelly and her arch-rival Zora. Each round a large pile of bottles & cans of beer were placed before both women. The more rounds each woman had won, the more extra bottles of beer they had in their pile to drink in future rounds. Whenever Zora or Kelly won the round by drinking all their beer before their opponent they would win $100.

Unlike real life where her and Zora gotten a several hour break between the drinking contests, there was barely any break at all in between the beer contests in Kelly's dream. There were also no bathroom breaks whatsoever during the beer drinking marathon, unless the referee said otherwise. Kelly was getting very desperate for a bathroom break, the contest had been going on for three days already in her dream, and the referee hadn't given her or Zora a single bathroom break. Members of the audience were surely making bets on when Kelly and Zora would pee themselves from all the beer they had been drinking.

But the lack of a bathroom break and her desperate need to pee weren't what made the dream a nightmare for Kelly. It was that Zora had consistently been humiliating her by winning all the rounds of the beer drinking contests. Each time she won Zora would arrogantly ask to be given more extra beer to drink in all future rounds then the rules called for, "to keep things interesting", and "to really earn my $100 winnings". Zora looked at Kelly like a predator looks at its pray, and announced "I may have to drink triple beer you do in the next round Kelly, but I'm confident it won't hinder my ability to beat you yet again".

Her blood boiling now, Kelly told Zora "you'll regret that arrogance when I crush you woman".

"Oh maybe I'll regret it later" replied Zora in a mock boredom voice, "but only when all that extra beer I've volunteered to drink hits my iron bladder and makes me have to pee a lot worse. I won't lose to you in this beer drinking contest".

The referee soon brought out 4 massive jugs of beer, 1 for Kelly, and 3 for Zora, and told Zora and Kelly to start drinking. Kelly felt her bursting bladder getting more and more desperate as she drank. Kelly had worn loose fitting jeans, and comfortable sneakers to try to make things a bit easier on herself, even if she knew it wasn't the hottest outfit she had. But right now Kelly's outfit didn't seem to be helping her. Kelly's bladder was so bulged out with several days of drinking that even her loose jeans were squeezing down ruthlessly hard on her rock hard bladder bulge. Kelly couldn't help but squirm around desperately with one hand jammed into her pussy as she tried to drink the beer as quickly as possible.

But Zora's bladder must surely be in a much worse state from all the extra beer she's had the last few days Kelly found herself hoping as she drank. Unlike Kelly, Zora's outfit went for looking hot and sexy over being practical for the several day long holding contest they were having. Zora had tight skinny jeans on, which no doubt were getting even tighter as Zora's bladder filled up with loads of boiling hot piss. They had to be squeezing Zora's rock hard bladder bulge even more ruthlessly than Kelly's jeans were. Worse yet, Zora had gone for a pair of sexy 6 inch high heels for her footwear, with her bladder so full each step had to be torture on Zora in those things, what had she been thinking to wear them Kelly wondered.

Kelly glanced at Zora, and saw her squirming around in desperation, a fist jammed into her pussy, urgently needing to expel her bladder's heavy load of hot pent up piss. Kelly smiled for a brief moment at her arch rival suffering from her own arrogance catching up to her from all the extra beer she had drank the last few days. But Kelly knew she was also in trouble soon if she didn't get a bathroom break. She began squirming around even more urgently than Zora was. Kelly prayed she could release her boiling load of pent up piss soon.

Kelly finally finished drinking from her massive jug of beer, only to be shocked to realize that Zora had finished drinking from all 3 of her massive jugs of beer already. Kelly was pissed off yet again at losing, but she didn't have time to be angry when the referee started talking.

"Alright ladies listen up" said the referee. "This beer drinking marathon has been going on for several days now without either of you being offered a chance for a pee break. This is going to be your first chance to visit the ladies room and take a pee break in several days. Take it if you want, it's up to you. But be warned this is going to be your first and only chance for a pee break for at least the next week. So think long and hard if you really want to break the seal or not".

Kelly didn't need to be told twice, without even looking at Zora she bolted from the room and towards the ladies room. Regardless of the risks of breaking the seal coming back to haunt her later, Kelly simply had to pee now! For a moment Kelly thought sweet relief was in sight as she ran inside the ladies room, until she saw the state of the ladies room. There were only two stalls, both had urine all over their toilet seat and the floor from the last person, as if she had missed the toilet bowl entirely. Both stalls were also out of toilet paper. Disgusted, Kelly went to grab some paper towels, only to realize that there weren't any, there was only a hand dryer.

Before Kelly could decide what to do in her dream Zora joined her in the ladies room, while drinking from a modestly sized bottle of beer. Kelly felt an extra added pang of desperation at the sight of Zora's unnecessary drinking, and the thought of how much worse off Zora's bursting bladder must be with all the extra beer she had consumed. "Zora, someone made a disgusting mess peeing all over the place, and she used up all the toilet paper!" Kelly informed her as she fidgeted around like mad, desperately gripping her pussy for dear life.

Zora rolled her eyes as if that news were only a slight inconvenience to her. "Oh well then, I guess we won't be peeing during this break" shrugged Zora calmly, barely even squirming despite the much heavier load of pent up boiling piss sitting in her bladder. "It's no big deal for me, I was debating with myself not taking a pee break when they offered it anyway. I can wait for another pee break like a proper lady would when there's no sanitary toilets to use, even if it's going to be another long hard wait with a lot of drinking until we get a chance to pee again".

Kelly felt unnerved by her rival's sudden calm demeanor and confidence, Zora had been squirming around madly in desperation just like Kelly a minute ago. Surely this was a bluff Kelly thought, as her own bladder begged for relief that she had no way to give it, short of shamefully peeing on the floor. Zora had to be under a tremendous strain keeping her bursting bladder's dam shut, no matter how calmly she acted outwardly, just thinking about it made Kelly even more desperate. Maybe deep down Zora knew she couldn't beat Kelly's iron bladder, so she wanted to give herself a credible excuse for losing the battle of the iron bladders to Kelly that would make Zora look like the real winner. What better excuse for that then for Zora to not pee while Kelly did? That had to be it, of course Kelly desperately thought!. "Oh, well if you aren't going to take a pee break either I'll be fine with waiting to" Kelly said, calling Zora's bluff.

Kelly's arch rival practically laughed right in her face. "I see right through you Kelly, you can't hold it much longer. You're bursting to release several days worth of pent up boiling piss, just like me, but thanks to the filthy state of the ladies room you can't. Worse yet, you know that even though I've had a lot more beer then you I can still hold it for a while longer, unlike you" she said.

Kelly felt herself getting more desperate by the second as she watched Zora take a long gulp from her beer bottle. It was like the more Zora tortured herself and filled her bladder the more desperate Kelly got in this dream.

"Go ahead, drop your jeans and piss on the floor like a dog would, rather than a bladder queen" Zora laughed. "That's the only way it looks like you're getting a pee break in here Kelly. I'll even watch while continuing to hold my own boiling flood of pent up piss back, which is bursting to come out of my pussy right now. Is that enough of a handicap on me for you to make this competition interesting?".

That taunting got Kelly's blood boiling. She would make Zora pay dearly for her arrogance. Kelly tried to make her way out of the ladies room, but each step was agony on her unrelieved bladder, increasing her desperate need tenfold. Zora moved rapidly in her 6 inch high heels to block the door.

"Are you sure you really want to make that mistake?" Zora asked as she waved her half empty bottle of beer in front of her, the beer sloshing around just like the urine in Kelly's bursting bladder. The reminder of all the beer she had drank sent renewed jolts of desperation through her whole body. "A pee would feel really good right now, with all that beer sloshing around in both our poor bladders, wouldn't it Kelly? It's not easy to hold it in these tight skinny jeans and uncomfortable 6 inch high heels. I really have to pee bad right now, I don't know if I'd be able to resist the urge and hold it any longer if you started to pee in front of me Kelly".

Kelly wanted to bravely turn the sink's faucet on full force to watch Zora piss her arrogant self from the sight of running water, just so that she could retort "I guess you couldn't resist the urge any longer, even without me peeing a drop". It would be such a satisfying way to show the arrogant woman who the real bladder queen was. But she couldn't. The agony of Kelly's bursting bladder finally became too much for her just as Zora predicted. Kelly began to piss her jeans in the ladies room, right in front of Zora.

"Well that'll sure be embarrassing" laughed dream Zora, "I told you to pee on the floor, not in your jeans. Just wait until the crowd sees you pissed yourself during the break". Kelly tried to regain control, but it was no use, the pee began to gush out of her even faster. Zora had to step back to avoid standing in Kelly's growing puddle of urine. "By the way, you heard the referee, this is my only chance to pee for at least another week. I'm already dying to pee right now, but unlike you I'm still going to keep holding it and skip my pee break, just to prove how weak your pathetic bladder is" Zora added with snark.

Before Kelly's nightmare could continue any longer, Kelly woke up frantically desperate, but somehow still dry.
