The Swimming Paradise - Tatiana in her spandex

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-31 00:04

Tatiana was very happy and whistling in her spandex as she walked through her living room. Finally she knew she was bisexual. Rob was the only man she'd had sexual feelings for until now, and she'd told him so. But she wasn't sure and that made it difficult. Because what if she made a mistake and had to tell Rob that it was a one-time thing. Despite fearing that he might break the friendship, she'd told him what was on her mind. Rob had been very open-minded and wouldn't break the friendship. For the first time she had made love to a man. It was a fantastic experience. Okay, her crotch has been sensitive for a week, but she was happy to pay for it.

She had an appointment with Rob tonight to talk about the project in Croatia and she knew she wouldn't be allowed to pee until they got home. Then he wants sex while she has a full bladder.

She has often filled her bladder for him before and she enjoyed it herself. Unless she had to hold back her morning pee, which was hell. Rob is her best friend and she cared a lot for him. He was heavy-handed and often squeezed her breasts and nipples hard. Even when he went into her pussy with his fingers, he does it rudely. That's why she preferred to have sex with a woman because they are a lot softer and she can enjoy that. Tonight they had arranged to meet at a diner where Rob is going to tell her his plans and how he thought of getting investors. He would also tell her what her tasks will be during this project.

It was typical Dutch weather, bleak and cold that's why Tatiana wore her too tight black spandex under her red bodycon dress. She stood in front of the mirror and looked proudly at her body. This morning she had done yoga and went for a run in the park. My breasts are so tight in this spandex, I hope they don't hurt too much, she thought. She closed the door behind her and made her way to the diner. Bah, what a nasty weather, she thought as she stood at the bus stop. She felt that her bladder was also cold and that she had to pee a little but she paid little attention to it. She can drink a lot and hold it long before she gets into trouble. Her nipples were rock hard and poked through the tight spandex. This is very tight, she thought, but she wanted to show Rob her feminine curves.

She stepped into the small separate room of the diner where Rob had already set up his laptop. There was plenty of food and drink on the table and the room was nicely decorated. Shall we start right away, I asked Tatiana. Yes that's good Rob because I'm very curious.

I already told you that I need about 10 million Euros for this investment. If you look at the slideshow, you can see what I want to spend the money on. I have had the images made three dimensional to get a good impression. It's beautiful, Tatiana said, finishing her glass and putting some salad on her plate. I see you want to furnish the diving cave with shipwrecks too, she said. Indeed, I want to equip the cave for both professional and amateur divers. I hope your father will advise me because he knows the trade better than anyone. We need to make the project as functional as possible to attract as much audience as possible.

That's how I think about it too Rob, we can use the aquarium for as many underwater sports as possible in addition to synchronized swimming and the mermaid shows. It would be helpful if the bottom could move. That's a good idea Tatiana, I said and immediately took notes.

Let's have something to eat and drink, I suggested. Tatiana poured us both a drink. You look beautiful Tatiana, I said. Her eyes were shining because her body was everything to her, thank you Rob, I'm glad you like it.

Tatiana drank from her glass and asked, what tasks do you have in mind for me. That will be very diverse Tatiana, I think the most important thing is that I can use you as an interpreter, both verbally and in writing. But I also need your help mathematically. You will have to deal with contracts that demand immediate action. Then I have to trust that you make the right decisions. I'd like you to do the PR. In addition, I would like it if you want to work as a hostess. You then hear a lot of things that people do not want or cannot say in English. And I can't go to the bathroom, she joked. That's true, I replied, but you enjoy that.

Tatiana smiled, do you want to hire me as a staff or do you want to hire me as a self-employed person? What do you want, I asked, I prefer to start cautiously as an employee and maybe want to work as a self-employed person later. Is that a problem?

Not at all, I replied, it seems the most logical decision to me. Any idea what you want to earn, keep in mind that you occupy a very important place within the project. I don't know Rob I have no experience with that at all, she poured another glass of water. I sold the shop well and have never had so much money Rob.

That's not important Tatiana, you have to put that money back into your development if you want to grow further. You have to learn to separate business and private that is important.

I'll write on a note how much I want to pay you. Please note, it is a competitive salary that suits your position. I took a piece of paper and wrote down the amount and put it upside down on the table. Now you must state your amount for what you think you are worth in this position. Don't think about being friends that will prevent problems later. She took another sip of water and thought hard, I can be deployed both as a contract manager, as a financial employee or as a public relations employee. I also don't rule out having to use my feminine talents when it comes out, she summed up. Very good Tatiana, because do you think how much that is worth? I want to have €1500 a week for that Rob and if you are still satisfied with me after six months, I want a 10% pay increase.

I laughed and turned the note over. There was €1500 all in per week on it. I'm glad we're thinking the same amount, Tatiana. Me too, Tatiana said but what do you mean by all-in? That means I don't pay overtime or expenses. Of course I do take into account what kind of expenses. I understand that, Tatiana said, but I do want that 10% after six months.

We have a deal Tatiana, but know that I think it is important that you follow the necessary training. Let's toast to it, I poured her two glasses of water and only one for myself. We clinked the glasses and drank them empty. We each had a few more toasts as I continued with the presentation. Look here come the terraces, which are placed in such a way that every visitor can see what is happening. The idea is that all waitresses will serve in bathing suits or bikinis. Mostly young people will come, so we have to focus on that. It will be one big water paradise where as many water sports as possible will be practiced.

Rob it looks fantastic and as the project progresses we will come up with more ideas. But how do you want to have all that made and do you have enough space? I think so Tatiana, because I bought all the land around the restaurant. A lot will have to be done, but at the moment finding investors is the most important. Do you want to go to Croatia for that, she asked curiously.

We'll have to, I said, showing the next slide. The slide showed a beautiful boat, I bought this boat to live on when I am in Croatia. What a beautiful boat, Tatiana said. Yes and you are very welcome, but I would also like you to find your own living space in Croatia. I will ask my parents if I can sleep in the converted barn for that long.

Doesn't that give false expectations, I asked.

No, my parents understand very well that I have a life of my own and I also really enjoy being around them. I have to apologize to Tatiana because I need to go to the toilet. Yes, of course, go on, this girl is also very necessary now, but it will stop.

Do you need to pee now, I asked. Yes my bladder is getting fuller and the spandex I am wearing is very tight and that doesn't help either. It is indeed quite tight because your breasts are pretty flattened, I noticed.

When I came back from the toilet I poured her another water and asked, which car would you like to have to drive around Croatia? A white Mini Countryman Convertible, she answered immediately.

Yes that is indeed a nice car to drive around in, I said and handed her the remote.

Just look at the next slide and Tatiana used the remote. A beautiful white Mini Countryman convertible special edition appeared on the screen.

It will be delivered to your parents before you get there. She got all excited and got up to hug me. I felt the tight spandex under her bodycon dress. That feels good, I said while rubbing her back, yes I think so too, Tatiana said. But my breasts feel a little less comfortable in it. I can't tell from them because your nipples are proudly poking through your spandex and challenging me.

Are there any other things you would like to discuss, I asked her. Tatiana thought for a moment and replied, when do you think we'll go to Croatia?

I expect that we will have to travel that way next month because then we will have the first consultation with an investor that I have already approached. It's the company your father worked for and they are very interested in investing in them so that they can have their own safe environment to train their novice divers.

I propose that we close the business part of the evening and provide the necessary relaxation. I bought cinema tickets for tonight for a beautiful nature film. It is a film about the origin of the falls. How surprising, Tatiana said with a laugh and meanwhile I can hold my own waterfall. I rubbed her bladder firmly and felt that there was still something to add. A little calm Rob because my bladder is not completely empty after a few hours of drinking. Yeah but I can feel your spandex through your dress and that's so nice. I grabbed her breasts and gently twisted her nipples. They're looking forward to it tonight, I said. Yes, but they feel very trapped in this spandex, Tatiana said.

We were queuing at the entrance to the cinema when Tatiana crossed her legs for the first time. I'm starting to feel my bladder now Rob. That sounds like music to my ears, I said as we walked in. When we got to the bar I ordered a drink for us to take into the room.

I had bought tickets for the relaxation room where you do not sit in the chairs but lie halfway. The screen is higher than normal and the images and sound are of excellent quality. In this way I could also see Tatiana well and rub her stomach and thighs. I was sure she understood my intent but said nothing more and lay down next to me.

If you want something to drink, I can order something now, I told her. I'm really looking forward to a big glass of beer, Rob.

Can your bladder tolerate that, I asked, almost concerned. She will have to because if I have an accident with my spandex, the pee will come out at my breasts. Bah, then make sure you don't have an accident, I said and ordered a large beer.

The movie started and you could hear the falls as if they were right next to you. It was great but after about half an hour I felt Tatiana get restless next to me. Rob my bladder is really starting to push now. That is annoying for you and gently stroked her belly and crotch. Luckily we were in the back row so no one could see us from behind.

I felt the Lycra fabric of her spandex tighten around her bulging bladder. She squeezed her crotch with one hand and said, it's getting serious now Rob. That's from that beer, I said.

I drank a lot more than that one beer, you know that too, she sees slightly irritated. And that rubbing my crotch and blowing what you're doing just makes it worse. You'll have to learn to live with it because I won't stop. That's what I thought and kept her mouth shut. The rushing water from the falls didn't do her bladder any good either. I felt her squeezing hard and I continued to massage her crotch gently. It was recess, I wish I could pee now Rob because my bladder is starting to hurt. I now began to gently knead her breasts and thought.

All right, I said, let's go downstairs and you'll get in line at the ladies restroom. I have 2 small identical boxes here and 1 contains a coin. You may choose 1 box and only open it when it is your turn to go to the toilet. Once the coin is in you can go pee. If the coin isn't in, then you step out of the line and I can slow you down however I want and you hold your pee without contradiction.

I showed her the open boxes and in 1 box was a coin. I took the boxes and closed my palms and held them in front of me. Take your pick, I said. Convinced that she made the right choice, she took the box from my right hand. It was an old magic trick I learned in elementary school. We got up and I saw that Tatiana was really pinching. I rubbed her back some more.

I'm glad I can pee, she sees. My breasts are also going to hurt because they have been crammed into this way too tight spandex for hours. We walked down and saw the huge line at the ladies toilets. That too and my bladder is already so full, she sighed. It won't be an easy task to take off your spandex in that tiny cubicle, I said. That will indeed be difficult because with my enormously full bladder I am not as flexible as usual.

The line slowly narrowed and Tatiana was squeezing harder and harder and dancing like a little girl. Finally she was at the entrance and picked up the box. Convinced she had the right one, she opened it. What the fuck, she cried as she opened the box. It's empty, show me your box Rob because this can't be done. You're an unfair loser, I said. Show me your box, she said briskly.

I took the box out of my pocket and handed it to her. She opened it and saw the coin inside. Ooh, my poor bladder she whined, it's so full it gives me goosebumps.

We walked back to our seats and I asked if she wanted another drink. Give me a Coke because I guess I can't refuse, she said. I ordered 2 cokes and lay down again. The lights went out and the movie continued. I started rubbing her bladder again and felt that it was very hard. Are you going to make it home, I asked teasingly. I think so, Tatiana said, but my bladder will be very heavy. Especially if you keep rubbing my crotch like this because you keep touching my pee hole that gets more sensitive every minute.

Gently I started squeezing her breasts too. They are quite locked up Rob and are now really hurting. Being a woman isn't always easy, I said. Certainly not when I'm with a man because they are sometimes so rude, she replied.

Sorry I can't help it, the fabric of your spandex turns me on. I started rubbing her crotch again while Tatiana was tossing and turning in her chair, she could hardly take it anymore, her bladder and breasts hurt and at the same time she almost came. She hadn't been to the bathroom in hours and knew this was going to take a long time. Finally the movie was over, the sweat was on her forehead. We walked through the crowds past the ladies toilets where a lot of legs were crossed waiting. Look, I said to Tatiana all women who have to pee. That never bothers you, I said teasingly. Tatiana squeezed her groin once and walked on. Finally we were outside and a cold wind was still blowing. Brr the cold doesn't do my bladder any good Rob and she ran like a speed walker to the car. It didn't look charming the way she walked there, but I didn't care. I knew that her bladder was completely full and that she had almost reached her limit.

We got into the car and she squeezed her crotch again. Slowly I drove through the streets of Rotterdam, Rob can you please drive a little faster I've been holding my pee for hours and have been drinking a lot. And you're horny, I told her and started rubbing her crotch. What a fine fabric it is that you feel every curve through it, I said. Yes Tatiana said I can't deny that I like it too and her buttocks tightened.

She came and the pressure on her bladder was enormous. Oh yeah, she gasped more but I pulled my hand off her pussy because I had to drive into the garage. We got out and she started unbuttoning her dress. I saw for the first time how her breasts were crammed into the very tight spandex. My cock was throbbing with excitement when I saw her standing there dressed only in her spandex. Would you help me take off my spandex, Rob. I can't do that with this super full bladder. Sorry, I said stuttering with excitement, you have to hold it for a while. Tatiana looked at me frustrated but did as I asked her. We lay down on the bed and I started kissing her deeply and squeezing her breasts hard. Her breasts that had been stuffed for hours had become super sensitive. And Tatiana made that clear too.

She tried to get out of my grasp but I wouldn't let it. I started rubbing her pussy again, touching her clitoris and pee hole. She came again and I made her pant. With great effort I took off her spandex and saw a beautiful body lying next to me. You are so beautiful Tatiana, I said as I stand behind the bed. I grabbed her by the hips and she opened her legs smoothly. I hope I can hold it up Rob. Because my bladder is filled to its limit. I saw the huge ball that rose above her belly button.

That sounds like music to my ears, I said and put my cock in her pussy. Oh no Rob, I'm not going to keep this up my bladder is too full. Squeeze harder, I said, and don't talk so much. I felt her start squeezing harder and that made me even more horny. I put more and more force and Tatiana looked up. She was sitting on my hips with her legs tightly wrapped around me. I felt her cum and soon after I came too. We lay down next to each other, panting, and I kissed her. Thanks for this great evening, I said. Completely mutual but now I'm going to empty my bladder first.

I heard her empty her bladder with a loud jet. It seemed to go on forever, but she finally came to the bedroom. What beautiful breasts you have and I grabbed them firmly but lovingly. Yes they are happy out of that tight suit because they really hurt, Tatiana said.

Slowly we fell asleep and I thanked life for all my blessings.

