ChatGPT writting omo stories!

Author: Finn is Sleepy

*000*2023-03-08 16:42

Out of curiosity I tried to make ChatGPT write omo stories, you can manage it as long as you find words that the bot doesnt consider inappropriate xD (which is sometimes odd, as he considers a "bathroom accident" potentially offensive but not "peeing his pants" haha) the stories are relatively simple, but the wording works wonders! Here's an example:

"David was a typical high school student, with all the worries and anxieties that come with teenage life. One day, he woke up with a nervous feeling in his stomach that he couldn't shake off. It was the day of his big math test, and he had been studying for weeks, but he still didn't feel confident. As he got ready for school, he couldn't shake off the feeling of dread that had settled in his gut.

When he arrived at school, David tried to push the feeling to the back of his mind and focus on his studies. He sat down in his math class and waited for the test to begin. As the teacher handed out the test papers, David felt a sudden urge to use the bathroom. He tried to ignore it and focus on the test, but the urge grew stronger and stronger.

David shifted in his seat, trying to hold it in, but it was no use. Suddenly, to his horror, he felt warm liquid spreading across his lap. He had peed himself in class. The other students stared in disbelief as David sat frozen, not sure what to do. The teacher rushed over and tried to help him, but it was too late. David was humiliated.

For the rest of the day, David was the subject of cruel jokes and laughter from his classmates. He was too embarrassed to even leave the classroom, and he knew that everyone would be talking about him for days to come. It was the worst day of his life, and he wished he could just disappear.

But over time, David learned to laugh at himself and move past the incident. He realized that everyone makes mistakes, and that it was just a small blip in the grand scheme of things. He focused on his studies and his relationships with his friends and family, and eventually, the memory of that embarrassing day faded away."

