Fluttershy's two hour test

Author: Flutterwet

*000*2016-08-11 13:00

This is my first try at an omorashi fanfiction so constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated. I decided to make Fluttershy my main focus for my stories.

"Ok class. This is a two hour exam. As it is a hot day, we will supply you with water throughout the test. However, there will be no bathroom breaks. Nobody can leave the classroom until the time is up. Good luck. The test begins in three, two, one."

Fluttershy was sat in her maths class taking a test. She was normally good at maths, but the heat was getting to her head and making her thirsty. Her mouth was as dry as a desert but she knew that she had to ignore the water as she had a very weak bladder. She tried to think but she was getting very dehydrated. She saw other students drinking and couldn't resist the water. As soon as the cool liquid touched her lips, she couldn't stop. Before she knew it, she had drunk the whole bottle. Now that her main thought was out of the way, she could concentrate on the test.

"Class, you still have an hour and a half left to do the exam, so use your time well."

As soon as the teacher disrupted Fluttershy's thinking, she realised that she had to go, bad. She began tapping her foot to try and lessen the need. Good thing that she had no water left to tempt her. She felt the liquid sloshing around in her stomach, making her more desperate by the second. Every minute felt like an eternity. However,she had dealt with much worse before so she managed to dismiss her desperation and continue with the test, nevertheless, with less concentration.

"You have one hour left to finish the test."

One hour. ONE HOUR. The words hit her like a bullet. How was she supposed to hold it for one hour? She was already struggling. She began to fidget in her chair, tears pricking at her eyes. The pain in her abdomen was killing her. She watched the teacher handing out more bottles of water. It was awful to see other students glugging down full bottles. No matter how desperate she was, she couldn't deny her thirst. She didn't know whether to continue holding her pee or to deal with her thirst. After hard thought, she decided that one sip couldn't hurt. She immediately regretted her desicion. The pressure in her bladder was unbearable. She groaned slightly and bit down on her lip. She bit down so hard that it began bleeding. She shook as the red liquid trickled down her lip. The pain wasn't enough to distract her from her need.

"Fluttershy, would you like a tissue? Your lip is bleeding"

Fluttershy could manage nothing more than a slight nod in response. She held the tissue on her lip and felt the liquid expanding over the tissue. She imagined doing the same to her jeans and panties. She was wearing her lucky panties with her favourite jeans. Her panties were white with a pink butterfly across the front and her jeans were light yellow, so if she released, it would be very noticeable. Her hand shot down to her crotch and she began to press down, giving her a little relief. She knew that she had to hold it.

"Ok class, You have half an hour left to finish the exam."

Fluttershy was reaching her limits. She was about to burst at any minute. She felt a pain in her abdomen worse than anything she had felt before. Both hands shot down and pressed hard on her crotch and she began to cross her legs. She couldn't let go. A girl of her age, wetting herself! It was too embarrassing to even think about. The thought made her determined to hold on, no matter how hard it was. She was squirming where she sat, in pain and in horror. What if she didn't make it in time. She prayed that class would be over soon. The tears in her eyes threatened to fall and she squeezed her legs tighter together. Two or three squirts came out, dampening her panties and making her scared. She pressed harder on her crotch and managed to stop the flow before it was noticeable. She wanted class to be over.

"Students! Pens down in three, two, one! Stand behind your chairs."

Fluttershy stood up and she felt a wave of relief wash over her. The toilets were only one corridor away. She was going to make it.

BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRING!

Fluttershy squealed in surprise at the bell. Warm jets of urine began running down her legs, spreading out and darkening her jeans. Her bladder forced more of its contents out, soaking her legs, tiny trails escaping into her shoes. The tears began falling silently down her cheeks as a puddle formed underneath her, accompanied by an audible hissing. She peed for what felt like an eternity, her face as red as a tomato. Her trousers and panties were ruined. There was no escape from the embarassment. She felt everyone's eyes piercing into her. She was horrified. She thought she'd be relieved to let go, but this was her worst nightmare. A girl of her age, peed her pants in class. She collapsed to the floor and broke out in loud, noisy sobs. This was the worst day that she had ever had.

