The Dutiful Housewife

Author: fullbladder

*000*2019-08-17 18:27

Katherine anxiously bit her lip as she waited for her husband to come into view. Her hands rested on her wide hips, just below where her frilly sky-blue blouse tucked into her navy-blue skirt. She squinted into the sunlight- it had been a smart move to don Barry’s spare hat. Hers didn’t block out the Oklahoma sun as well.

“A dutiful housewife keeps her house tidy.” Her late mother’s words echoed in her head. Katherine only hoped she would get the chance to do that today. She took a break from staring at the hill a hundred yards away and scanned the scene around her. Five hay beds had been set up with bedsheets and five ladies were eagerly waiting for their chance to prove they could keep their house in order. Folks from all around had travelled into Hopsdale to witness this once-in-a-lifetime event.

There had been plenty of whispers about why the local saloon owner had decided to promote something like this, but no one was complaining. Business was booming all over town this week and everyone was excited to see the show. Over two dozen married ladies had thrown their names into hat a week ago, with the hopes of winning free Sunday dinners at the saloon for a full year. Katherine’s name had been the sixth drawn, after it was revealed the original fifth contestant wasn’t actually married.

Katherine snuck a peek at her childhood friend, Anne. She had one leg crossed over the other, as her petite body rocked back and forth. Katherine felt a bit sorry for her- her bladder was too small to have any chance at winning. Growing up, Anne had peed herself a number of times on their walk home from school together. Katherine had been in a few desperate predicaments too, but she had never been shy about popping a squat on the side of the road, no matter how many schoolboys were around.

Katherine took a moment to evaluate her own bladder. She felt a slight need to pee, but nothing urgent. The women had been standing out in the sun for nearly two hours now, as their husbands downed six frosty pints at the saloon. With their pants chained shut, the men were required to walk a mile to the contest area, where their wives would unlock them. Any visible wetness on a man’s pants would eliminate that couple.

A cheer arose in the distance- the men were coming! Katherine focused on the hobbling, drunken figures in the distance, trying to make out her husband. She was quite concerned that he wouldn’t make it to her without wetting himself. He had drunkenly peed their bed a few times over the years. Once, after a really rough night at the bar, he had showed up home in drenched pants. He later explained that he had been too hammered to get his dick out to pee on a tree on the walk home.

As more silhouettes appeared, Katherine discovered Barry was at the back, carefully approaching with his hand clutching his groin. The first man approaching was in a real panic, moving quickly to get to his wife before the inevitable happened. Just as he got to her, he groaned helplessly. She tried to squeeze a hand in between his arms to access the lock, but it was too late. Wet streaks ran down his legs and a puddle formed beneath his frantic wife’s feet. She sighed in frustration and struck his midsection. Katherine didn’t know the couple, but she felt sympathy for both of them. She wanted to continue watching the young man’s accident, but Barry was almost there and she needed to be ready for him.

Katherine sat on the edge of her bed, ready with her key. The rules stipulated that she had to be on the bed at point of initial contact. As he arrived, she encouraged him to hold on- she knew how hard things could get when relief was so close. She felt him tremble as she carefully pulled the lock out from his hot sweaty body and tried the key. It took a few attempts as he bounced around urgently, but he managed to hold on. She diligently yanked the chain off his waist and instructed him to let go of his crotch. She observed a damp spot on his underwear as she put his organ into her mouth, just before he lost control.

The hot liquid rapidly filled her mouth. She urgently tapped her lover’s hip and felt him tense up. He just managed to slow his stream in time, so Katherine could swallow without leaking anything onto the sheets. Slowly the exercise continued, liquid leaving his body into hers. Beside them, a woman had vomited on her bed and had been eliminated by the judge. Katherine ignored the argument and kept relieving her husband, maintaining focus on not letting a single drop leak from her mouth.

Finally, he was empty. He shuddered with relief as Katherine swallowed one final gulp. She pulled up his pants and did them up again, just getting him facing up on the bed before he fell asleep from exhaustion and drunkenness. This was another rule- the judge had to be able to see if a bedwetting occurred. Katherine felt bloated after drinking so much in a short time. The taste of her husband’s pee was still in her mouth, but she was still alive… and only two other couples remained.

With their husbands bedded, the ladies were allowed to leave the vicinity of their beds. However, first they had to strip down to their undergarments. Katherine felt a thousand eyes watching her, as she purposefully removed articles of clothing. She had made sure her white bloomers were clean and well ironed that morning. However, she knew she didn’t look her best with a bulging tummy. “A full tummy which will soon become a full bladder,” she thought to herself.

The scantly clad women gathered at a small table where they were served a cold pint- it had to be finished before they could tend to their husbands again. Finishing the pint was a careful balance. The ladies couldn’t drink too quickly and throw up the huge volume of liquid they had just consumed. They also couldn’t drink too slowly, since their partner might pee himself before they got back. Katherine knew she had about fifteen more minutes before Barry grew desperate again.

They drank over light conversation. Anne didn’t speak much, undoubtedly already feeling mounting pressure from her tiny bladder. Jane, the other woman was curvier, like Katherine. She had moved to Hopsdale three months ago. Despite being her competition, Katherine quickly developed a liking to her. In addition to being a good conversationist, she was very attractive, especially in her lacy pink bloomers.

With rapidly filling bladders, drinking took longer than expected. Anne was clutching herself through her underwear as she struggled to finish her drink. Katherine knew she would never do that in front of so many people unless it was an absolute emergency. She took a moment to admire her friend shuffling back to her husband- she was absolutely bursting. It wouldn’t be long before she had an accident.

Barry groaned in his sleep and grabbed his cock. Katherine immediately sprang to attention and chugged the rest of her pint. Standing up so quickly almost caused her to leak into her panties, but she clutched herself and kept moving. She realized that having her husband pee into her mouth without leaking was impossible with him lying down- she had to get him up. After much pestering and shaking, he got up to his knees and peed into her mouth. As Katherine knelt bedside, she experienced a mounting vomiting sensation and desperately smacked his leg. He just managed to stem his flow and she had a few seconds to let her stomach settle down. Then, he was uncontrollably peeing again, and she was dutifully swallowing every drop.

Anne’s husband, James, was desperate too. As he added even more liquid to his poor wife’s body, she could wait no longer. She shuddered as she swallowed the last of his liquid and the struggle was over. Despite Anne’s tight grip on her womanhood, her bladder would be denied no longer. Her dam burst and hot urine flowed through her knickers, drenching her trembling hand and soiling the bed beneath. In immense relief, she pulled her mouth away from her husband’s penis and collapsed on the bed, at his feet. She continued to flood the makeshift bed, lying facedown in complete surrender.

The crowd looked on in amazement at the huge accident before them, but Jane and Katherine had to look away. Their desperation had now increased to the point where they were in serious danger of soiling their own panties. Fortunately, their husbands were relieved and wouldn’t need to pee again for a while. However, their waters were now filling their wives’ bladders at a rapid pace. Despite the women's valiant attempts to show a brave face, the growing desperation was there for everyone to see. The women openly clutched themselves, shivered as intense spasms ran through their tortured bodies, and drew sharp breaths as they struggled to maintain dignity.

Katherine was on the verge of wetting herself- she knew it. It was minutes, perhaps seconds before she disgraced herself. What had she been thinking when she had entered this contest? She was about to pee herself in front of hundreds of people and have nothing to show for it but wet panties and shame. She glanced over at Jane, who was hopping about just as badly. Her only salvation from utter humiliation was if Jane peed first.

Katherine felt herself squirt. Luckily, her cotton bloomers and clenched hands contained the liquid. No one had seen the wet spot she had just made… yet. She felt the warm wetness on her fingers and clenched tighter still, fighting to keep her pee inside her body. She knew the next squirt would be the last one- there was no way she could stop her bladder’s screaming demands again.

She had a thought about leaving the area to find a private spot to pee, but immediately dismissed it. The nearest tree was twenty yards away. She would undoubtedly lose control before she got there. Her bladder pulsed hard- it desired further relief after the initial squirt. Katherine was in the most intense pain of her life- how good it would feel to just let go! She ground her legs together and danced on the spot as her sleepy, drunk husband encouraged her. Jane was now lying beside her man screaming in agony as she clutched herself. Her butt was visible to all, so any wetness would be immediately noticed.

The most intense wave of desperation yet ran through Katherine’s strained body. It was too strong and easily overpowered its exhausted victim. Katherine gasped as a warm flood engulfed her white panties, making them transparent. It was over- she had lost. She tilted her head up to the clear blue sky as her long-held pee flowed down her curvy, muscular legs to her feet, forming a giant damp spot on the dry earth. She sighed with pure relief as the intense burden was finally lifted from her feminine body. She had lost the contest and the whole world had seen her piss her pants, but she was finally relieved.

As Katherine came to her senses, she heard voices behind her. Barry had grabbed her hand and was celebrating emphatically. She turned to see that Jane had also wet herself. Her thick legs were parted on the bed, revealing a wet spot on the gusset of her pink bloomers. The bed was absolutely soaked- there was even wetness on the ground. In a crazy turn of events, the judge had decided that Jane had begun peeing first, so Katherine was the winner!

Forgetting her still-dripping panties and clearly visible bush, Katherine pulled her husband off the bed and dragged him to his feet. They kissed, drawing cheers from the crowd. The second-place couple came over to congratulate the winners, as did the judge and, finally, the saloon owner. He presented the winning couple with a certificate for free dinners, saying that he hoped to see them that night. In mere minutes, Katherine’s panties had already dried off in the hot Oklahoma sun, so she quickly redressed and headed home with her husband.

On the lengthy walk home, Katherine needed to pee again, so she pulled up her skirt and peed through her bloomers. After all, there was no time to stop for a squat- they had a dinner to get ready for.

*003*2019-08-19 07:26

Thank you both! Encouragement is awesome :)

