Don't Stare Out the Window for more than Five Minutes at 4:30am

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2025-12-23 11:16

(Caution: Short Horror Story)

Imokay doesn't normally drink 2 tall glasses of water before bed, but she was feeling strangely dehydrated. Imokay is 25 years old, 6 foot tall, slender and fits nicely in her double D bras. Golden hair flowing down to her waistline. She thought men would be throwing themselves at her but none of them did.

Imokay likes to read horror stories before bed, the type of horror stories that often lead with abduction themes. She was flicking through one of her books and noticed one she hadn't read before. It was something about a window of death. Imokay could feel her bladder filling quickly with all the water she drank as she read the weird story.

'A being that loosely resembles human form started moving in the distant hills. Its face obscured by the lack of moonlight. Its place of origin, unknown. It had a rigid type of movement almost like a marionette but without strings. it's windy with leaves fluttering around and the sound of tree twigs tapping on the side of the house. The being strangely moves closer and closer to the window. A sort of turning carousel but in a straight line. It's face is still obscured. There is something off, way off here.'

Imokay put the story down realizing her palms had been sweating, her bladder tightening. She suddenly heard a loud tapping on her bedroom window and she went pale as a ghost. Her heart froze. It sounded more like fingers tapping on the glass instead of tree branch twigs. Imokay had to catch her breath and figured it was just her imagination running wild. All she had to do was finish the story.

'Outside in the dim dark light, the form becomes more distinct moving and shifting closer to the window. Its almost up to the window and it is a badly stretched exaggerated human form. The face was that of a beautiful woman with long flowing golden hair. She let out a high pitch shriek that pierced the night sky and through the window pane. Up to the window, it tapped hard, very hard. She stares through, putrid and grotesque, beauty of another world. It looks into the inside to your room within.

The form shrieks right in front of you, ready to grab and drag you away to its unhallowed abode beyond the dark sunless hills. Mouth broken wide, ruined teeth making a sound nothing on earth could make. The eyes melt away, it reaches through attempting to grab you, endless death pouring into your mind, heart and body. Tightness swells as your body stretches to inhuman proportions. You become it, the horror, the grotesquerie, the fiend. You go into the kitchen, pull out sharp utensils carving away the unspeakable evil coursing within.'

Imokay finishes the the story as loud banging could be heard outside the window. She looked down and realized her panties are damp with spurts of pee. Mortified, terrified, Imokay slowly creeps up to the window almost too afraid to pull up the blinds. She can't stop herself as she's trembling now. Fresh pee starts spreading down her legs. She reaches up, draws up the blinds revealing the face of death, a rotting skeletonized giant wolf-head thing growling. Imokay screamed so loud and fainted falling down into her fast growing pool of piss shooting out of her at record speed. After 5am, the ghastly vision vanished. Imokay didn't stir until 7am, with the morning sun rays.

