Cold north winter

Author: Finishuser4444

*000*2021-10-14 12:41

Note, this story will likeley not be very good, since it is one of my first stories that i have ever written, i am not a native english speaker either.

10/23/15

The snow is falling from the sky, Sandra is standing outside the airport entrance, freezing. She had been in an airplane for almost 10 hours and all she wants to be able to do is go to bed. Eventually, after around 30 minutes of waiting a White car stops outside of the entrenc. A man wearing a some sort of Winter coat with a pistol belt around his waist. "Are you Sandra Polin?" The man says, "Yes i am", Sandra answers. "Well then, get stuff and get in the car" The man answers. "How long are we going to be driving for" Sandra asks, "About 45 minutes". When they have started driving, Sandra asks "Also what is your name?"

"James, my name is James Argon"

"I almost forgot, under your seat there should be a briefcase, is it there" Sandra reaches her hand under her seat, and sureley enough it is there. "Open it" James instructs, she opens it and examines its contents, it contains a Glock 17, two magazines and a Black baseball cap with the text Police on it. "Keep the briefcase in whatever vehicle you are in, you never know when you might need it" James says.

"So, i heard you wanted to be relocated here" James says, "Well i had two choices, work here for the NCCT, or go overseas, and i chose this place" Sandra answers "Well its a bad time for you to be heading up here" Suddenly an urge to use the bathroom hits Sandra, and its not one that she can ignore. "How long do we have left untill we are there" Sandra asks, "About 15 minutes" He answers, "Well i like have to use the bathroom"

"Well then you are going to have to wait".

As they continue to drive Sandras urge keeps getting worse and worse. "You mind if i turn on the radio news?" James asks. "No do that i dont mind" Sandra answers. James moves his hand and turns on the radio.

Another 10 minutes pass by and they finally arrive at their destiation, as they aproach the building they stop at a gate. Where they are greeted by an armed security guard, James rolls down the window and the guard says "Hello sir, can i see some ID"

"Here" James answers as he hands it to him. The guard takes a look at the card and hands it back. "All god sir, you may pass". As they drive into a massive parking lot, with a large building next to it. "Well we are here" James says as he exits the vehicle. Sandra stays in the car, not wanting to let James know she has pissed herself.

*002*2021-11-03 01:10

10/24/15

2:33 AM

12 Police officers stand outside the door of an apartment, all of them dressed from top to bottom in tactical equipment. They are all waiting for the order to be given, then all of a sudden, 3 bullets are fired straight through the apartment door, the police officers return fire before entering the apartment. On the floor lies a white man with a rifle next to him, "Clear, Clear, Clear" the police officers scream as they move through the apartment, that was untill they enter the final room. "FREEZE" One of the police officers shouts to a woman standing in the corner of the room "DROP IT", "DROP THE GOD DAMN DET-" Moments later a massive explosion rips through the apartment.

2:42 AM

Sandra is awoken by the sound of her phone ringing, "Sandra, this is James, im on my way to your apartment, you have two minutes"

"What, what's going on?" Sandra responds. "I will explain on the way" James says before hanging up, Sandra jumps out of bed in order to get her clothes on, she puts on her shoes, and grabs the briefcase James gave her. She puts on her shoes, walks out the door and locks it before rushing down the staircase. When she steps out into the cold night, She sees a police car drive past her and continue onward. Then, James car shows up, Sandra gets in, and he starts driving, "Sandra, there has been an explosion at 16th Saviero Street, 11 police officers and 2 civilians so far confirmed to be dead, too many injured to count."

James says, "What the hell..." She answers, in a shocked tone. "Everyone with Counter Terrorism is being called in, we are heading over to the National operations center, you will be informed further when you are there, also try not to pee on my car seat again" James says, "Well im really sorry about that, did you like... You know, tell anyone?" Sandra says, "No I did not tell anyone, thats why I had to clean it myself." He responds

After around 10 minutes of driving they reach the National operations center, a giant skyscraper standing 360 meters high and 120 floors, there armed guards are standing everywhere, James parks the car and they both get out. When they reach the entrance James identifies himself and tells the guard that Sandra is with him, and they both continue towards the elevators. "Sandra, take the elevator to floor 72. Counter Terrorism have their operations central there. Ask for a man named Connor Tyson. He will inform you about everything." James says. Before he walk off.

When Sandra reaches the 72nd floor, she sees people walking around everywhere, people speaking in phones, Sandra also sees a large television, it is playing the news "We here at the CNN are broadcasting directly from ground zero in Ploria city, as you can see behind us the building is still on fire after and it has partially collapsed. Now the firefighters are pulling back from the si-" The broadcast cuts to black before a message is displayed on the screen. It reads :

NATIONAL EMERGENCY ALERT SYSTEM, THE REFORMED RED ARMY FACTION INTERUPTS THE FOLLOWING BROADCAST FOR AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE. THE REFORMED RED ARMY FACTION CLAIMS RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DETONATION AT 16TH SAVIERO STREET AT APPROXIMATLEY 2:35 AM. MORE LIBERATION EVENTS WILL TAKE PLACE UNTILL THE FACIST STATE IS DISSOLVED. THIS MESSAGE WILL NOW REPEAT. Everyone is silent for a couple of moments, before the chaos in the room returns.

Meanwhile, 20 Miles Southwest of Ploria City

"Dont worry Miranda, you will go down in history as a brave woman fighting for the liberation of the world, you will be rememberd by every generation to come." A man says. "But what if i dont succeed? What if they arrest me. You have told me what they will do to me if i get caught". The woman, whos name is Miranda says. "You wont fail, sleep well tonight, tommorow we will get started."

*004*2021-12-11 21:56

10/30/15

"Where are we going?" Sandra asked, "To the National Assembly" James answers. "What are we doing there?" Sandra says. "I will be recomending the Prime minister to Mobilize the National Defence Commannd." James responds. "What, Why, You can't just Deploy the NDC." Sandra says, in a confused tone. "I cant tell you the reason why, not untill the Prime Minister has authorised the deployment." James says. "Alright, how many will be attending this?" Sandra asks. "There will be around 300 Governmental officials, Maybe 100 Police officers, And maybe 100 Journalists i think, so around 500 People in total."

5:38 PM

"During the month of october in 2015, 12 Acts of Terror have been carried out in this Nation, these incidents have combined resulted in 228 Deaths and More than 9000 Injured, the situation has escalated to a level that The Standard law enforcement and National Counter terrorism Command are not equipted trained, or capable of handeling, and that is the reasion why i am recomending you, Mr prime minister to Authorise the mobilization of The National Defence Command, I am also recomending you to activate Response Plan 9753, which involves Arming Every Law enforcement officer in this Nation.

If Response plan 9753 would be activated, all Law enforcement officers will Be authorised to carry Firearms for 5 months following the activation of The response plan, after that time has expired the response plan will either be renewed or it will expire. Thank you, Mr Prime Minister" James says into a microphone, after which he sits down. Sandra didn't hear any of that, all she can focus on is her full bladder. She leans over to James and Whispers into his ear "Can i get up to use the bathroom?"

"Yeah, sure ask the police officer where it is" James whispers back. Sandra gets up and starts walking towards the hallway, When she enters the hallway, she instantly sees the bathrooms and starts walking towards them. She reaches the bathroom door, when she puts her hand on the door handle, she warmth spreading down her legs.

11/5/15

"How powerfull will this be." A man asks, "It it weighs around 2300 pounds. Or just over 1000 kilograms" Another man responds. "Are you sure you know what you are doing, because if this fails, they will have no problems finding you".

"Dont worry about that, ive tested everything, its going to work" He responds, "How many will be in the building" He asks, "About 6000 people".

"So, whats the plan?"

"Miranda is going to drive a van containing this into the garage, then, well, you know, Boom".

"Well, are you sure 2300 is enough, you know what happend in '93."

"If this doesn't do it, then nothing will."

"After this goes off, The rest of the operation will comence."

"And what will the rest of the operation consist of?"

"You will know soon, everyone will know soon."

