Match Made in Heaven - Page 2

Author: Frankjonathan

*025*2024-05-01 21:28

Chapter 15: Movie Date

Brianna sipped on her soda throughout the movie. Brandon was excited at the potential of repeating what happened last time at the movie, but with a little less awkwardness this time and without coming across as a jerk. He couldn't help but check in on Brianna throughout the movie. Each time she took a sip, he felt himself get a little excited.

It wasn't until about halfway through the movie that she started showing signs of needing to pee. Brandon looked over at her with a smile on his face. He loved Brianna, and the fact that she knew now about his interests only made him feel overjoyed each time she started to hold off going to the bathroom.

"Shoot, not already. I know I wanted to give Brandon a little show, but so soon? I hope I can hold it until after the movie. Peeing in the middle of it would be so embarrassing." Brianna knew drinking the soda was going to hit her bladder pretty quickly; she just didn't account for the length of the movie when she was planning on the drink she bought.

The signs were initially small; he noticed her rub her legs a few times and cross them occasionally. But now, she had her hand between her legs, squeezing her legs tightly. He could feel his heart racing with excitement. Suddenly, Brianna turned her head and stared Brandon in the eyes, causing him to blush lightly.

"Shoot, I think he noticed already. Well... there's no hiding it now, might as well mess with him." Brianna still felt self-conscious about her bladder, always needing to pee so often. But she also loved seeing Brandon's reaction any time she said or did anything around it.

Brandon loved seeing what she was doing and how she cared enough to do something as silly as holding in her pee. Just to get a reaction out of him, he couldn't help but feel flustered each time she caught him looking at her. He knew he liked it, but the fact that she was intentionally doing this for him made him feel... vulnerable. He wasn't used to someone knowing, especially someone so close to him; he wasn't sure if it was better or worse. Brandon tried to act inconspicuously, but he knew he was already busted. Brianna leaned close to him, clearly looking like she had something to say. He didn't know how to respond. He leaned in to hear what she had to say.

"I have to pee," she whispered in his ear. As she leaned back to a sitting position, Brandon caught her flirtatious smile again as she lightly bit her lip. Brandon smiled back at her. He was getting aroused by her actions. He couldn't help it. She was too amazing not to. He leaned closer to her, similar to what she did to him. Only when she leaned back in towards him he placed his hand on her chin, turning her face towards his, as he leaned in and kissed her.

"Whoa! I've wanted to kiss him forever, but the fear of what his dad would do has kept him holding back. Why the sudden change? Just because I'm holding my pee? That seems weird, but then again, so is this whole thing." Brianna couldn't believe what was happening. She had dreamed of this moment for months; now it was finally happening.

"Oh, is that all I have to say to get a kiss from you?" She grinned at him as she stared him in the eyes. Brandon shook his head. He knew she was just being silly, but it was working. Brianna leaned in for a second kiss before pulling herself back to her seat.

"I really hit the jackpot with her, didn't I?" Brandon felt his heart warming as he stared at her. At this point, he didn't care about the movie; she was all he needed. He wasn't sure how long he stared at her. Looking at her made time feel like it stood still. She leaned in closer to him again, wanting to say something.

"Crap... I REALLY have to go. I'm not sure if I can hold it until the end of the movie." Brianna wanted to treat Brandon, but at this point, she was starting to worry if, instead of a treat, she would just end up embarrassing herself. "He's staring at me. At least he's cute about it. Those eyes are so loving. Ugh, if only he'd stop, he's making it harder to hold it in. I want to let go so bad." Brianna was trying her best to hold it in; she knew there was no way she was going to make it home before she burst, if she could even make it to the car.

"Hey, eyes on the screen, buddy; you paid good money to be here, remember? You'll get your show." She pulled back again with a grin on her face. Brandon wanted so badly to steal her away from the movie, to someplace secluded for them to spend some alone time together. But he knew they wanted to watch this movie and that other people were around. He'd have to wait until after the movie to see what Briana had in store for him.

Brandon tried his hardest to focus on the movie, but every movement from Brianna only reminded him of her current situation. He felt like the movie was taking forever to finish. He wasn't sure if that was because of the movie's writing or the fact that he was excited about getting out of the movie.

"Thank you Lord." Brianna walked out of the theater with Brandon, excited to finally have a chance to get some relief. She was hurting at this point. Somehow, she managed to walk out of the theater without loosing composure. She didn't want to look silly, walking out with her legs crossed needing to pee, when there was a bathroom right around the corner. But as they approached Brandon's car, she couldn't keep her composure anymore.

Brianna sped walked over to Brandon's car, squeezing her thighs as close together as she could manage, both hands firmly placed in her lap, trying to keep the floodgates closed. As she ran over, she had to stop a few times to regain control, nearly losing it on the walk over.

"Hurry up!" Brianna wanted to get away from the theater before she let go. She didn't want to pee herself in the parking lot. Brandon was practically speechless. Everything Brianna was doing was straight out of a fantasy. She was super desperate and bursting. He couldn't believe his eyes that she was doing this to herself. The only thing that would have made it better is if the theater's bathrooms were closed.

Not wanting her to feel embarrassed, Brandon rushed over to the car, quickly unlocking it with his remote so she could get in. Even if he wanted to see her lose it right then and there, he knew she was doing this for him, so giving her the privacy and support she needed to do this the way she wanted to is what mattered to him.

Brianna hastily opened the car door and got inside. Brandon half expected her to start peeing herself before she got in the car, but she didn't. It was clear that she wanted to leave the area before she did anything. Perhaps she just wanted to give him a show of being desperate instead of peeing herself again. She had already done it a few times, even if one was an actual accident.

"Ugh! Why did it have to be pee-related? Couldn't he have been into something else? Like massages or something? " Brianna hadn't felt this desperate since she worked on her chicken pen. "Please, let him drive fast, and no red lights. I might be able to make it if I'm lucky." Then it hit her: what was she going to tell her mom if she peed herself again? It's been a while since her mom caught her when they went to the movies last, but needing to face her again now that Brandon was staying over. What would her mom think? What would she say? Would she pick on her in front of Brandon? "Shit... Should I just have Brandon stop by a gas station before we get back?"

"So, what did you think of the movie?" Brandon had gotten in the car at this point and was starting it. Brianna kept quiet. Brandon couldn't help but notice her current state. Her legs were firmly pressed together, her eyes shut, and her face was one of concentration. It was clear she was struggling and severely uncomfortable, way past her breaking point.

Brandon drove off, hoping he could get her home in time to make it to the bathroom before she had an accident. He felt tempted to take a longer route or to drive slower. He did tell her that he liked being the cause of an accident, but he also told her that she would be the priority. Based on the looks of her, it seemed like this time would be better for him to make her the priority.

*027*2024-05-15 02:09

Chapter 16: Almost Made it

Brandon pulled up to Brianna's house. The drive back was a rush; every second it took was a chance for her to lose it and wet herself, each red light, every bump, stop sign, and turn. Brandon secretly hoped it would have been enough, but she miraculously held on.

"Thank the Lord!" The whole drive was miserable for Brianna. She didn't want Brandon to stop. She figured if she had a real accident, that would be the best treat for him. But she also wanted to make it in time. She knew this whole experience was already something he was going to love, even if she did make it in time. Besides, she didn't bring a spare set of clothes, and there was no way she wanted to face her mom in wet jeans again. If she was even still awake.

Brianna threw off her seatbelt and rapidly opened the car door, trying to make a beeline for it. She didn't care that Brandon didn't get her door for getting in or out of the car this time. She needed to pee, and badly. Brandon was quick in following suit. He wanted to see if she would make it in time. He tried to play it off as being caring and helpful, as he ran slightly faster than her, making it to the door just a second before her, opening it up for her.

The house was dark, except for a dimly lit kitchen. The microwave above the stove light was left on, allowing for just a touch of light in the otherwise dark house. The family had already gone to sleep by the seems of it. This was a bit of a shock to Brandon; he thought that Diane would have wanted to talk with him first about sleeping arrangements. But that didn't matter right now. Brianna was caught off guard a little, too, but didn't really care. She needed to pee now.

Brandon watched as Brianna tried rushing past the living room towards the kitchen, where the bathroom was off to the left. But just as she entered the kitchen, she lost it. Brandon saw her still rushing towards the bathroom but was able to clearly see the wet streak flowing down her legs. He quickly followed behind her, he was unsure if he could offer any support. He wanted to, but he also wanted to see the rest of her accident.

Brianna ran into the bathroom; she just wanted to get on the toilet and avoid making any more of a mess on the floor. Forgoing modesty, she left the bathroom door open, focusing only on getting on the toilet. Besides, everyone was already asleep; it was just her and Brandon awake. She sat on the toilet as quickly as possible, not bothering with her pants; they were already soaked, so what was the point? As the current of urine flowed out of her, finally getting sweet relief, she looked up towards the door and saw Brandon staring back at her with a dumbfounded look on his face, practically completely in a trance. Her cheeks burned with embarrassment seeing him there.

"Oh, my goodness. That was so hot... No! I need to be supportive. I can't take advantage of the situation." Brandon felt guilty for getting so aroused by everything that took place. Suddenly, he saw her look directly at him as he stood in the doorway. "Shit! She saw me." Brandon quickly averted his gaze from her, pretending to look at something else, but he knew she had seen him. He felt like a terrible boyfriend and, hopefully, soon-to-be fiancé. She wanted to treat him with a show, and now he managed to screw it up again by making things awkward.

Brianna sat there as the last of her pee made its way into the toilet. She wasn't sure what to do. She felt embarrassed having an accident like this when she was so close to making it. On the other hand, Brandon seemed extremely flustered in a cute way. Obviously, this whole experience was a huge turn-on for him; there was no hiding that. She contemplated her options for a moment. Do they try to pretend this never happened and make it awkward, or does she embrace it and make this the best day of Brandon's life, and possibly for their relationship?

"I should probably find her a change of clothes. That would at least be helpful." Brandon went to step towards the living room, where he saw a pile of clean clothes, but before he could get out of sight from the door frame, he heard words from Brianna that had to be a hallucination or something. His mind had to have been playing tricks. There was no way he heard her correctly. He froze on the spot, unsure if he had heard her correctly.

"Hey, Cutie, where do you think you are going? You should come here." Brianna felt her heart racing. She had already managed to embarrass herself. What was she thinking inviting him in? What would she even do if he came into the bathroom with her? She felt like she was out of her league, having no clue what to do. She wanted to be cute, to be sexy, to keep the spiciness of the evening rolling. Just because she lost control and had a legitimate accident doesn't change the fact that this could be the night everything changes for them. It doesn't have to be awkward like they both were unintentionally making it.

"What did you say?" Brandon had to confirm. He didn't want to overstep. The bathroom was always a semi-sensitive subject for him because of his Omorashi interests. Not only that, but it's inappropriate to walk in on someone while they are in the bathroom. At best, married couples could do so.

"Come here, cutie." Brianna couldn't believe the words coming out of her mouth. He practically gave her an out—a chance to change her mind. Yet, she didn't take it. "What is wrong with me?" She saw Brandon slowly turn towards her and step into the bathroom very hesitantly. The atmosphere in the room was becoming tense. She wasn't sure what she would do or what he would do. She was just caught up in the moment.

Brianna stood up from the toilet, taking a step or two forward away from it. She put on her flirtatious face again and stuck out her finger, curlingly it towards herself, clearly inviting him to come closer. Her heart was pounding out of her chest. Brandon's eyes widened. He hadn't lost his mind. This wasn't just in his head. She was actually calling him to come closer, to approach her in her soaked jeans. His heart was pounding. The moment was better than anything he ever imagined before. It was different, not what he was used to fantasizing about. Normally, it would stop at the accident, but now it seemed like things were heating up.

He slowly walked up to her, waiting for her to change her mind or for reality to come crashing in. But neither happened. Instead, he stood directly in front of her, staring down at her beautiful eyes. She stepped up on her tiptoes, opening her mouth slightly, clearly wanting to say something in a whisper. Brandon tilted his head to hear what she had to say.

"I had an accident." Brianna's words were soft and seductive. She hadn't planned anything out; she just wanted to be attractive and thought doing something like that would get his attention more than she already had. She slowly leveled herself back on the ground, getting off her tiptoes. Brandon had a huge grin on his face. He couldn't believe she would play along and do something like that. Caught up in the moment, Brandon leaned down and kissed Brianna passionately softly wrapping his hands around her checks. Brianna felt the world fall to the background, she was just as caught up in the moment with Brandon. She had completely forgotten about her soaked pants. She reached for Brandon's hands, and guided them towards her butt.

Brandon gripped the seat of her soaked jeans, not caring that they were soaked with urine. He was too excited about the moment, he and Brianna passionately kissed each other. Brandon reached a little lower, getting right behind her thighs as he picked her up, throwing her legs around his waist, making her straddle him. Just as he got her into a good spot, she stopped making out with him for a moment, looking in directly in the eyes, with a slight look of concern on her face.

"We should stop. Before we go too far." Brianna kept her voice quiet. She didn't want to wake her family. The act of Brandon picking her up, in the way she's imagined a thousand times, caused reality to come crashing back in. No matter how much she wanted this, no matter how much she wanted him to carry her up to the bed, it didn't change the fact that this was her parent's house, and they weren't married yet.

Brandon nodded and placed her back down on the ground. He wanted so badly to keep going. But he knew she was right. They both had the same belief that Sex should wait until they were married. Just because he had every intention of getting married to her, it didn't change the fact that they weren't even engaged yet. Besides, he couldn't risk losing his only place to stay for now. He told Diane that he would be able to find a place, but realistically, he wasn't sure if he could.

"Yeah, You're right. I'm sorry, I just got a little carried away." Brandon rubbed the back of his head. He didn't want to make things worse for them, but picking her up like that was a bit much. Kissing was one thing, that was another.

"No. No. It was my fault. I got caught up in the moment. I let it get too far. Let's... just get ready for bed. Why don't you go grab your bags while I get changed?" Brianna felt guilty for leading him on like that. Her feelings completely blocked out her conscious for a moment.

"Yeah, good idea." Brandon knew it was already pretty late and that getting to bed would be their best idea. They could talk more about this tomorrow if they needed to. Maybe they could talk more deeply about what happened while touring the apartments. Make sure they didn't mess anything up.

*029*2024-05-17 15:36

Chapter 17: Roomies?

Brandon walked back in with his bags. He saw Brianna standing over at the stove with a piece of paper in her hand. Confused, Brandon set his bags next to the couch and approached her to find out what was going on.

"What's that?" Brandon asked as he walked right behind Brianna. She turned to him and handed him the note to read over.

"Hi you 2!

I hope you both enjoyed the movie. We'll be asleep by the time you two get back. We didn't really talk about where Brandon would be sleeping while he stays here with us.

Given you two love birds are destined to get married, I figured he could stay up with you Bri. I only have 2 rules.

1. Don't be too loud, some of us need to work.

2. No sex.

Outside of that, I don't care what you 2 do. I was young once. Make out, cuddle, chat until you both pass out, I don't care. Just no sex, and don't wake us up.

Love,

Diane

P.S.

Welcome to the family Brandon"

Brandon couldn't believe his eyes. He hoped this didn't give away his secret about proposing, but honestly, it likely wasn't much of a surprise at this point. He looked at Brianna, a little stunned. He knew her mom was pretty progressive, but this was a bit much, at least compared to his family. Something like this would never happen.

"Are you okay with this? I know things got a little heated there for a moment. Would you be more comfortable if I slept on the couch?" Brandon felt awkward sharing a room with Brianna. They had just pushed their relationship to a whole new level. Growing up in a restrictive Christian home, he never imagined something happening like this. With so little relational and sexual education, he wasn't really sure what to expect as he fell in love.

"No! I mean, if you are good with it. I'd like you to sleep with me." Her word choice hit her like running into a wall. Her face quickly blushed, as did Brandon's. "Not with me. I mean, if you want to share a room... I'd like that." She smiled warmly at him, awaiting his response.

"Yeah, I think I'd like that. But I don't think we can let things get as far as they did." Brandon had mixed emotions. On the one hand, he wanted to be able to cuddle up to Brianna, to feel him next to him as they drifted off to sleep, but on the other, he didn't want to risk the potential of things going too far before they were both ready.

"Don't worry, I don't have to pee anymore." Brianna gave a playful smile as she raised her eyebrows flirtatiously. Brandon just giggled and shook his head. He loved her playful nature. But he also knew their core beliefs were at jeopardy if they kept acting the way they did tonight. He knew he would have to have a serious conversation with her tomorrow, but for tonight, he would just enjoy the ride, without taking things too far.

"Well, in that case." Brandon bent over slightly, as he took his arm and moved it behind Brianna's legs, in one swift motion he picked her up off her feet carrying her in his arms. He knew he wouldn't be able to carry her up the spiral stair case up to her room, but he figured they could at least have a little fun as he carried her over towards them, back near the living room. He still needed to bring up his bags anyway.

"Shoosh!" Brandon tried to silence Brianna as she let out a light squeak from getting picked up again, only this time getting carried bridal-style. Her heart fluttered as he held her close to his chest. Even though she was just around him a moment ago, this felt different. Straddling him felt sexual and erotic; this felt much more... romantic. She knew Brandon had a strong romantic side to him, but she felt surprised each time it came out.

"I love you." Brianna whispered to Brandon as he carried her away.

"I love you more." He spoke softly. The moment was quickly ruined as the stairs were only a few feet away from them. Brianna didn't want to let go. She dreamed of having a man who would sweep her off her feet like he did. Well, not exactly like he did; she hoped it would be someplace more romantic than her parent's kitchen. But she wasn't about to complain either. She squeezed her arms around Brandon's neck, holding him closer for just a moment longer.

"I need you to let go." Brandon broke her moment of peace. "I'll be up in a second. Why don't you get comfortable." Brandon didn't want to give up this moment either, but he also knew they would have the whole night together and all of tomorrow, and if everything went according to plan, the rest of their life.

"I don't want to." Brianna was too afraid that if she let go, this moment would never come again. Their relationship had already gone through a lot. Each time they got closer like this, it seemed like his dad would cause them to pull apart. She wasn't sure if she could handle that again.

"I know." Brandon paused. He knew exactly how she felt. He had the same feelings, but he at least knew that things were different this time. "I promise, I'm not going anyway. I just can't carry you up the stairs safely." He really wished that the house had a slightly different design, but he couldn't change reality; he could only adjust to it.

"Okay, but you better hurry up." Brianna gave Brandon another squeeze before she finally lessened her grip and allowed him to set her down. She stared at him for a moment before heading up the staircase. Brandon quickly grabbed his bags and followed suit; he didn't want to keep her waiting any longer than he had to.

Brandon made his way up the stairs and entered Brianna's bedroom. It was smaller than he imagined. He thought he might have room to sleep on the floor if he had to, but there really wasn't space enough for it.

"I know it's not much." Brianna felt a little embarrassed about her room. She didn't keep it very clean, so there was laundry everywhere, as well as a bunch of different knickknacks.

"No! Don't worry about it. When we get our own place, you'll have a lot more space." Brandon imminently realized he said too much. He managed to be so careful this entire time, and now he managed to slip up, hinting at his plans unintentionally.

"That'd be nice." Brianna didn't read too much into it, just happy to be thinking about the ability to be out on her own, hopefully with the man she loved. Brandon set his bags down next to her bed. He looked at Brianna sitting on her bed in a nightgown. She looked so beautiful. Then it hit him. He was still in jeans and a T-shirt. He needed to get changed for bed, or he could just sleep in his day clothes. He wasn't sure what to do. He could sneak back downstairs to get changed in the bathroom.

Brianna stared at Brandon. She saw his hesitation as he looked back at his bag and then back at her. He slipped off his shoes, leaving them near his bags. "Did you bring any night clothes with you?" She asked, unsure what he wanted to do, or was thinking.

"Yeah, they're just in my bag." He paused, allowing a slight awkwardness to form between them. "I should probably go back downstairs and change." He reached for his bag when Brianna stopped him by touching his hand, meeting at the backpack.

"Or... You could... you know..." Brianna was blushing at this point. The tension between them rising once more. She wanted him to feel comfortable around her. She knew her desire to see him change in front of her was wrong. But she couldn't help but suggest it. "Change in here..." She closed her eyes slightly, worried she might ruin things by even suggesting the idea. "I mean, if you are going to be staying here, it's your room too. It doesn't have.. to lead.. to anything." Brandon felt his mind getting flooded again with thoughts and emotions. The idea was so tempting.

"I mean, rules are rules, and you're just getting ready for bed, right?" Brianna was justifying her suggestion more to herself than to Brandon. "Nothing wrong with that." She had no intention to do anything too far with him, but the thought of seeing him down to his boxers made her heart rush with excitement. She had been treating him with all these pee-related things; would he getting a little bare, be any worse?

"I... I guess... you have a point." Brandon was a little uncomfortable with the idea, because of how close a call they had just had. But he knew that they could be responsible enough.

"I really shouldn't. But I think that would be a little hypocritical. She has been amazing, and this would be no less of a tease than what she's done. Right?"

Brandon pulled out his pajamas from his backpack and set them on the bed next to her. As he stood back up, Brianna grabbed his hand, following it as he pulled it back towards him, sitting up from the bed, and walking up close to him. She knew what she was about to do was a bad idea, but she didn't care.

She looked up at him with loving eyes, signaling she wanted a kiss. He leaned down to give her a simple peck, but that only just got them started. She kissed him again, a little more passionately, but pulled back, stopping as quickly as she started. She looked concerned at first, a look of hesitation. Then, a huge grin crossed her face. She reached her hands under his shirt and started to lift it up. Brandon wanted to pin her on the bed behind her, but he knew he had to restrain himself. After removing the shirt, he went in for another kiss. But she stopped him, placing a finger on his lips with a playful smile.

"Sorry, we agreed. I just wanted to help." She reached for the button on his jeans. Unbuttoning them, and sliding down the zipper. Brandon felt she was being unfair, but she was right. They shouldn't get carried away, even if she was being a tease. As Brandon reached for his waist, Brianna plopped herself back onto her bed, enjoying the show as Brandon removed his jeans and proceeded to put on his pajamas. Brianna was excited at what she saw. It was clear to see how excited Brandon got while just in his boxes. She got more than she was after with this little show she suggested.

"There, happy?" Brandon had a huge smile on his face, as he stood proudly in front of her in his nightly attire.

"Very, now get over here good-looking."

*031*2024-05-22 05:11

Chapter 18: Good Morning

Brandon attempted to roll over in bed. He had one of the deepest nights of sleep he's had in a long time. Waking up felt like he was completely refreshed. But as he started to move, he realized that he wasn't in his usual bed. Shifting slightly, he realized Brianna wrapped her arm around his chest, snuggling up to him. He nearly forgot about everything that took place over the last few days. It was crazy how much has changed in such a short period of time.

Brandon wasn't sure what the day all had in store, but he did have some idea as to what he wanted to do if everything worked out just right. First thing, he needed to get up. He reached over as carefully as he could to grab his phone to check the time and see if there was any update after yesterday's call with Racheal. He was shocked to see it was already 9 am. Normally, Brianna and he had to get up super early to start their work day. Brianna was at work by 4:30 in the morning. Working on a farm meant very early mornings and very late nights. Work essentially never stops in that line of work. Brandon was able to stay asleep longer but still was up by 7 or 7:30 at the latest.

Seeing it was already 9 made Brandon feel very grateful that their first night together also happened to land on a day when they were both off of work. Brandon slowly lifted Brianna's arm off of his chest so that he could slide himself out of bed. He wanted to get dressed and check on the ring now that he was hearing good news from the company he was getting hired by. If everything went according to plan, today was going to be the best day of Brianna's and his lives so far.

Brandon kept his back toward Brianna as he began to undress out of his pajamas, and into some fresh clothes for the day. He threw off his shirt, right next to his suitcase, followed by pulling his pants down, leaving him in just his underwear. As he bent over slightly to grab his pants from around his ankles, he felt a slight pinch on his butt, sending adrenaline through his body from the unexpected sensation.

Spinning around, Brandon saw Brianna lying spread out across the bed, reaching over the edge slightly. She looked like she got the best rest in her life, too, still tired from the seems of it, but she had the cutest smile across her face as she stared at him.

"Morning cutie. Leaving already?" she asked with a loving smile.

"Not yet." Brandon smiled back. He couldn't believe how beautiful she still looked, even with her hair being a complete mess. "It's 9 already, and I wanted to get a start on the day."

"Do you already have something planned for the day?" Brianna began sitting up in bed, clearly looking excited about the prospect of what Brandon had in store.

"I.. might have a few ideas." Brandon wanted to tell her so badly about what he was hoping to do with her during the day. But the anticipation would be far more worth it by making her wait. "But I need to check my email first to see if there are some updates."

"What kind of ideas are you thinking of?" Brianna was getting hopeful. She wasn't sure what Brandon had in mind, but with everything he had done already. His secret plans for date nights and his thoughtful actions in keeping seemingly pointless items from their relationship meant whatever he might be planning was going to be unique and unforgettable.

"That's for me to know and for you to find out later." Brandon smiled at her. He didn't want to ruin anything, and realistically it would really depend on whether or not Rachel got back to him today about the whole apartment situation. "I'm going to go grab some breakfast while you get dressed. Want anything?"

"Where are you going? I can come with." Brianna started to crawl out of bed, rushing to join Brandon.

"No, it's okay." Brandon wanted to give Brianna privacy, and more directly, he didn't want her to try and get changed around him. That was one line he didn't want to cross just yet. Growing up in such a strict religious home made it so that anytime he saw a female he knew personally in a slightly less modest attire compared to what he grew up with, it made his eyes burn. It was like a side effect of his upbringing. Sure, he undressed in front of Brianna, but that was to help "pay her back" for what she had been doing for him. He still felt incredibly uncomfortable about doing it with her there. But her doing it would be a completely different matter in his mind.

"I was just going to grab something from the taco shop down the road. I can do that while you get dressed, then we can go from there. How's that?" Brandon placed his hands gently on Brianna's shoulders, trying to reassure her.

"Okay... that works." Brianna deflated slightly. She didn't understand why Brandon didn't want her around. It was a little weird. They always did everything together. What's the big deal? "I'll have a bean burrito."

"Hey, don't worry. I'll be right back. I promise." Brandon noticed her reaction to him leaving without her. She clearly felt hurt and worried. "Besides, this is my new home for the next few days as we figure everything out." Brandon smiled at her, lifting her chin slightly, hoping he made her feel better. "I just need to do something before we hang out today and run some errands. But I promise I'll bring you along for all of the fun and important things, okay?"

"Well... Do you want a show before you run off?" Brianna felt better hearing that Brandon wanted to include her in his plans. She had no idea what he had in mind or what he needed to do before they got to spend the day together. But that didn't really matter to her, as long as they were together, and looking ahead at their future, that's what mattered.

"What kind of show does she have in mind? She just peed herself last night. She might be referring to getting changed, but I don't know if I am ready for that..."

"As much as I would love that. I really do need to hit the road." Brandon hated the thought of disappointing Brianna, but he couldn't risk it. They had a lot to get done in a short amount of time. "I'll drop off breakfast and then go run that errand I mentioned. Afterward, I'll pick you up, and we'll go check out some... stuff."

"Oh... Okay." Brianna wasn't sure why Brandon would turn down a show. He normally was so excited; why was this different?

"Did I cross a line last night or this morning? What happened since last night? Wait, was it last night? Did we push things too far?"

"Hey, stop overthinking. Everything is okay. I just got to get going." Brandon already knew where her mind went. He would have done the same, but he couldn't just tell her he was going to go pick up a wedding ring for her. That would ruin everything. He had to hope nothing would go horribly wrong so he could stick to his plan.

Brandon finished grabbing his things he needed for the day. Without hesitation, he left the room he just shared for the first time with his soon-to-be bride-to-be. He didn't want to go, but he also didn't want to do anything stupid. Until they were married, he had to keep himself under control and avoid repeating what happened last night. Diane and her husband were already gone for the day. They both started work at the same time Brianna did. Brandon hoped he would never have a work schedule like that. Being up at 3:30 am just sounded like torture.

Knowing that this new job would provide him with enough income so that Brianna wouldn't have to work anymore made him feel overjoyed. They can be together all day and all night. If that's what she wanted, that is. He knew she loved the animals. She just hated the schedule and having to do it to try and make ends meet. It was a brutal schedule that not many people were cut out for or wanted to do in the first place.

Finally, outside of the house, walking towards his car. Brandon pulled out his phone to check his email.

Rachel Re: Moving assistance

Rachel Re: Offer Letter

Brandon could feel his heart pounding. This was it, the make-it-or-break-it moment. Was he going to get the apartment, would they help with the referral letter or help cover the cost to get started, or was he going to be stuck needing to find other solutions? The sight of the offer letter also having an update sent shivers down his spine. It was either them receding the offer due to him asking for help, or it was them updating it to include the moving assistance. Either way, sitting there unopened just made his nerves rise with anticipation. Finally, he clicked on the email about moving assistance. The outcome of that email would determine what the rest of their day was going to look like. Would it be looking at apartments or an afternoon filled with despair?

*033*2024-05-29 19:42

Chapter 19: Teasing

"Hey, Brandon!

I got good news! I got it cleared with HR. We are able to offer you some moving assistance.

Here's how it's going to work:

* You are limited to $2,000 for your security deposit.

* The company can not co-sign. However, HR has written up a letter you can give to any prospective apartment complex.

* Even though this is a fully remote position, you will need to stay within the state.

* If they require verification of employment or need to verify that letter, they can give Judy a call in HR.

* Here is a link to all of the apartment companies we have worked with in the past when relocating new hires. You aren't required to use one of these; it just might be easier and save you some time if you don't already have a place in mind.

Let me know if you have any questions.

Congratulations on the offer again, and I look forward to working with you.

Rachel,

Senior Recruiter"

"YES! Finally, things are going perfectly according to plan!" Brandon jumped in the air with excitement as he skipped towards his car. Brianna was watching him from her bedroom window. She was so relieved to see him in a good mood. After he was in a hurry to leave this morning, she couldn't help but worry she might have been the cause, but seeing that extra pep in his step made her realize it wasn't anything she or they did. He really just wants to take care of some things really fast. Brianna walked away from the window, and continued to get dressed for the day, but not before sending off a quick message to Brandon.

*Ding*

Brandon pulled up his phone looking at Brianna's message.

Brianna: "Looks like someone is in a good mood. 😉"

He spun around and looked up at her window. She stood there, wearing just a bra, waving down to him as she slide on her shirt. Brandon wasn't expecting her to see him, or for her to be standing there shirtless. Taking a step back closer towards his car, Brandon tripped, stunned by what took place.

Brandon fell backwards, hitting the ground with a rather unsuddle thump. Brianna threw her hand to cover her mouth, feeling guilty for distracting Brandon, causing him to fall. She threw her window open, shouting down towards him.

"Are you okay!" She wanted to rush down to help him, but she hadn't gotten any pants on yet.

"I'm fine, don't worry about it" Brandon replied in a slightly annoyed tone. He was trying to avoid seeing her in her underwear, and that didn't quite work. Not only that, but now he tripped and looked like an idiot.

"Are you sure? That looked like it might have hurt." Brianna now felt worse. It sounded like he might have hurt himself, and it was her fault.

"Really, I'm fine. Don't worry about it." Brandon chuckled lightly at the situation. He got slightly frustrated, but it was his own fault for losing his balance. Besides, she was just trying to be cute. She wasn't intending to throw him off like that. "I'll be back in a bit with breakfast. But I'm just dropping off; I need to do something before I pick you up."

"Okay, no worries. I'll be waiting for you here." Brianna wanted to join him; really, she wanted to jump on his lap, wrap her arms around him, and kiss him. But she knew that would have to wait and probably should wait longer anyway until things were more official between them. But that didn't stop her from thinking about it. However, she did come up with a different idea that would be fun for when he got back and for when he came to pick her up. Last night was magical, and she wanted to repeat it, but she knew she had to be creative. Trying the same thing again wouldn't work, but playing in a different way might.

***

Brandon tried to rush the best he could. He wasn't going to let that little slip ruin the rest of his day. He wanted to get that ring as quickly as possible. He couldn't wait to propose to Brianna today. He ate one of his breakfast burritos on the drive back to her place and his temporary home until they got everything sorted out. His goal was just to drop off breakfast, but his heart sank as he pulled up his phone to text Brianna.

Dad: "Brandon, we need to talk. I've gathered the other men from the Church, and we would like to talk to you tonight. You can't just run off like this. Did you stay at that girl's house? You should know better."

Brandon never intended to have this kind of relationship with his dad. After everyone else in their family left, he hoped he would be able to bring some joy and pride in his dad, knowing the two of them kept the faith. However, as Brandon got older and saw his dad's behavior, he couldn't keep up with it. He didn't want to make his dad proud. Not this way. He knew he could do better, be better. Take the lessons he learned and grow from there. Brandon couldn't stand the thought of repeating what his dad had done. He had no desire to be like him. He was grateful for some of the core values he was taught but learned a while ago that not everything he is taught needs to stay with him and be a part of him for the rest of his life.

Brandon pushed aside the distraction from his dad for a moment. He wanted to get on the road before traffic started up so he could pick up the ring. He didn't want to waste away the best day of his and Brianna's life by sitting in traffic. Brandon pulled up Brianna on his phone, leaving his dad's message unread.

Brandon: "Foods here. Can you run out and grab it?"

*Ding*

Brianna: "Umm... No 😉"

Brandon let out a frustrated sigh. "Now's really not a good time to play games, Bri." Brandon loved her a ton, but she had a way of playing silly games. Her intention was to be cute, but sometimes it was a slight annoyance. He still loved it and thought it was cute. But that never changed the fact that sometimes it was inopportune times.

Brandon: "Please?"

*Ding*

Brianna: "Nope. I'm a little preoccupied and can't step outside at the moment. 😅"

Frustrated, Brandon unbuckled himself and went inside. He threw the door open, unsure what to expect to see Brianna doing. Likely, she was in the bathroom or taking a shower. Why else wouldn't she have just come out to grab her breakfast? As he stepped into the house and lifted up his head, he froze momentarily. Brianna was standing in front of him, just slightly off to the side, so she couldn't be seen easily through the doorway. She was only sporting a loose-fitting shirt and a pair of panties. She lifted up her hand and gave him a cute wave, twisting her body slightly as the shirt slightly swayed around her hips.

"What are you doing?" Brandon couldn't believe his eyes. He wasn't sure what to do. He felt his body get excited, his heart pounding in his chest.

"Well, given you had to go run an errand after breakfast, I figured I needed to get some laundry done. But I was stupid and put all my pants into the wash. That's why I couldn't go out there." Brianna slightly bit her lip in flirtation.

"Bri. I.." Brandon was at a loss for words.

"Well, I figured we are planning on getting married, right? So what's the harm in a little tease? I mean, we will be together forever anyway, right?" Brianna started to feel a little self-conscious. She wasn't sure why Brandon didn't seem more excited. Well, he was excited; that was clear to see, but his actions and words didn't show excitement in the same way she thought it would.

"Bri, you know I love you. You know we are going to get married. But... You know we shouldn't. We agreed, and your mom even made that one of her only two rules." Brandon hated himself for turning down this surprise from Brianna. She only did it because she trusted and cared for him so much.

"I know, but it's not like we are going to do anything... Yet. Besides, it's just a piece of paper." Brianna walked up to Brandon, getting up close to him. But instead of jumping on him, kissing him, or leading him away. She quickly grabbed the bag of food, turned around, and walked back towards the kitchen. Her backside facing him.

Brandon couldn't help but stare. He felt cheated by her just grabbing the food without so much as a kiss. But he also knew it was for the best. Her tease was mean, but it was exactly the type of reminder he needed of why he wanted to marry her. She was sweet, thoughtful, playful, good-looking, and even though she was pushing their limits, which, to be fair, he knew he had started. She still believed in the same foundational things as him.

"You are such a tease." Brandon smiled, shaking his head, and turned around to leave once again.

"You're welcome. You know you love me for it." Brianna grinned from the kitchen table as she started eating her burrito.

"You better find something to wear if you want to join me in looking at apartments." Brandon had to tease back a little, too.

"Wait, what?" Brandon closed the door as Brianna started to ask him what he meant. Not giving her the chance to fully realize what he said, driving her crazy with excitement just as she did to him.

*034*2024-06-03 00:41

Hey Everyone!

I hope you have enjoyed this story so far. I think the chapter releasing on Wednesday might be the end of this story. Let me know your thoughts. Do you want to see it continue? I can also do a sequel if that makes more sense.

I feel for how this story has gone, and how their relationship has unfolded, that this next chapter can be a nice ending to the story. Some unfinished business while also leaving things hopeful for the future.

Leave a comment on what you think. Keep it going here, on this story, create a sequel, or just end this one as is.

I'll be open to thoughts on continuing or ending for a maximum of 4 weeks. So on June 30th I'll decide whether or not to continue. If there is high enough demand, I'll continue the story sooner.

Thank you for all the support. I hope you've found this story enjoyable.

Sincerely,

Frank aka Story Nook

*037*2024-06-05 13:46

Chapter 20: The Great Reveal

Brandon: "Did you find something to wear?"

*Ding*

Brianna: "You should come in to find out. 😉"

Brandon: "It's already noon. We should really get going."

*Ding*

Brianna: "Then you better hurry up and get in here to find out."

Brandon felt excited this time at her game. Yes, he wanted to leave, but she had to be dressed, so whatever she had in store ought to be good. Brandon didn't bother replying this time. He wanted to waste as little time as possible. The apartments that Rachel provided were in another city that tends to have a lot more traffic than where they are used.

Walking into the house, Brandon looks around to see where Brianna is. But she wasn't by the door, and he didn't see her in the kitchen.

"Bri, where you at. We need to get going."Brandon didn't want to play hide and seek, and if she was in the bathroom, that likely meant she had another surprise for him, and they didn't have time for that.

"Over here, carry me my prince!" Brianna was sprawled out on the couch next to the door; she wasn't wearing jeans or leggings this time. She instead put on a knee-high skirt. Brandon shook his head with a smile. She was being a goof, and he knew it.

"So, let me get this right. You 'didn't' have pants this morning and walked around without anything. But you had a skirt this whole time?" Brandon stood in front of her as she lay on the couch.

"Maybe... But it made for a fun morning, I bet." Brianna grinned.

"And now, you want me to do what? Carrying you out to the car?" Brandon didn't have an issue with the idea, but he did want to point out the silliness of it.

"I mean, if you have to. I wouldn't complain." Brianna reached out her arms like she wanted to hug him, but it was more so she could wrap her arms around his neck as he carried her.

"I'll carry you to the car. But I won't put you in it. We don't want a repeat of what happened on the hike." Brandon chuckled. One of the hikes they went on a while back, before Brianna found out about his desires. He tried to give her a piggyback ride, but the ground was wet, and he slipped, causing them both to land on their butts. Nice and hard on the rocky path. It hurt a lot, but they both couldn't help but giggle at what took place.

"Deal!" Brianna was excited to get another princess ride like she got the night before. It wouldn't be quite the same, but it would still be worth it.

Brandon reached down, wrapping one arm around her torso and the other scooping her up from her knees. His hands brushed slightly against her butt, where he noticed something was off. He held her in his arms, her face only a few inches from his. He looked at her with a puzzled expression.

"Are you being naughty?" Brandon wanted to be spicy a little.

"I don't know what you mean," Brianna replied in a seductive tone.

"You aren't wearing underwear, are you?" Brandon stared Briana in the eyes, stunned that should would do such a thing.

"Maybe..." Brianna leaned in and kissed Brandon. "But I ain't telling, and you aren't finding out." Brianna grinned at him.

Brandon wanted to place her back on the couch and jump her right there. But he knew better. Plus, they didn't have time to fool around. They had to leave if they wanted to beat traffic.

"You are such a tease." Brandon headed for the door with Brianna in his arms.

"I know. But that's why you want to marry me." Brianna squeezed him a little tighter, happily enjoying the recreation of last night's magic.

Brandon didn't reply; he simply looked her in the eyes again before leaning in for a kiss of his own. He carried her out of the house and over to his car, but before he set her down, she asked one final question.

"So what did you go do?" Brianna wasn't sure why Brandon was keeping secrets all of a sudden, especially for so long. Normally, he was more open, or would let on something was up.

"You'll see. You just have to be patient. We have to go look at apartments, remember?" Brandon wasn't about to hint at anything. He knew she likely already knew he was going to propose, but it was unlikely she knew how. Even he wasn't sure. He knew he wanted to do it after they found a place. He wanted to tell her everything, not only to have a place for themselves but also to give her the option to quit working if she wanted to. He knew he would take her up on the offer if it ever came up.

"Brandon, how are we... I mean, how are you going to afford a place? Rent is crazy unless you want like three roommates." Brandon set Brianna down next to the car door and opened it for her.

"Consider this more like an opportunity to dream a little. I have some places picked out, all from a wide range of price points. From the cheapest thing I could find, all the way up to an insane apartment downtown where high-income earners live." Brandon wanted to show her a little bit of everything. The best part was that he knew that with the job increase, any one of the options he showed her today would be at their price point.

"Brandon, I know you have expensive taste. Is this really a good idea?" Brianna was a little worried Brandon would get too excited about some of the nicer ones and end up biting off more than he could chew by getting something there was no way he could afford in the long run.

"Don't worry about it. We are just looking. Besides, I'm going to follow the one-third rule. My housing expenses can't exceed one-third of my monthly take-home pay. Anything out of that price range, no matter how nice it is. I'll ignore it. I just want to have a look so we know what we might get chance to live in one day."

"Alright." Brianna felt nervous that Brandon might be getting in over his head. Leaving his dad's place was one thing, but trying to get an apartment all by himself with the type of job he has now—there was no way he could afford it. Why torture himself like that? Brianna got into the car. "Let's get going, then. I'm curious to see these places."

Brandon closed the door for her and walked around to the driver's side, his mind racing with anticipation. He had spent the past few days and weeks meticulously planning this day, and the weight of the ring in his pocket was a constant reminder of how pivotal it would be.

As they drove, Brandon chatted excitedly about the potential apartments, occasionally glancing at Brianna with a mix of curiosity and affection. He could sense that she was a little apprehensive, but he already had everything figured out, even if she didn't know that.

The first apartment they visited was a modest one-bedroom place in a small neighborhood. The rent was cheap, and the space was cozy... the neighbors might be the type to get into arguments frequently. It wasn't unsafe, but it wasn't something ideal either. Not for a young couple wanting to start out their lives together. Brianna walked through the rooms, touching the walls and imagining their future together. She liked the idea of having their own space but just wasn't happy that this might be the place.

"It's nice," she said, "but I think we can do better." She whispered to Brandon, not wanting to offend the apartment complex manager.

Brandon smiled, pleased that they were on the same page. "I thought the same thing. Let's keep looking."

The next few apartments varied in size and style. One was a trendy loft with exposed brick and large windows that flooded the space with natural light. Another was a high-rise with a stunning view of the city skyline, complete with amenities like a gym and rooftop pool. Brianna's eyes lit up at the sight of the city view.

"This is amazing!" she exclaimed, stepping out onto the balcony. "Can you imagine waking up to this every day?"

Brandon nodded, standing beside her and slipping his arm around her waist. "It's incredible, having a morning cup of coffee looking out at everything. I can't think of anything more perfect."

After several more tours, they reached the final apartment on Brandon's list. It was located in a luxurious complex with beautifully landscaped grounds and a concierge service. The moment they walked in, Brianna gasped.

"Brandon, this place is...wow."

The apartment was spacious, with high ceilings, hardwood floors, and a gourmet kitchen. The living room opened up to a private terrace with a view of a nearby park. It was everything they had dreamed of and more.

Brandon felt his phone vibrating. He pulled it out to see who the caller ID was, in case it was Rachel or another one of the apartments they were looking at. Instead, his heart skipped a beat when he saw it was his Dad. He obviously wanted to talk to Brandon, and ignoring that text from earlier probably didn't help, but there was no way he was about to let him ruin this moment for them. "Do you love it?" Brandon asked, watching her reaction closely as he slid his phone back into his pocket out of sight.

"I do," Brianna said, spinning around in the middle of the living room. "But there's no way you can afford this. Even with both of our incomes, it's way too much."

Brandon took a deep breath, his heart pounding. "You might be right, but this might be a little too over the top for us right now," he said. What about that one overlooking the city? Is that a good second pick?"

Brianna stopped spinning and looked at him, her eyes wide with anxiety and frustration. "Brandon, there's no way we could afford that one either. This was just looking, remember?"

Brandon felt a lump in his throat. Swallowing it down, he built up the nerve to finally open up about everything happening. "I think we can make it work," he said "But there's something I need to tell you first."

Brianna looked him in the eyes with nerves flooding through her system. "What is it?"

Brandon reached into his pocket and pulled out a small velvet box. He got down on one knee, his hands trembling slightly.

"Brianna, I've wanted to ask you something for a long time. I love you more than anything, and I can't imagine my life without you. Will you marry me?"

Tears welled up in Brianna's eyes as she covered her mouth with her hands. "Oh my Goodness, Brandon..."

He opened the box to reveal a sparkling diamond and emerald ring. It had a heart-shaped emerald as the centerpiece vs. a diamond. Something to signify their unique love and highlight her favorite color. Showing that his heart will be forever hers. "What do you say? Will you be my wife?"

Brianna nodded vigorously, tears streaming down her face. "Yes! Yes, of course, I will!"

Brandon slipped the ring onto her finger and stood up, pulling her into his arms. They kissed, completely forgetting that the building manager was standing right in front of them.

As they embraced, Brianna whispered in his ear, "You're full of surprises, you know that?"

Brandon chuckled. "So are you, Miss. Pee-ana." Brandon grinned, thinking his pun was funny. He loved her deeply but always had a playful side.

They laughed, the weight of the world lifting off their shoulders as Brandon explained everything he had been planning. Everything from the new job to getting moving assistance. The pay increase, the fact that she could stay home if she wanted. All of it.

*038*2024-06-05 14:48

{{On 6/3/2024 at 8:53 AM, xx_Karnac_xx said:

I gotta think you keep it going I'd like to at least have them get their place and maybe break the seal on their relationship and really have one night together before we call it. I know technically they shouldn't but it'd be the perfect way for him to propose and finish the story for a sequel in the future.

}}

{{On 6/2/2024 at 9:29 PM, Frankfrankfran said:

I love this story. It’s one of the best stories I have read. It has a wonderful story line and I really do like where it’s going. I feel like it should’ve one more chapter to tie up the lose ends and then do a sequel. I look forward to to wherever the story takes us . Thank you

}}

What do you think of the last chapter?

Does it wrap up enough of the loose ends that leaves it in a good place for a sequel?

*042*2024-06-10 14:34

{{59 minutes ago, Matias said:

What do you plan as next project?

}}

Currently, I am writing 3 other stories. All of them are a little more ABDL-focused.

* Magical Bracelet

* The Accident that Changed Everything

* Abandoned Daycare.

What I have in the works in the background as next projects are:

* Brat Prison (ABDL)

* New Teacher (Name subject to change. Starts Omorashi then turns DL later in the story)

* Sequel to Match Made

Some other short stories that might not be nearly as long, more like 5-10 chapters long if they make it that long.

I'm also open to suggestions as well.

*045*2024-06-10 17:36

{{27 minutes ago, hubertheiser said:

Not being much into most fiction I found this story just the other day, and I couldn't help but binge reading it. Well written with interesting characters and focused on really telling the story rather than the story being a filler for omo fun. I love it very much indeed.

As to your question: Yes, the last chapter nicely wraps things up. And yes, I'd love to see a sequel.

}}

Thank you so much!

That means a lot to me, honestly. I was actually extremely worried the story I intertwined with the omo stuff was going to be a bit boring and too much filler.

I was aiming to have the story as a whole be a good read while still tying in omo stuff trying to do it justice as a real romance like story.

