Kelly's Regret

Author: FullBladder85

*008*2018-01-23 05:06

Ok, good news and bad news time.

The bad news is I originally intended for part #2 to be the finale for Kelly's Regret. I tried to fit everything into part #2 and wrap it up. But as of now, nearly 10,000 words in, I still haven't even written the ending yet. It's gotten way too long to post as just a single part, I simply have to split it up.

The good news is, after much writing and editing, and modifications to deal with splitting up a story I didn't intend to split up originally, I'm ready to post Part #2. This part is roughly 6,000 words long.

===

Kelly's Regret, Part #2

Kelly and William arrived at the restaurant first, but Zora and Matt weren't far behind. The first thing Kelly had noticed about Zora as she entered the restaurant was the outfit. Zora was wearing a rather sexy black dress that didn't go much farther down than a pair of short shorts would have. Even Kelly had to admit the dress made Zora look sexier than usual, what guy wouldn't want her in that thing? The second thing Kelly noticed was how Zora's eyes were briefly drawn to the direction of the ladies room as she fidgeted nervously, until she and Matt spotted the table where Kelly and William were already sitting. Kelly wasn't sure how long it had been since Zora had last peed, but by Zora's body language she would have guessed at least 24 hours, but almost certainly longer. Kelly had little doubt that like her Zora had been rapidly filling her bladder throughout the day by drinking a lot of beverages.

Kelly tried to look calm and unconcerned about her bladder in front of her arch-rival as Zora approached the table. But of course Kelly's bladder was anything but calm by now, with over 37 and a half hours worth of boiling pent up piss trying to escape. One glance by Zora underneath the table would have told her just how desperate Kelly really was. Kelly was glad she could squirm around freely behind the table with only William seeing a thing.

"It's good to see you both again, I didn't know you were both also on vacation here" Kelly said by way of greetings as Zora sat down across from her.

"I guess we all just thought this was a great place to spend our week off from college" Zora replied calmly, keeping her eyes focused on Kelly. The look Zora gave Kelly told her that she knew full well that Kelly was desperate to pee. Zora seemed tempted to tease Kelly about it despite her own need, or gloat over her last victory, but she decided to keep her mouth shut, and just smiled.

When drinks were ordered it was Zora who ordered first. She ordered an extra large glass of soda, while shooting Kelly a look daring her to do the same. Kelly knew that despite her desperate urge to pee, and the large block of ice she was waiting to finish melting, she couldn't let Zora's unspoken challenge go unmet. Ordering last, Kelly ordered the same extra large glass of soda, all while knowing full well she'd probably be kicking herself in the butt later for it. Kelly silently cursed Will for arranging this dinner, knowing she would be driven by rivalry to make poor decisions like this. But Kelly had been shamed enough in front of Zora, she wouldn't grant her arch-rival even a small victory by turning down her unspoken challenge.

The men, not having a full bladder to deal with like their girlfriends, ended up doing the bulk of the dinner conversation. Zora and Kelly each contributed to the conversation, but only just enough to avoid looking like they were being too silent because they were distracted by their desperate urge to pee. While Zora wasn't talking she kept a close eye on Kelly for signs of weakness, and Kelly kept a close eye back on her. Whenever Kelly moved to take a sip of her soda Zora quickly moved to mimic her, until both their glasses were drained and they were both requesting a refill.

Though the women never said a word to each other about their unspoken challenge, the message in Zora's eyes was clear as the waiter refilled their large glasses. "Don't do something you'll soon regret Kelly" Zora's eyes warned with amusement, clearly unconcerned about her own bladder.

Kelly stubbornly took a sip of her refilled glass anyway, the message she was sending to Zora was clear. "Maybe you should look out for your own needs. I saw the way you eyed the ladies room when you came in".

Zora rolled her eyes at Kelly, dismissing her unsaid retort. "We'll see who is desperately gripping her pussy for dear life after dinner when we stand up and walk somewhere" her glaring eyes said to Kelly.

Kelly and Zora both ended up having 2 refills of their large glass of soda by the time dinner was over an hour later. Since it was now after 8:30 PM Kelly hoped her and William could head back to the vacation home. But of course since this was William she was talking about, there was no such luck with that. "How about we walk around the park for a bit before saying goodnight" he suggested to the group. Kelly silently cursed him as Matt and Zora agreed to his suggestion.

Kelly almost moaned in agony as she took Will's hand and stood up. Just standing up seemed to set off her overextended bladder something fierce. She could almost feel the gallons of piss sloshing around violently inside her bladder, trying desperately to squeeze past her bladder's sphincter. Kelly pretended to adjust her jeans so that she could grab her crotch for half a second as an unbearable urge to pee swept through her. Her hands swept over the lock on her jeans as she did this, which reminded her of the stakes to keep holding on. Kelly forced her pee hole to clamp down harder to contain her flood of pent up piss until the wave of desperation passed.

When Kelly had the nerve to glance back at Zora she saw her arch-rival's eyes fixed on the small lock on the front of Kelly's jeans. Zora smiled back at her, with newfound understanding and respect in her eyes. If only her arch-rival knew where the key to the lock was Kelly thought. She imagined if Zora knew that she would probably tease Kelly by telling her that she would pee herself later tonight from the lock. She imagined Zora would also throw in a snarky comment that it's good that the lock would force Kelly to behave like a 'real lady' and prevent her from 'cheating' by dropping her jeans to pee wherever she pleased.

The first thing Kelly noticed as they stepped outside was that it had gotten a tad chilly now that the sun had gone down. Kelly breathed a sigh of relief that she at least had the foresight to wear long sleeves today despite the warmer weather. The chilly air wouldn't be great on her bladder, but it could be a lot worse. Zora, in her short black dress wasn't so fortunate however, Kelly watched her shiver a bit as she stepped outside.

"Wow, it sure got chilly quick, the temperature was fine when we went in the restaurant" Zora commented as she rubbed her hands for warmth. One glance at her told Kelly that her arch-rival was definitely worried about how the chilly air would hit her bladder. Maybe it was already making its presence known in her bladder.

"If you want to get somewhere warm we could just call it a night and skip the walk" Kelly suggested. Part of Kelly hoped Zora agreed with her suggestion, she didn't want to be out in the chilly night air anymore then Zora did, not when she hadn't peed in 38 and a half hours. But the stubborn part of Kelly gave Zora a look daring her to admit weakness by agreeing to skip the walk in the slightly chilly evening air. Already Zora was rubbing her legs together, pretending it was to keep warm, but Kelly knew it was to hide her desperate fidgeting by pretending she was just shivering from the chill. Kelly was dying to fidget her legs together in the same way, but she kept her legs still, not wanting to give Zora any added hope that she wasn't suffering alone.

"It's only a little chilly, I'll survive" Zora answered. The look Zora gave Kelly said the rest of her unspoken message. "I'm the reigning bladder queen, do you really think you can get me to back down from a challenge to my bladder that easily?".

Though the walk in the park started with Will by Kelly's side, and Matt by Zora's side, the two women soon fell behind the men as the men continued their dinner conversation. This allowed Zora and Kelly to eye each other more closely, and have a whispered conversation without the men overhearing.

"I'm impressed" Zora whispered, "I never thought you'd have the guts to try a padlock to stop yourself from peeing wherever you want. But of course you wouldn't need the padlock if you weren't willing to drop your jeans and pee anywhere as if you were a guy. I guess girls with weak bladders need all the practice holding it that they can get if they ever want to defeat the reigning bladder queen".

"Maybe you should try the same thing" Kelly retorted. "As I recall you were practically pissing yourself in the shower a few months ago, all because you couldn't wait in line for your turn at the toilet like a lady". Kelly knew she had ticked Zora off when she saw her blush with embarrassment and get an angry look on her face, but Kelly didn't care. If Zora was going to mock her bladder then she could get hers mocked right back.

"Women who are desperate to pee and can't drop their jeans to go to in the bushes like they normally do should be careful what they say" Zora whispered back angrily. "I would love to be the one holding the key to your padlock Kelly, I would love to be able to make you and your pathetic bladder suffer until you piss yourself again. I can't believe you were no doubt foolish enough to give Will the key. I wish I could be there when you piss yourself later tonight when he refuses to give you the key".

"Says the woman who's too much of a coward to ever try the padlock for herself" Kelly retorted stubbornly. "I know you think that you don't have to because you refuse to ever pee outdoors, and you often avoid many public ladies rooms for fear of them being too dirty, but it's not the same Zora. Ever since our trip to the beach and your little accident in the ladies room you've repeatedly turned down your friend's suggestions to spend another weekend at the beach drinking lots of beer, haven't you?". The surprise and anger on Zora's face told Kelly that her intuition was correct on the last point, so she kept on going. "Face it Zora, you got one lucky victory, but deep down you're a coward who knows she can't repeat it. You know I'd win if we had a rematch".

Anger was clear on Zora's face, she seemed tempted to whisper a retort, yet she kept her mouth shut, as if unsure what to say. Silence stretched between the ladies again as Matt and William continued to talk. With nothing else to distract her, Kelly felt the slight chill of the air hitting her bladder, making her need to pee worse than before, she anxiously rubbed her legs together while walking. Kelly was tempted to stick her hands in her jean's pocket to grip her crotch through the fabric, but she didn't, she couldn't with Zora walking right next to her.

Kelly didn't want Zora to tease her over it, Kelly's stubborn pride still wanted her to look strong and unconcerned about her bladder in front of her arch-rival. Zora seemed to be effected by the slight chill even worse than Kelly due to her skimpier attire. Zora bit her lips anxiously and kept rubbing her legs together while walking. Zora didn't have pockets on her dress to jam her hands in to keep warm, or to try to subtly gripping her crotch through. The two women began to walk faster, both eager for this nightmarish walk to end, and soon took the lead over the men. Kelly couldn't help but notice how Zora's eyes seemed to be anxiously glancing around for something from time to time.

After another 10 minutes of walking Kelly and William were walking side by side again, as were Zora and Matt. Both couples were whispering quietly to each other as they reached the end of the walkway. Kelly whispered to Will to look closely at Zora, "she's a lot more desperate then she's letting on Will. She's been looking around anxiously the last few minutes, as if she really wants to find some place to pee", Will nodded, whispering that he agreed. Kelly was still quite desperate to pee herself, but any distraction, even the suspicion of someone else having to pee worse than her was a welcome distraction from her own urgent need.

Whatever Zora and Matt were whispering to each other Kelly couldn't overhear it, but Zora's body language had definitely gotten more frantic the last 10 minutes. All Kelly knew was that Zora and Matt began to look at each other sheepishly for a moment as their whispered conversation stopped. They exchanged a smile before turning around to face Kelly and William.

"This'll be it for us guys" Matt said. "We parked our car a few blocks away. I guess we'll see you around back on campus".

"Alright then, I had a good time" William replied.

"Same here, see you around" Kelly agreed, glad for any excuse to head back to the vacation home, even if she still had to wait a while for the ice to melt.

"Well if we all had a good time, maybe we should hangout more some other time then" Zora suggested as her legs fidgeted around impatiently. "I hear some college students like to go camping in the mountains near campus. Maybe we should do that together sometime when it's warmer in the evenings".

The camping suggestion surprised Kelly, especially since it was Zora of all people who had suggested it. One look into Zora's eyes confirmed the real reason for the suggestion to Kelly, an opportunity for a hold it contest rematch. Kelly smiled inwardly, she must have stung Zora and her pride with her insults more then she had realized. "I'm not much of a camper but it sounds like it could be pretty fun" Kelly replied. Her eyes carried the rest of her unspoken message. "You're on Zora, your iron bladder won't be so lucky this time around". Matt and Will eagerly nodded in agreement, both also aware of what Zora was really suggesting, but not how Kelly had goaded her into it.

"Good" Zora replied anxiously, clearly eager for this conversation to be over so she could be elsewhere. "See you both around", and then she and Matt began to walk one way, while Kelly followed William the other way.

Kelly looked back a moment later, and smiled as she saw Zora clearly gripping her crotch in desperation as she practically ran with Matt across the park grass. Kelly smiled, knowing the park's public restrooms were in the direction her arch-rival was running towards. Kelly knew from her sightseeing with Will yesterday that the park's public restrooms were already closed at this hour, too bad Zora didn't know that Kelly thought with a wicked grin. "After what she said about my padlock, it would serve her right if she peed herself right outside the locked ladies room door" Kelly thought to herself with a smile. Perhaps it was extremely unlikely to happen to a girl with as strong a bladder as Zora's, but Kelly could still dream.

Kelly's own need, while still bad, wasn't quite as urgent as it had been a few moments ago. Kelly made herself wait until she was certain Zora would see nothing if she glanced in her direction before she allowed herself to openly fidget and grab her crotch as she walked. "I never knew that black haired bitch was so insecure about her iron bladder" Kelly announced smugly to William. When Will raised an eye in confusion, Kelly explained how she had goaded Zora into suggesting the camping trip by wounding her pride.

"That was cleverly fiendish of you Kelly" Will laughed. "And won't she be surprised when she finds you a much tougher opponent then last time" Will added with encouragement, earning a smile from Kelly. "I wish our walk could have lasted a while longer though" Will admitted with disappointment. "I think Zora was in serious danger of springing a leak because of the chilly air's effect on her bladder". Kelly nodded her agreement. "I bet Zora's been holding it for at least as long as you Kelly, if not longer. She really wanted us to go our separate ways in a hurry. I wouldn't be surprised if she was urging Matt to find her a clean bathroom quick".

"Did Matt give you any clues how long she's been waiting?" Kelly asked curiously, all while remaining acutely aware of how urgently she still needed to go.

"I got the feeling from Matt that Zora's been holding it for longer then she would have liked, even by her iron bladder standards" Matt answered. "Apparently the bathroom's in the motel that they're staying at are so bad that Zora refuses to use them. I think she's been trying to find a public ladies room that's clean enough for her standards to use".

"Well, if the black haired bitch doesn't hurry then it looks she'll be holding it all night to after the stores close. I'd love to see that stubborn bitch piss herself, but I guess I'll have to wait until our camping trip" Kelly replied smugly. Her own bladder though throbbed in sympathy for her arch-rival's desperate plight.

It took a few minutes of walking before Kelly realized that Will wasn't leading her back to the car. By now, with the adrenaline of having to control herself around Zora having worn off, her bladder had begun to desperately throb incessantly again, so she was eager to get back to the vacation home. "Where are we going Will?" she asked, hoping that Will had simply made a wrong turn by mistake, but knowing full well he hadn't. "This isn't the way we came".

"What's the matter Kelly?" Will asked mischievously. "You know there's no point in heading back so soon, it'll take all night for the ice containing your key to melt. So there's really no reason for us to not visit a bar and have a drink".

Kelly sighed loudly in frustration, of course Will wouldn't want their night out to end so soon, he was enjoying it too much. "Will! I've been holding it for nearly 39 hours already! Can't we just call it a night? I don't know how much longer I'll be able to hold it!" Kelly begged, as she fought to keep all her boiling pent up piss contained.

"Kelly, don't you remember what you asked me yesterday morning?" Will asked calmly. "You specifically said 'If I tell you I can't wait any longer, I want you to call me a liar and make me wait even longer until you finally give me the key'. Well, here's the part where you asked me to call you a liar, I think you can hold it quite a while longer".

"I'm not asking you to let me pee! I'm just asking you to take me back to the vacation home instead of a bar!" Kelly moaned. In the back of her mind Kelly knew there was a good chance that she was just wasting her breathe, or worse yet only encouraging Will to do exactly what she asked him not to do. But in her desperate state, struggling to keep her bladder corked up, Kelly thought it was worth the risk as she pressed on. "I don't want to risk peeing myself in public Will! If you want to drink some beer, I can drink it at the vacation home just as well as I can at a bar!".

William paused, as if considering Kelly's offer, all while watching her squirming around desperately, clearly bursting for a pee. He smiled as he made a decision, and announced "I'll tell you what Kelly, just 4 beers, and then we can go back to the vacation home, and stay there for the rest of the night".

"You evil bastard!" Kelly swore as all the gallons of piss brewing in her bladder tried with renew urgency to escape her corked up pee hole. Will's threats were almost too much for her to resist the urge to urinate any longer, as Kelly bent over gripping her pussy with both hands. "As I'm sure you recall Will, I drank 6 cans of soda within 20 minutes earlier tonight for that same promise already! Yet we both know what happened when we got back to the vacation home!".

"Ok, that's a fair point, that was a jerk move on my part" William conceded. "How about only 3 beers then?".

Kelly groaned loudly in frustration, knowing she was just wasting her breath and letting William toy with her for his own amusement. "Damn it Will! Fine! Let's go to this damn bar and get it over with already!" she grumbled.

"But Kelly, we both know how much you love hanging out at bars" Will protested playfully. "I wouldn't want to cut my girl's fun short".

Kelly sighed inwardly, she should have seen this coming the second Will suggested the bar. Kelly normally loved to go to bars, especially back when she was single. She wasn't above using her good looks and charm to get a free drink from single guys at a bar when she came alone. Nor was she above using her small body size to win some spare cash by betting random strangers that she could drink them under the table, or drink her beer faster than them. Few ever suspected from a glance that the short long haired blonde girl could handle more beer than the much larger college jocks.

Kelly's frequent visit to the nearest bar to the college campus had been where she had met Will in the first place and hooked up with him. Even when Kelly went to a bar with Will she often liked to show off by making bets involving drinking beer with other strangers. Will enjoyed watching her do this and acting as a referee, especially when he knew Kelly hadn't peed all day, and would only get more desperate after drinking all that beer.

So Kelly had little doubt what Will's idea of her having fun at a bar would involve. Her bladder protested at the thought of racing to down a bunch of beer when she was already dying to pee so bad, with a much needed trip to the toilet nowhere in sight anytime soon. Kelly could have protested once more against the cruel task Will had in mind for her desperately throbbing bladder, but she knew it wouldn't change his mind. So she decided to salvage her pride instead, looking stiffly into Will's eyes with as much feigned confidence as she could muster. "Fine... I can handle a few beers" she muttered as she desperately gripped her pussy for dear life, hoping that her desperate bladder could back up her words.

When Will had said he'd take her back to the vacation home after she had 3 or 4 beers Kelly had assumed he met 12 ounce glasses of beer. But Will soon made clear that he was thinking of pint sized glasses, which contained an extra 4 ounces. Kelly's eyes widened in fear when Will returned to their booth with the drinks, and placed several pint sized glasses of beer in front of her. When she looked at Will, the unspoken message behind the grin on his face was clear, saying he hadn't promised anything about the size of the beer glasses Kelly needed to drink.

Her reaction wasn't lost on the opponent Will had found for their drinking game. "What's the matter, scared of a little beer?" her opponent asked her. When Will had told her that he would find Kelly a suitable opponent willing to wager $20 or so on beating her in a beer drinking contest, Kelly had expected him to return with a muscular guy with a big ego. Instead Will had returned with a tough looking brunette biker chick, her name was Katrina, she looked to be about 10 years older than Kelly. She was seated directly across the table from Kelly.

"Of course I'm not scared of a 'little' beer, whatever gave you that silly idea?" Kelly asked Katrina anxiously.

"Maybe the fact that you keep anxiously glancing towards the ladies room and fidgeting around behind the table" Katrina replied in a no nonsense tone. "Looks to me like you've really gotta pee and don't want to drink all that beer". Kelly couldn't help but blush at being found out so soon. She had hoped the booth would help her hide her desperate need to pee from Katrina and the others in the bar.

"Yes... I really need to pee badly" Kelly admitted, still blushing as she squirmed around in her seat. "I... don't like using public toilets, and he likes making me desperate to pee... so I oblige for him". Kelly thought it better to avoid mentioning just how long she been holding it, she hoped Katrina wouldn't prod farther.

When Will didn't say a word to add onto or contradict Kelly's half truth, Katrina looked back and forth between both of them and smirked. "Well... that would make the two of us quite similar then Kelly" she replied with a grin. "Until I checked into my motel room a half an hour ago I hadn't used the toilet in over 24 hours, so I peed quite the gusher. I've been riding across the country on my bike all day today. I could have used a gas station bathroom, but I avoid them at all costs, they're always disgusting".

One look at Will told Kelly that he was just as surprised by Katrina's admission as she was. Kelly found herself wishing that Katrina hadn't been able to check into a motel and take a much needed pee in her room before coming to the bar. It would have at least left Katrina just as distracted by her own full bladder during their contest as Kelly was by her own desperate need to pee after holding it for nearly 39 hours. Kelly grit her teeth, knowing this would be a tough match up for her. Kelly had little doubt from Katrina's outward confidence that this wasn't her first drinking contest.

Kelly surprised herself during the drinking contest by managing to narrowly finish her first pint of beer before Katrina despite how badly her urge to pee distracted her. But Kelly wasn't so lucky in the rest of the contest, as Katrina retook a narrow lead during the second beer, and only expanded that lead during the third beer.

Katrina left the bar shortly after collecting her $20 winnings from Kelly. As soon as Katrina was out of sight, Kelly leaned in towards Will and whispered anxiously. "Can we get going now to? I really want to get back to the vacation home, even if it'll be a while until I can pee".

Will shook his head. "Not yet Kelly. You really should have been able to beat Katrina, you were ahead of her after the first beer".

"I know Will, it was a close match I should have won" Kelly sighed. "I'm sorry I lost, it's hard to focus on downing my beer faster than someone else when I have to pee so damn bad" she complained.

Will shook his head again, like a stern coach. "Excuses don't change a loss Kelly. Do you want to defeat your arch-rival Zora and her iron bladder, or just make excuses when she beats you again?".

"Of course I want to win against her Will!" Kelly replied immediately.

"Well then Kelly, you're going to have to try harder than you did against Katrina" Will told her, still using his stern coach voice. Will slid his untouched pint of beer over to Kelly. "I think you need to have a penalty drink for losing that contest Kelly. Maybe the punishment will help you learn to focus better in future drinking contests, and be added practice for your next holding contest against Zora".

Kelly's bladder spasmed fiercely in protest at the thought of drinking yet another pint of beer. She let out a groan and shoved both hands into her pussy until the wave of desperation passed. Kelly had suspected Will might arrange some kind of a punishment for her when she lost the drinking contest to Katrina, and Will, being the jerk he was at times had done precisely that.

Kelly knew Will expected her to beg him to reconsider this punishment, beg him to show her mercy. But Kelly decided to go the other route, in hopes of manipulating him to take her back to the vacation home sooner. Looking straight into his eyes, mustering up all the strength she could, Kelly tried to look calm, or at least less tense. "No mercy for your desperate girl then, even when she hasn't peed over 39 hours" she asked in a flat uncaring tone, even as her fists were still rammed into her pussy.

"As I recall, you gave me the key specifically because you knew I wouldn't show you any mercy, and that's what you wanted" Will countered.

Kelly glanced down at the large pint of beer, and back at Will. "Fine. But no more alcoholic beverages after this" she stated, Will nodded his head in agreement. Kelly hoped that this would be the last thing she'd have to drink until Will took her back to the vacation home.

With her stomach so full of beer from the previous pints, it was 9:30 PM by the time Kelly managed to finish the 4th pint to satisfy Will. Though she wished she didn't have to pee so darn badly, Kelly had to admit that the alcohol in the beer, and the mild buzzed feeling it had given her almost made it worth the extra nagging from her bladder.

Getting up from her seat turned out to be just as much of a nightmare as Kelly had imagined. She couldn't help but grip her pussy desperately with both hands, and then quickly hobble out of the bar in embarrassment with Will right behind her. "I can't believe I did that in front of all those people. Everyone in that bar will be talking about the pathetic little girl who couldn't hold her pee" Kelly hissed to Will as she tried to stand up straight while hobbling desperately back to the car.

"But you are still holding your pee in" Will countered with encouragement. "You've been holding your pee in for 39 and a half hours, you should be proud Kelly. No matter how much you cross your legs or grip your crotch to do it doesn't change the fact that you're my stubborn girl who has refused to let herself pee in close to two days".

Kelly moaned at the reminder of how long she'd been without relief, as the piss sloshed around inside her exhausted bladder. "I don't know how I'll ever hold it all night long Will, no matter how stubborn and determined I am. I may be stubborn as hell, but even my body has its limits. A girl can only hold it for so long before she reaches even her considerable limits".

"Even so, you will be able to keep holding it all night long Kelly, I have faith in you" Will replied. Kelly said nothing, but Will noticed the beginning of a smile on her lips at Will's confidence in her.

Kelly would have liked to have hurried back to the car, but in her extremely desperate state, with the cold night air wreaking havoc on her bladder again, Kelly could only manage to take small steps. Once inside the car, Kelly, more frantic than ever, demanded Will drive slowly. "If you bounce the car around too much I might just lose it all over your car seat!" Kelly warned. So Will drove quite slowly for Kelly, trying to use his headlights to help him avoid any bumps on the road.

So it wasn't until 10 PM that she and William finally arrived back at the vacation home, a whole 40 hours since Kelly had last peed.

Kelly couldn't help but hobble towards the bowl of ice to check on how close she was to getting at her key. She groaned in frustration upon seeing how little the ice had melted. "There's still so much ice left Will! How am I ever going to make it to the toilet without pissing myself first!" she moaned loudly. Kelly's throbbing bladder, so full with gallons of boiling pent up piss, tried with renewed urgency to expel her heavy load of piss. Kelly groaned, she knew losing even a few drops would quickly turn into losing a flood, she couldn't let that happen. Kelly gripped her crotch with both hands, and double crossed her legs, squirming around madly in desperation. Her squirming paid off, she managed to prevent her throbbing pussy's exhausted pee hole from leaking a drop, as her bladder's desperate urges began to calm down a bit.

"Trust me, it's still going to take a while for the rest of the ice to melt Kelly" Will replied sympathetically. "Like I said, I've experimented with this before. It'll finish melting sometime in the morning".

Kelly groaned in disappointment, but nodded in acknowledgement. She hobbled to the nearest chair, sat down, and continued to squirm around desperately in her seat. "I... can't believe... I've gone so long... without a pee... I need to pee so fucking bad Will" Kelly groaned.

"I know you do Kelly, but if anyone can hold it when she has to pee that bad it would be you, my little iron bladder queen" Will replied encouragingly. Will's eyes were glued to Kelly's desperate agony, the bulge in his pants showing just how much he was enjoying it. But he managed to avert his eyes just long to quickly glance at his watch, and smile. "By the way, I should congratulate you on a small victory Kelly. As far as we know you've now tied the record for your arch-rival's longest time ever without a piss, 40 whole hours. And you've probably drank just as much as she did during that hold". Will left how Zora hadn't been able to hold it any longer then that unmentioned.

Kelly shook her head in disagreement. "Not... good enough... I've gotta be... better then that bitch was a few months ago... otherwise... she'll win again...".

Will smiled, eager to keep feeding Kelly's stubborn pride. "Right you are Kelly, we saw for ourselves that Zora is still pushing herself to hold it as long as she can, so you should too. Aren't you glad now that you gave me the key to your padlock so that I could push you this far?".

Kelly grudgingly nodded her head without a word, knowing that she still had a very difficult night ahead of her. Kelly didn't even want to know how much streaming hot 40 hour old piss she was struggling to hold onto. Her skin was stretched taut over her increasingly distended bladder. Her once loose jeans were becoming quite tight because of how much her bladder had expanded. The lack of room for her increasingly rock hard bladder bulge to expand was beginning to turn her jeans into more of a torture device from the pressure they were applying right to her bladder. Kelly had no idea how she would ever hold it till morning, let alone get any sleep without losing her load.

All Kelly knew was that she couldn't let herself just give up so easily after coming this far already. Kelly would try to find some way to keep all her boiling pent up piss corked up inside her overnight, because she told herself, that's what a true bladder queen did when peeing wasn't an option.

===

That's it for now. I've got a sizeable amount for the finale already done, but it'll take time to finish writing that to.

$

*013*2018-02-10 04:52

Thanks guys. I'm still hard at work on part #3, I've made decent progress, but real life hasn't been leaving me as much time to work on it as I had hoped. I hope to at least make a decent amount of additional progress this weekend.

Also SAM996, I don't really do suggestions sorry, I don't have much free time to work on writing stories lately, especially since my stories tend to be quite long. I've written a few short stories in the past, but they aren't really my thing.

I have a document on my computer with pages and pages of my own ideas for future stories already. A few of your ideas do sound intriguing, but like I said, I don't have time to write it at the moment.

