Soaking Wet Mittens (be my beta tester!)

Author: FeatherWatt

*000*2017-02-03 23:04

Nina shuffled off the bed, followed Samantha, stood blushing with Samantha on either side of the toilet.

"Well," said Samantha, her ears turning red. "Here we are."

Nina grinned, not meeting Samantha's eyes. "Yeah, I guess."

"Um," said Samantha. She looked down. "Close the door?"

"Oh!" Nina turned around, closed the two of them into the bathroom together. "Sorry."

"Sorry," said Samantha. "I guess it's silly..."

"No!" said Nina, holding up her hands. "No, it's not silly at all. Um."

As one, Samantha and Nina looked towards the toilet.

"Um," said Samantha.

Nina looked up. "You okay, Sam?"

Samantha nodded. "Never let anyone see me pee before."

"Sam," said Nina, touching Samantha's arm, "if you don't want to do this, then we can just, like, not do it. Or do it later. I'm okay with this taking as long as it takes."

Samantha swallowed. She looked over to Nina, and smiled. "I want to." She looked away, still grinning. "I'm just shy."

Nina looked down.

_Oh._

"Sam, are you shy about peeing in front of me, or shy about this moment right now where you sit down on the toilet?"

Nina saw some of the fine, light hairs on Samantha's arms prickle up, watched her blush deepen. "Right now, um..." She hesitated. "The second one."

Nina looked around. "There's a shower right there."

Samantha followed Nina's gaze. "How would that work?"

"Well," said Nina, counting on her fingers, "you could..." she swallowed, forced herself to say the words, "squat down and pee while I watched, and maybe I could touch you while you did that. Or, I could take my clothes off, we could stand up and cuddle and you could go on my thigh. Or, the same, lying down."

Samantha bit her lip. "I like cuddly," she murmured. She seemed to be mulling it over. "Nina, um... can I say something really embarrassing?"

Nina smiled. "Always."

"Uh... I'm, um..." Samantha struggled. "I'm having trouble putting it into words. And when I manage that, I'm having trouble saying it."

Nina scooped Samantha into an embrace, pressed herself against Samantha's warm, naked body, slid her hands over the soft, smooth skin on her back, and felt Samantha's knees move in the tiny familiar crouch that allowed Nina to rest her chin on Samantha's shoulder.

"Whisper it in my ear, Sam. I promise I'll never tell a soul."

After a few seconds, Samantha's voice was more felt than heard - tiny expulsions of warm, sweet breath in Nina's ear.

"I don't know whether I want to feel embarrassed or not," whispered Samantha.

"Go on," whispered Nina.

She heard Samantha swallow. "I think that... um..." her voice dropped to barely audible - "sitting down on the... the toilet, that, uh... that would be very embarrassing. I think..." she hesitated. "I think going in the shower would be less embarrassing, somehow."

"But you're not sure whether it'd feel _better_ to be a little bit embarrassed?" asked Nina, in a whisper.

"Yeah."

"If we go embarrassing enough, we might come out the other side," whispered Nina. "Or, you could have me choose, but I would probably choose the one that's least embarrassing for you. I don't know how embarrassing you want it."

Nina heard Samantha chuckle softly, felt her pretty breath. "I don't know either, that's the problem. How would we do that? I didn't know there even _was_ another side."

Nina grinned. "You did it to me, just a minute ago. When you were being my mistress."

"Oh," whispered Samantha. She paused. "Language."

"The power of words, Sam. If you want to feel _more_ embarrassed, you know what to say."

Nina felt Samantha's lips brush against the very tip of her ear. She shivered.

"I'm going to sit down," whispered Samantha. "Right in front of you."

Nina touched Samantha's earlobe with her lips. "On the floor?"

"No, silly..." Samantha hesitated. "On the... y'know, on the toilet."

Nina drew in breath in a scandalized gasp. "You're going to sit down on the _toilet,_ right in _front_ of me?"

"Yes," whispered Samantha. "And I'll... I'll open my legs, Nina. So that you can see my naked crotch."

"Should I avert my eyes, Sam?"

"No," and Nina could hear the grin in Sam's whispered voice. "No, I want you to watch. And feel."

"Watch and feel _what,_ Sam?"

Nina felt Samantha's embrace tighten, her soft breasts pressing close. "Should I say it?"

Nina grinned. "Go on. Say it."

"Okay," whispered Samantha. "I want you to watch me..." her breath caught, and she swallowed. "I want you to watch me urinate, Nina."

Nina felt a hot shiver run up her spine, a wet aching between her legs. "May I watch you urinate, Sam?"

"Yes, Nina, please watch me urinate." Nina felt a squeeze. "Would you like me to pee on your hand?"

"I would _love_ that, Sam. _Please_ go to the bathroom on my hand." Nina swallowed, out of breath, feeling something inside her chest that was almost like a laugh, but warmer.

_Some involuntary whimper of joy, perhaps?_

"Lift the lid for me, Nina," whispered Samantha.

Nina reached behind Samantha, did as she was told. It felt cold.

"Okay, Sam," said Nina breathlessly as she felt Samantha begin to move.

"I'm sitting down now, hon. Watch me pee."

Nina watched Samantha slide backwards, kissed her gently and sweetly on the lips, ran her fingers along Samantha's arms as she sat down. "I'm watching," said Nina.

"Watch me," whispered Samantha, her eyes closed.

Nina looked down. Samantha's legs were slowly opening, her pubic area in shadow.

"I'm watching," said Nina. "Do you mind if I kneel down?"

Samantha smiled, her eyes still closed. "So you can see better?"

Nina grinned back, her blush saturating her ears. "So I can see better while you pee, yes. Also so I can kiss you."

"Kneel down, love," said Samantha, opening her eyes. "C'mere."

Nina knelt down - feeling a wet slither inside her pants - leaned forward, and touched her lips to Samantha's. Samantha kissed back, opening her lips and sliding them smoothly over Nina's, one hand at the back of Nina's head, the other gently taking Nina's wrist, guiding Nina's cold, trembling fingers to a hot, damp place between Samantha's legs.

Samantha pulled back slowly, licked her lips, looked Nina gently in the eye. "Here," she said, and Nina's fingers found themselves touching the softest, hottest, wettest part of Samantha.

"_God_ you're wet, Sam," breathed Nina, stroking her fingertips over the slick skin at either side of Samantha's labia.

"Are you wet too, hon?"

Nina grinned. "I literally felt a squelch when I knelt down." She looked down, at her crotch. "I'm actually surprised it's not showing through."

Samantha grinned back. "Let's make it wetter."

"Okay," breathed Nina, her eyes wide and sparkling.

She watched Samantha bite her lip - felt something tense and release in her crotch.

"Um," said Samantha. "I _do_ need to go, Nina, it's..."

"I know," giggled Nina. "Shy bladder?"

Samantha chuckled, blushing. "Yeah." She gently pushed Nina's fingers against her crotch. "Do you want to do it like this?"

Nina allowed Samantha's fingers to guide her own, and gently cupped Samantha's crotch. "If, uh... if you _can_ go like that..."

"I think so," whispered Samantha. "Give me a minute."

The two sat in silence for a moment, Samantha looking past Nina, at nothing in particular.

"Any second," murmured Samantha. "Sorry."

"It's okay," said Nina, her heart pounding in her ears, mouth dry. "I think I mentioned before," she said, giving Samantha's crotch a gentle squeeze, "that waiting was the best part."

"Let me take my socks off," said Samantha, pulling up first her left leg, then her right - Nina felt Samantha's labia move wetly against her hand. "I don't know why," said Samantha, dropping the socks to the floor. "I don't typically have any trouble peeing with my socks on."

Nina giggled. "I like you naked," she said, giving Samantha's vulva a little stroke.

"Ah!" said Samantha.

"That make you need to pee?" asked Nina.

"I _really_ need to go already," giggled Samantha.

"Go, then," whispered Nina. "Just let it out. Don't force it. Just relax."

"I'm trying," said Samantha, quietly. "Hold still a minute..."

"There's no rush," said Nina, her movements slowing to a stop.

"Okay," said Samantha. "Just a second."

More silence. Samantha bit her lower lip. Nina felt a pulse inside her underwear - _God, she's so hot._

"Oh -" said Nina, realization hitting her - "should I look away?"

Samantha turned to look at Nina, and chuckled softly. "Heh - no. No, look at me." She grinned, blushing, and whispered. "It's more embarrassing."

Nina giggled. "Okay."

"It's weird," said Samantha, looking into Nina's eyes. "I really, _really_ need to go."

"Like I said, no rush. Sam, _thank you._"

Samantha smiled. "I love you, Nina."

Nina smiled back. "I love you too. With all my heart."

"I love you _so_ much," said Samantha, as Nina felt a tiny trickle of something hot and wet, pooling in her palm.

"Oh my God..." whispered Nina. Her palm overflowed, and hot urine ran between her fingers. She heard dripping in the toilet, as the flow cut off.

"Is that nice?" asked Samantha.

"_God,_ Sam..." whispered Nina, squeezing her thighs together.

_My cunt is burning. Leaking. I'm more turned on than I've ever been._

"Why don't you take your pants off," whispered Samantha, "so you can masturbate while we do this."

Nina struggled to her feet, brought her hand up to her button - "Let me," said Samantha, her hands already there. "Don't go getting your pants wet." A quick tug, and Nina's pants and underwear were around her ankles. Nina hurriedly allowed Samantha to pull them off her feet and toss them into a corner. Nina knelt down in her socks and T-shirt, her left hand slipping between her thighs and finding her sopping clitoris with an unexpected thrill of sensation almost overwhelming in its intensity.

"Oh, _God..._" shuddered Nina.

"Feel good, love?" asked Samantha, taking the fingers of Nina's right hand and guiding them back to where they were.

"I knew it'd feel _good,_ but... _wow..._" Nina felt something drip against her thigh. "This is..."

"Yeah?" breathed Samantha, low and intimate, and Nina felt another trickle against her fingers.

Orgasm immediately and unexpectedly bloomed inside Nina, rushing outwards from her labia and pulsing - a surprisingly all-over sensation, the sort of orgasm you feel in your spine.

_That involuntariness again... didn't have to clench here, didn't have to relax there, like picking a lock... A tiny little stroke, a word, and half an ounce of fluid, and she just smacks that lock off the door with her huge massive cum-hammer..._

"_Jesus!_" cried Nina.

And the sensation was familiar, too - that cyclic, churning, _spinning_ force, its center pulsing at her crotch, waves cascading to her curling toes, shifting, ripples of bliss warming the knees that sat on cold tile.

_Ah, the nuclear whirlwind feeling..._

And beyond. Nina expected the feeling to intensify, because she'd felt it once before, recently - but the sensation grew, accelerated, felt almost like the orgasm was happening outside of her body. She was in the dead center of something huge and awe-inspiring, whose effects were felt miles away as brilliant electromagnetic waves deep in her muscles. If she moved an inch in any direction, she'd be too close to the power - it'd tear her apart. She was in the eye of a storm, the conductor for a force that was a thousand times bigger and more powerful than she was.

It receded as she heard drips from her hand, and noted that her throat hurt.

"Wow," said Samantha, muffled and far away - "that looked _amazing,_ hon. _Sounded_ amazing, too."

"Buh," said Nina, and swallowed. "Wow." Slowly she opened her eyes - that same blooming effect. The bathroom was mostly white tile - overwhelmingly bright. Samantha's hair was a dark blur. "Was I... loud?"

Samantha nodded and giggled - and as she did so, Nina felt a tiny squirt in her palm.

She shivered. "Are you still holding it?"

Nods and giggles again. "I am. Only took a few drops to make you come, huh?"

"Ah..."

Samantha smiled at her. "Here." She leaned forward, and stroked her fingers down Nina's tummy to her crotch. Nina felt Samantha's finger curl up inside her, effortless through slick lips, and simultaneously, Nina's palm flooded, warm rivulets running between her fingers.

"Oh my God, Sam..."

"Mmm," hummed Samantha, low and soft. "It _does_ feel good, to let go."

"Oh..." _And that's all I can think of to say._

"Shall I let it _all_ out, hon?"

Nina nodded. _Yes, no more teasing, no more holding back, no more making it a deliberately titillating thing._ "Go ahead and relax, Sam."

Samantha leaned forward and her lips met Nina's; a hand gently pulled on the back of Nina's head. "Mmf," she said, as Samantha's tongue slipped into her mouth. Then the flow strengthened - Nina felt a little exhalation against her top lip as hot urine ran down her fingers, hitting hard enough to splash.

_Sam is peeing on me. She's actually peeing on me._

_And dear God, it's hot._

"Mmm," purred Samantha, little vibrations inside Nina's mouth.

Slowly, the stream died down to a trickle, and then to a few drops, their frequency slowing, slowing, stopping. One more tiny little warm liquid tap on her fingers, and it was over. Samantha pulled back slowly, breaking the kiss with a tender suck on Nina's lower lip.

Samantha grinned, eyes wide behind her glasses. "That felt _good,_" she said, decisively. "Like, better than I _thought_ it would."

Nina grinned back. "I am _literally_ overjoyed to hear that, Sam." She kissed Samantha on the nose. "I mean, I don't actually think I could feasibly _fit_ more joy inside me right now."

Samantha sighed and wriggled happily on the seat - Nina felt Samantha's soft, hot wetness slither, friendly, against her fingers. "I am happy that you're happy." She hesitated. "I mean, I'm happy in my own right also - I know people say that when they're not happy, but I am. _Totes_ happy."

Nina leaned forward, trying to kiss Samantha.

_Ah. Kissing while grinning ear to ear and... am I making sounds?_

_I am!_

Nina suddenly realized she was making little "Hih-hih-hih" noises - something between a laugh and a hiccup. She stopped, and blushed.

Samantha grinned down at her, one eyebrow raised. "Are you a chipmunk, now?"

Nina giggled. "How long _was_ I doing that?"

Samantha shrugged. "Longer than you think. _Probably_ not as long as you're worrying about."

"I'm not worrying, hon." Nina squeezed the wet softness of Samantha's crotch. "After all, _you_ say "Oh my goodness" when you come."

Nina felt Samantha's giggle as she heard it - a warm, wet pulsing in the palm of her hand. "I do not," murmured Samantha.

"You do," said Nina, coy.

Samantha cocked her head to the side, and showed Nina a frown-smile. "_Do_ I?"

"Not _all_ the time," said Nina, curling a finger upwards, slithering lazily through Samantha's labia. "But sometimes."

Samantha looked down, at Nina's hand. "Just _look_ at that."

Nina did so. Her hand to the wrist, and the underside of Samantha's thighs, shone with clear droplets. Samantha's pubic hair was sodden, clinging to her mons.

"We made a mess, huh," murmured Nina.

"Show me your hand," said Samantha.

Nina pulled her hand out of the warmth between Samantha's legs, and turned it palm-up for inspection.

Samantha leaned forward, making a little "come-here" gesture with her finger.

Nina raised her hand to Samantha's face.

Samantha pushed her glasses up her nose, timidly moved her face forward, and sniffed.

"Hmm." Samantha wrinkled up her nose. "Not as bad as last time."

"You sniffed it?" asked Nina. "Before, I mean?"

Samantha grinned. "The plan was to taste it, but... well, it smelt like pee."

Nina laughed. "What did you _think_ it was gonna smell like, Sam?"

"I know, I know. But it's not as bad this time. Bring it here again."

Nina, having taken her hand away, moved it back toward Samantha's face.

Samantha stuck out her tongue, and touched it to the pad of Nina's index finger. It was brief - but warm, and soft, and Samantha's tongue slipped back inside her mouth in a quick, cute motion.

Samantha wrinkled up her nose.

Nina cocked an eyebrow. "Well?"

Samantha's eyebrows raised in the center, and her lips pursed. "I don't know," she said, quietly. "It's not _nice._"

"Well, no."

"But it's not what I expected," said Samantha. "It doesn't taste like it smells, does it?"

"No," said Nina, "no, it doesn't."

Nina swallowed, eyes on her own glistening fingers.

_I can't ask. That'd be weird. It'd freak her out._

They shone, glittering in the light.

_And I'm sure as hell not going to do it without permission - even if they _are_ my fingers._

"Would you like a taste?" whispered Samantha.

Nina looked up, into her eyes. Saw them narrowed and indulgent.

"Well?" asked Samantha. "Are you going to lick my piss off your fingers right in front of me, you naughty, filthy girl?"

"Mm," squeaked Nina, a faint, broken sound, and sucked her index finger.

Warm. Bitter. Unmistakable.

_Nobody else has ever tasted this. Some people have tasted something similar - but nobody else, in the whole world, has tasted this. Not from Sam. Not ever._

"Okay?" said Samantha. She was looking down at Nina with an expression of nervous excitement that made Nina giggle.

_Like she's waiting for my approval._

"Mmm-hmm," hummed Nina, slowly sliding her finger out of her mouth.

"It... tastes good, to you?" asked Samantha.

_Heheh. I know that if I were going to tell her without being as turned on as I am, I'd say "It's about as inoffensive as urine is ever gonna taste." But I _am_ turned on, aren't I, so of course I'm going to tell her that_ "It tastes _lovely,_ Sam."

"Really?"

Nina nodded, running the tip of her tongue over the palm of her hand.

Samantha leaned back, and spread her legs.

Nina swallowed, and looked down.

From above, she heard a soft, heavy, sultry voice.

"Lick me clean, little rabbit."

Nina felt a sudden flutter in her stomach, bubbling upwards, a warmth in her spine.

"I mean," said Samantha - "if you want to."

_Of course. I hesitated, so she gives me an out._ Nina grinned. _I love her._ Then she practically dived between Samantha's thighs. The scent was intense - sweet-sour, tangy, secret. Nina stuck out her tongue and slithered up Samantha's thigh, feeling the familiar sensation of her tongue drying out, becoming rubbery and dragging - but then encountering the first droplet, warm, salty, sinking into her tongue, refreshing it, helping her journey. Encouraging her.

It only got easier, the further up she went. Samantha's thigh became wetter, Nina's tongue became more saturated, the scent grew stronger. As Nina licked further up, she was no longer pushing a rough tongue up a dry thigh - she was smoothly sliding a wet mouth up soft, slippery, urine-dripping skin, feeling the warm fluid soak into her. Taking a part of Samantha into herself.

Finally she slid her tongue into the groove where Samantha's muscular thigh met her crotch - the whole area dripped with deep, hot, intimate flavor. Nina pulled her tongue back into her mouth, tasted its bitterness.

_Ah. Now, decision..._

She looked up, into Samantha's eyes. Samantha looked down, an awkward half-smile and a blush.

_Do I ask her if I may swallow, or do I just..._

Nina swallowed, indulgently, grinning, watching Samantha's eyes widen.

Nina narrowed her eyes and sank back into the depths between Samantha's thighs. A matted, sopping inverted triangle of dark brown pubic hair haloed Samantha's labia - Nina slipped her tongue between them, tasting more than feeling.

It was like how Samantha tasted between a workout and a shower - intimate sweat, body fluids. Messy and organic and human, with all the trappings of civilization removed. But moreso. The urine had a bitter, tangy, acidic quality, unpleasant, not a thing that one would normally dream of allowing someone else to taste.

_A secret taste,_ pondered Nina. _A taste just for me. Unfiltered Sam._

Samantha sat back and sighed happily, broadening the gap between her thighs, encouraging Nina, gently placing a hand on the back of her head.

Nina buried her nose in the wetness of Samantha's pubic hair - fluid squelched out and ran in a droplet down Nina's upper lip. She opened her mouth wide, flattened her tongue, and ran it slowly from Samantha's perineum to her clitoris, prompting a little jump and inhalation of air from Samantha. Nina felt wetness appear halfway up her tongue.

"Ah!" squeaked Samantha. She looked down, at Nina. "Mmm, hon..."

Nina gripped Samantha's hips, looked up at her, and slid her tongue forwards, gently easing deeper inside Samantha.

"Ooh..." Samantha stroked the back of Nina's head, looking her in the eye. "Is..." she breathed. "Is this weird?"

Nina pulled back and grinned. "Yup." She gently licked Samantha's still-wet right thigh, where it met the crotch, still bitter-tasting. "Should we stop?"

Samantha looked uncertain. "It feels nice and I don't want to stop you," she murmured, "but..."

_Oh, it's weird, isn't it. Too weird._ Feeling disappointment - _and guilt at myself for feeling disappointment, I should be accommodating_ - Nina set her hands atop Samantha's thighs, and raised her head. "What is it, Sam?"

Samantha stroked Nina's hair. "It's... getting cold."

Nina giggled with relief. "Yeah, not much fun after the fact, huh."

Samantha chuckled. "Yeah."

"Shower time?" asked Nina.

"Care to join me?"

Nina kissed Samantha briefly on her clitoris - just a peck. "Sure."

Samantha looked down at Nina - she appeared uncertain.

"Sam?"

"Hon," she struggled, "I'm actually kind of surprised how _much_ I enjoyed that, but... um..."

Nina cocked her head to the side. _Here's where she says she doesn't want to do it again, that she's scared how much she enjoyed it._ "Yes?"

"Would you brush your teeth before you kiss me?"

Nina grinned. _I really, really should stop assuming stuff like that._ "Of course."

Samantha looked towards the sink. "I love that our toothbrushes are friends."

Nina giggled. "I think they're more than friends."

"Go brush your teeth," whispered Samantha, "and join me in the shower."

Nina kissed Samantha once more, in the soft part between her pubic hair and her navel, and stood up. "Can I run the water while you're showering?"

Samantha, unfurling a long length of toilet paper, gave Nina a grinning, cocked-eyebrow Look. One that said "Really?"

Nina grinned, shaking her head. "I remember. Super-shower."

"Linux-powered," sang Samantha, happily, behind Nina.

"Your pee is sour," replied Nina, squeezing toothpaste onto her brush, watching Samantha in the mirror.

"Still nice to devour?"

Nina grinned. "For at least an hour."

She watched Samantha's brow furrow. Nina tasted mint, watching Samantha's hand dip between her thighs and begin patting herself dry. "I'd like to make you... cower?"

Nina watched Samantha's eyes travel down her back - was aware that she was wearing only a T-shirt, brushing her teeth with her bare bottom on display to Samantha.

The two were quiet for a moment, as Nina brushed her teeth and Samantha cleaned up.

"I think that's it," said Nina, around her toothbrush.

"Yeah," agreed Samantha, her eyes on Nina's behind. "I can't think of any more that make even the slightest sense." She flushed. "Have I mentioned lately that bare-bottomed women brushing their teeth are far more of a turn-on than you'd think?"

Nina grinned. "No, you haven't."

"Because I'm just now realizing it," said Samantha, watching Nina.

Nina spat - leaning forward a little, allowing her T-shirt to ride up. "You know what you get if you type "Girls brushing their teeth" into Youtube?"

Samantha sat with her chin in her hand, smiling at Nina's behind. "Videos of girls brushing their teeth?"

Nina grinned. "Yup. Tons of them. Each with hundreds of comments that say "Well done" and "More please" and so on. People are hilariously adorable sometimes." She turned her attention back to her teeth, feeling the fiber brush around - glanced at the cup in which her toothbrush lived with Samantha's.

Found herself reminiscing. It was a toothbrush that Samantha had bought for her, and placed into the cup next to her own, and _told_ Nina that she had bought her a toothbrush and placed it into the cup next to her own, and then showed it to her. And it was exactly - down to the color - the same as the toothbrush that Nina had at home. And Nina hugged Samantha and did not cry.

Nina felt teeth nip at her left buttock, and yelped. "Ouch!" She looked back over her shoulder - Samantha, of course, was hands-and-knees on the floor, spread out, catlike, looking up at her with narrowed eyes and a grin. Nina, of course, had not heard Samantha approach. She spoke softly - "You big meanie," she barely whispered, and then returned to toothbrushing.

She felt hot breath underneath her, a snaking tongue tickling between her legs. Looked back over her shoulder - "Sneaky," murmured Nina. "Sneaky, snakey beast." She turned back, opened the faucet, began to rinse, felt pressure against her buttocks, breath beneath her tailbone - a tongue, flicking out and slipping mischievously over her anus before disappearing.

"Mmph," said Nina, around her toothbrush. "_Naughty_ sneak-beast." She gently angled her bottom backwards, pointing it towards Samantha. "Leave me alone," she said, subtly wriggling her butt back and forth, "I'm trying to brush my teeth."

In response, she felt searching fingers curl around her hips, cheeks to her cheeks, moist breath between. A warm, wet slithering that spread out over her star, moving slowly, the fingers tightening, gently pulling her back.

"Ooph..." murmured Nina. "Now you're not even _trying_ to be sneaky." She leaned forward to spit - felt Samantha's tongue press hard against the secret place between her buttocks. Felt it _wriggle._ She spat, and looked back - Samantha's bespectacled eyes gazed back up at her, the lower half of her face buried in soft twin mounds. "Having fun, back there?"

Samantha responded with only a grin - one that Nina could see in her eyes.

"You _know_ I haven't showered since work," murmured Nina.

Samantha plucked her face from Nina's butt and inhaled. "You just _literally_ licked piss out of my vajayjay, love!"

"That's different!" protested Nina.

"_Right out of my vajayjay!_"

"Stop saying vajayjay!"

"No!" said Samantha, and bit Nina's right buttock.

"Eee!"

"Come get in the shower then," said Samantha, patting Nina's buttock. "Come hose your bum down so I can give it a good licking."

"Alright, alright, jeez!"

Nina turned around, prepared to step around Samantha - but realized, about half a second after she saw Samantha's eyes widen, that she'd presented her crotch. Samantha's teeth clamped firmly around Nina's mons, not biting, just letting her know that Samantha had teeth, and that they were positioned somewhere very intimate indeed.

"Ah!" cried Nina.

"Mmph," said Samantha, as Nina felt her tongue thrust roughly inside her.

"Oh God! Let me get in the shower!" giggled Nina. "Did peeing on me turn you on _that_ much?"

"Mmm-hmm," came the reply, tingling around Nina's genitals.

"Ooh..." said Nina, as Samantha's tongue withdrew and slithered around her labia. "We're going to do that _again,_ aren't we?"

Samantha pulled back. "Yes," she said, clearly, looking up at Nina. "Yes, love, we're going to do that again. We're going to do that a _lot._"

Nina felt butterflies. "Will you make me beg you, sometime?"

Samantha grinned, patting Nina on her bottom. "Yes. I'll make you beg me to pee on you. Because I love you, and because _peeing on you turns me on._"

Nina giggled in joy. "Me begging you turns you on too, doesn't it?"

Samantha kissed Nina on her clitoris. "Yes. So both at once..."

"That's going to be _awesome,_" said Nina.

"Okay," said Samantha, kissing Nina's vulva just once more, "quit distracting me with your bits, get in the shower."

Samantha pulled back and stood up, allowing Nina to remove her socks and T-shirt.

"We've both spent a lot of time wearing nothing but socks today, huh," said Nina, dropping the item in question to the floor.

"I'm not complaining," murmured Samantha, curling a hand around Nina's bottom and guiding her towards the shower.

_Okay. I can do this._

Nina stepped past Samantha, eyed the touchscreen distrustfully, hit the options for backup water pressurizer and primary and secondary thermocouples, set the temperature slider and crossed her fingers.

"You figured it out!" cried Samantha from behind Nina, as water fell at an immediately perfect temperature and pressure onto Nina's head.

"I did," grinned Nina, turning around. "I've been watching you."

"You're perfect," murmured Samantha, stepping close to Nina and bringing her into her arms.

Two wet bodies slithered together. Nina felt Samantha's breasts slide against her own, become displaced, move heavily and wetly to the sides as Samantha's hands slid behind her.

"You _know_ I'm going to have to change that now," whispered Samantha into Nina's ear.

"Oh, _why?_"

"Because," murmured Samantha, her hands sliding into the wet groove between Nina's buttocks, "I want to build in a second head."

Nina pulled back, looking Samantha in the eye.

_Does she mean...?_

"With independent controls," continued Samantha. "So we can shower together every day."

"Sam..." began Nina. "Are you..."

She left the sentence hanging, and watched Samantha swallow, and then nod. "I used to think about it even before we were a couple," she murmured, her hands stroking smoothly over Nina's bottom.

"I love you, Sam," said Nina, butterflies in her stomach.

"I love you too, Nina," said Samantha. "Come and live with me."

Nina squeezed Samantha, close, feeling her heartbeat.

"Yes," said Nina, into Samantha's ear.

"Come furniture shopping with me," said Samantha, quietly.

"Oh, _yes._"

"Plant a garden with me. Watch it grow."

"_Yes,_ Sam," whispered Nina, her right hand in Samantha's hair, pulling her head gently towards Nina's, their cheeks touching.

"Sleep with me and wake up with me and shower with me and have morning coffee with me..."

"_Yes,_" said Nina, a warm glow beneath her sternum.

"Share my life, darling. My _whole_ life."

"How come it took us this long," giggled Nina.

"Because I'm silly. Because I thought I can't be this happy for this long without having to pay a price for it," whispered Samantha, and Nina heard her voice crack a little.

"I'm the happiest and wettest girl in the world, Sam," said Nina. "I would be _delighted_ to move in with you."

Samantha sighed happily against Nina. "Awesome."

"Wanna come back to my place and help me pack?"

"What, today?" asked Samantha.

"As soon as we get out of the shower."

Samantha grinned. "Fuck yeah."

###

"So," said Samantha, looking down at Nina. "We've agreed on the rules we'll be using."

She watched Nina nod, looking around at the debris. "Because we just _had_ to make this kinky."

Samantha shrugged. "How the hell else were we gonna get through it? Moving is _horrible._"

_And I'm going to make it just the right _sort_ of horrible for her,_ thought Samantha with a sly grin.

"You have a good point," said Nina.

"Now, let's go over the rules again, little rabbit."

Nina bent to pick up a shoe. "Rule the first. Every time you move a piece of furniture and find dust beneath it, you spank my ass right there and then."

"Correct. With or without underwear, at my discretion."

"Rule the second," said Nina, looking around for somewhere to put the shoe, "Upon unloading at your place -"

"_Our_ place," insisted Samantha with a grin.

"_Our_ place, every time you open a box and find an unimportant receipt or piece of trash or whatever, just kinda thrown in there with whatever was _supposed_ to be in the box, I have to go down on you without coming myself."

"And the third rule?" asked Samantha, arms folded, watching Nina.

"Every time my current environment violates your arbitrary standards of cleanliness, I write down what the problem was, with the addendum: 'I will never again be such a dirty girl when I am sharing my living space with a predator, lest I be eaten.'" She put the shoe back down where it was.

"Good, little rabbit." Samantha grinned, settling into her role. "Should we perhaps establish a fourth rule?"

"Mistress?"

"Pertaining to picking something up and then putting it back down in a place that isn't a box or the trash."

Nina blushed, looking down at the shoe. "Yeah. I couldn't find its twin."

"I noticed. And I was quite amused at watching you turning it over in your hands and frowning at it." She advanced towards Nina. "Trying to make sense of a shoe."

"I am just a little rabbit, Mistress," grinned Nina. "I do not understand shoes."

"What shall the punishment be?"

Nina shrugged. "Something suitably degrading and unpleasant."

Samantha thought for a moment, tapping her finger against her lips.

_Oh. I know._

She smiled down at Nina. "Go and drink a glass of water."

Nina saluted, stepped past Samantha, and headed into the kitchen.

Samantha pulled out her phone as she heard the faucet turn on. Opened a stopwatch/timer app. Set it to half an hour. Started the countdown.

"I get the feeling," said Nina, walking back into the living room, glass raised to her lips, "that this is going to be a two-part punishment." She began to swallow.

Samantha held up her phone. "The bathroom is off-limits until this reaches zero. After you finish that glass you'll have another, and then I'll add five minutes to the timer each time you pick something up and then put it down again."

Nina lowered the empty glass, taking a deep breath. "Half an hour? No problem."

Samantha cocked an eyebrow. "Really."

"Well, it's gonna take about an hour before this wants out. And sure, I did it _once,_ but I doubt I'll slip up again."

###

ONE HOUR LATER

###

As Samantha walked back into the kitchen with the mop, Nina was wrapping plates in bubble wrap.

"How much longer, Mistress?"

Samantha pulled out her phone, looked at it. Smiled. "How about this."

Nina groaned, wriggling.

_Oh, this is fun,_ thought Samantha. "I'll make you a deal." She watched Nina wrapping plates, her legs crossed, hips bobbing up and down. "I'll tell you how much time you have left, but at a cost."

"What cost, Mistress?" whimpered Nina.

"An additional two minutes added to the timer."

"That's _evil!_ That's even _more_ evil than disabling all the clocks in the house! I didn't think you could _get_ more evil than that!"

"And you're shacking up with me," said Samantha happily. "What's it to be?"

"Tell me." Nina sat the wrapped plate into the box, pulled out another. "Add your two minutes, you beast."

Samantha smiled, tapping the screen. "Twenty-four minutes."

Nina groaned, loudly.

Samantha cackled. "But look how _fast_ you're going!"

"Can I go to the bathroom after I finish this cupboard?"

"Is it going to take you twenty-four minutes?"

"No!"

"Then no, you may not." Samantha leaned the mop against the wall. "Let me get past you and fill this bucket up."

"_Must_ you?" asked Nina, shuffling to the side, placing another plate in the box.

"I'm afraid I must," grinned Samantha, setting down the bucket, opening the faucet.

Water cascaded into the bucket, splashing. Nina's eyes locked onto the stream.

"_Really?_" moaned Nina, uncrossing her legs, crossing them the other way.

"I'm sorry," said Samantha. "I really am."

"No you're not!"

Samantha smiled, closing the faucet until it gave the barest trickle. "You're right. I'm not."

Nina pulled down another plate, her eyes on the bucket. "You're cruel and unusual."

"Well, look." Samantha gestured towards the bucket. "I've opened the faucet just enough that this bucket's going to take a good ten minutes to fill up. When it's as full as you are, you'll be almost halfway to sweet release. I made you a waterclock! The only functioning timekeeping device in the house. You should be _thanking_ me."

Nina bit her lip, blushing. "_Thank_ you, Mistress." Under her breath, she muttered "and the horse you rode in on."

Samantha patted her on the head. "Good girl." Then she strode over to the refrigerator, leaned behind to check the cable slack, and pulled it forward.

"Oh, _Nina._"

Nina looked over. "What?"

"The _floor_ underneath your refrigerator."

Nina whimpered. "That fridge is _staying_ here! It came with the apartment! Sam, we don't need to clean under it!"

"You want your security deposit back, don't you?"

Nina touched the place just beneath her bellybutton. "That might be tricky if you keep this up."

"Rules are rules, little rabbit," said Samantha, heading over to the kitchen table, pulling out a chair, sitting down. "Come here." She pointed to her lap.

Sheepishly, Nina shuffled over towards Samantha, unbuttoning her jeans. "You know this carries a risk."

Samantha grinned. "For you, yes." She patted her thigh. "Bend yourself over my legs, Nina."

Nina did as she was instructed, pushing her jeans down to expose her underwear, resting her crotch and midsection across Samantha's thighs. Her buttocks described soft-looking twin curves clad in alternating white and pink striped knickers, her jeans lowered to the most delicious crease where buttock met thigh. Nina's fragrance rose upwards.

"Is your cunt wet?" asked Samantha, casually. "I can smell it from here."

"Yes," replied Nina, quietly.

"You know," purred Samantha, "I only said that you couldn't go to the bathroom." She pressed on Nina's tailbone, the very tips of her fingers descending between the beginning of Nina's buttocks - and as she did so, she gently nudged her knee upwards.

"Ah!" Nina squealed. "Don't squeeze me there!"

"You're right," said Samantha, smiling her best evil smile. _Even though Nina can't see me doing it. Just because it feels good._ "That's very unfair of me." She eased off the pressure - slowly. "I'd hate for you to wet yourself while draped over me like this. I didn't bring a change of clothes."

Nina looked over her shoulder at Samantha - it was a pitiful look, one that made Samantha shiver with arousal. "You'd rather I wet myself standing up?"

Samantha nodded, and flicked her forearm. She heard it _whip_ through the air, and the obscenely loud _smack_ of brutal hand against innocent bottom followed a split-second later.

Nina yelped, and shuddered in Samantha's lap, her eyes screwed shut.

Samantha looked down; already a bright red handprint joined the others she'd left before. She smiled.

"Your ass is a landscape of brutality, little rabbit."

"Well," whimpered Nina, "my floor was really dirty." She looked into Samantha's eyes. "I deserve it."

Samantha gripped Nina's waistband and pulled, upwards. Nina wailed and wriggled as her underwear disappeared between her buttocks, pulling tightly against her labia.

"Look at that," said Samantha. "Your bottom's all red. So many overlapping handprints."

"I can't see, mistress."

"Wait." Samantha reached into her pocket, found the smooth edge of her phone. Tried to pull it out. Couldn't, with Nina's soft weight pressing against her thigh. Samantha wriggled, shifting Nina around on her lap.

"Aah!" protested Nina. "You'll make me... Aah! Stop it!"

"Whoops," giggled Samantha. "Sorry." Her phone retrieved, Samantha opened the camera app with one hand, while pulling tighter on Nina's panties with the other.

"_Hrrrrnnnn_," groaned Nina, through gritted teeth.

Samantha focused, snapped a picture. The camera's less-than-perfect white balance conspired to make Nina's skin blinding white, the handprints on her ass a bright, vivid red.

"Here you are," said Samantha, lowering the phone to where Nina could see it. She heard an intake of breath.

Nina swallowed. "I deserve it, Mistress."

Samantha set her phone down on the table. "I'm glad we agree," she said, and struck Nina's ass again. The report left her ears ringing, and her hand tingled. Nina cried out, squirming.

"You're a dirty girl," murmured Samantha, stroking her fingernails over hot, red flesh. "A dirty -" smack. "Dirty," _smack,_ "_dirty_" - SMACK - "girl."

Nina whimpered, her thighs clenching and twitching. "Yes," she whispered, breathy, "I'm a dirty girl."

"What do we say?"

"Th-" Nina swallowed, exhaled. "Thank you, Mistress."

"Good girl," muttered Samantha, releasing the tension on Nina's underwear, pulling the fabric from the wedge between her buttocks, smoothing out.

_Goodness._

Feeling the heat and dampness from between Nina's thighs.

"Hmm," mused Samantha. "You're a _very_ good girl, aren't you." She stroked a finger down over Nina's panties, over the dry fabric between her buttocks, to the hot, wet patch further down. "Getting so wet for me."

"Yes, Mistress," whispered Nina, her breath uneven.

Samantha's fingertip touched, gently. Then, more firmly; she pushed her fingertip against the fabric covering Nina's vagina.

"Ah!" cried Nina. "Mistress..."

"Mmm," hummed Samantha, feeling her own arousal glowing like a flare from her clitoris to her navel. _Heh. Barely even noticed how turned on I was getting. Too busy smacking Nina's ass._ "Maybe I should take your underwear down and slide my finger into your cunt."

Nina's voice was light and pleading. "I -" she gasped as Samantha's finger moved slowly downwards through sopping wet fabric to the tiny bump of Nina's swollen clitoris - "I don't think I could _stand_ it, Mistress..."

"You mean..." Samantha's fingers curled beneath Nina, her palm pressing into her buttocks, the tip of her middle finger somewhere just above Nina's clitoris. She _squeezed._

"_Aaaah!_"

Samantha giggled. "In all seriousness, hon, I don't want you to hurt yourself. If you need to go so bad it hurts, then go, love."

"Okay," whispered Nina, her voice hitching, beginning to slide backwards off Samantha's thigh. "Thanks, Sam, you're sweet."

Samantha squeezed, again, and grinned, her other hand pressing down on the small of Nina's back, keeping her in place. "Where do you think you're going?"

Nina looked back over her shoulder. "T-to the bathroom? Like you _said!_"

"I didn't say you could go to the bathroom, Nina." She leaned down and whispered in Nina's ear. "If you need to urinate, then go ahead and do so. But you do it in this room, you do it wearing these clothes, and you do it with me watching, after first asking if you may. Or, you wait -" she checked the timer - "another twenty-one minutes."

"_That was only three minutes?!_" cried Nina.

Samantha giggled. "I slowed down time so we could enjoy it more. My powers extend beyond the limits of your imagination."

"I can't hold it," moaned Nina. "I _can't._"

"Then stand up," murmured Samantha.

Nina did as she was told, blushing and trembling.

"Pull your pants up."

Nina complied, looking down, not meeting Samantha's gaze.

"Button them."

"You're so cruel..." whispered Nina, doing what she was told.

"And it gets your cunt wet," grinned Samantha. "Zip up the zipper."

Nina's fingers trembled and fumbled.

"Take your shoes and socks off." Samantha shuffled forward in the chair and cupped her pudenda with her right hand; she felt a thrill of excitement run up her abdomen. She gently squeezed her crotch as Nina removed first her shoes, then her socks, setting them down next to herself.

"Move them over here," commanded Samantha. "Away from you. And take a couple of steps backwards, so the puddle doesn't reach my feet."

Nina did so. Her thighs were squeezed together, and she shuffled from foot to foot.

"Look at me," said Samantha.

Nina looked up, locked her eyes onto Samantha.

Samantha grinned at her, and pushed her glasses up her nose. "That wasn't even thirty seconds." She held up her phone for Nina to see. "See?"

Nina whimpered. Her hand drifted down to her crotch, her legs crossed, bent at the waist, hopping from foot to foot. "Mistress..."

"Yes?"

"I really, _really_ need to go."

Samantha shook her head. "You've seen me pee, today. Now, I want to watch _you_ pee. But you know the terms - you either wait, or you don't get to use the toilet, and you have to ask me first."

Nina let out an exasperated moan. "Ohhhh..."

Samantha leaned forward in her chair, her elbows on her knees. "Why are you still holding it, little rabbit, when you know what I want to see?"

"I don't know..."

Samantha swallowed. _The thing is... I really _do_ want to see it. I'm not just saying so._ "You're still holding it because you're embarrassed to wet yourself. I know." Samantha leaned back, crossed her legs. "When I was trying to learn more about this naughty kink of yours, I found a research paper. Scientists had informed participants drink water and then locked them in a room, told them they couldn't go to the bathroom, but that they would be provided with a change of clothes and a shower, and privacy in which to wet themselves." She watched Nina dance, doubled over, holding her crotch. "Even with nobody watching, a good chunk of them just couldn't do it, and held it in to the point of agony. It's going against too much programming." She grinned. "Are you _trying_ to piss your pants, Nina?"

"No," shuddered Nina. "I don't - I don't know, I can't... please..."

"Aw," grinned Samantha. "You've gone incoherent." She touched her chin with her index finger, smiled. "You've told me you've wet yourself for fun before. Have you done it in front of anyone?"

Nina bit her lip, screwed her eyes shut, shook her head. Her knees shuddered together, her thighs trembled. Her breath was audible and shaky.

"Interesting." Samantha spread her thighs, set her right hand on her crotch. "It'd be humiliating, wouldn't it."

Nina only nodded, red-cheeked, her body in constant motion.

Samantha bit her lip, gently massaged herself through the hot seam of her jeans. "And you adore humiliation. And yet you can't quite bring yourself to do it, can you, even when I tell you that I'd like to watch?"

Nina shook her head.

Samantha spread her legs and rubbed her clitoris - through jeans and panties it still sparked, sending shivers of pleasure outwards. "You know what I wonder?"

Nina gasped, eyes closed, teeth visible. "W-what?" she stuttered in between shaky breaths.

"I wonder whether you'd piss yourself if I _commanded_ you to." Samantha stroked a finger down the seam of her jeans to the damp patch at the entrance to her vagina - she pressed, gently, towards herself, pushing wet underwear between her labia. "I wonder if... ooh..." she grinned, eyes fluttering closed. _That really _does_ feel good._ "I wonder," she began again, opening her eyes and giving Nina a seductive, languorous look, "if my hold on you is that great. That I could just say 'Nina, wet yourself,' and you would."

"I-" Nina swallowed, whimpered, trembling. "I don't know..."

"I will," said Samantha, "if you ask me to. _Nicely._"

Nina bit her lip, looked Samantha briefly in the eye. "_P-please._"

"Please _what?_" said Samantha, sweetly.

Nina screwed her eyes shut, let her head down, grimacing, bent double - then brought it back up again, eyes open, looked at Samantha. She seemed to have trouble forming the words - then they all came out in a rush. "_Please_tellmetowetmyself."

Samantha smiled, her mouth dry, trying not to show her excitement. "Straighten up."

Nina, with visible difficulty, straightened her spine.

"Take your hands away from your crotch."

Nina's hands, fingers stiffly extended, went to her sides. A tiny "Ah!" escaped her trembling lips.

"_Try_ to stop dancing from foot to foot," said Samantha with a grin.

Nina became still. Samantha watched her - _No, not quite still. Almost. Her thighs are still twitching._

_Close enough._

"Does hopping around and holding your crotch make it easier to hold it in?"

Nina, biting her lip and looking at Samantha with huge amounts of stress and tension in her eyes, nodded.

"Well," said Samantha, bringing up her phone and watching the display, "we'll give it until the timer reaches nineteen minutes. That's another eighteen seconds. Then I'll command you to wet yourself. If it happens naturally between now and then, well, no harm done."

"Okay," whimpered Nina.

"Thirteen seconds." Samantha rubbed her fingers between her legs - her jeans were humid, perhaps even damp. "Just stand right there."

"Okay," whispered Nina, eyes closed, hands at her sides.

"Look at me," said Samantha.

Nina did as she was told, looking Samantha in the eye.

"Nine seconds."

"I'm holding, mistress."

Samantha leaned back, shuffling her bottom forward, openly groping herself. "Good, just a little longer. Five."

Nina shivered.

"Four."

Nina's hips moved of their own accord, twitching.

"Three."

Samantha watched a bead of perspiration roll down Nina's cheek.

"Two."

Nina's fingers clenched and unclenched.

"One."

Samantha leaned forward, and waited.

She stared into Nina's eyes, smiling.

Nina bit her lip, trembling, thighs twitching together, looking at Samantha expectantly, raw desperation in her eyes. Seconds ticked past.

_I can be so cruel sometimes._

"Nina," said Samantha, softly - "if you would be so kind, and if it wouldn't be too much trouble..." she grinned. "Please wet yourself for me, right now."

Nina shivered, and exhaled, and said "_Jhrrr!_" She shuddered, her fingers trembling, her thighs shaking, and Samantha looked down in time to see the crotch of Nina's jeans darkening.

Samantha sat back and watched the dark patch spread, lines running down Nina's legs. Listened to her squeaks, her moans of relief, her labored breathing. Looked Nina in the eye - saw her eyebrows arched in the center, wrinkles on her forehead, lips pressed together, an expression of humiliation and ecstasy. Looked back down to her jeans, dark lines shining through; saw the first trickle run over her bare right foot and begin pooling on the floor. Another joined it on the left a moment later; the puddle grew, spread, wetness shining through Nina's jeans as they became saturated. Nina moaned, loudly - a long, low, satisfied, indulgent "Ouuuu_uhhhhhhhhh._" Her toes wriggled in the warm pool at her feet as the flow slowed. Nina took a long, deep breath, and let it out noisily as the flow stopped, the crotch of her jeans dripping onto the linoleum.

"Thank you," said Samantha. "That was..." she stroked a finger over her pussy, aching inside wet denim. "Very arousing to watch." She stood up. "Take two steps forward."

Nina, her feet making little wet patting sounds, did as she was instructed.

Samantha slid her hand between Nina's legs, into the hot, wet denim, and squeezed her crotch.

Nina gasped, closed her eyes, almost collapsed - Samantha rubbed her fingers against the fabric, and watched Nina come immediately.

_Faster than I've ever seen her come._ Samantha watched Nina's eyebrows raise, her mouth describe an "O" shape, her head tilt back, shudders running through her, fresh warmth and wetness appearing at Samantha's fingers. She squeezed, and wetness squelched out of the crotch of Nina's jeans, running down Samantha's hand. Nina's moan grew louder, drawn-out - her orgasm continued a few seconds more, during which Samantha got ready to catch her if she fell.

Nina's eyes fluttered open as she slowly returned to coherency, and Samantha watched Nina's eyes focus on her own.

_I love being the first thing she sees when she comes back down to this planet._

"Mnh..." said Nina.

"That was _hot,_" said Samantha.

Nina's lips were suddenly on hers - sliding through Samantha's, hot and full and wet and soft, moving gently. Nina did not step forward to embrace Samantha.

_Because her jeans are wet? Oh, come on._

Samantha stepped forward and pressed herself to Nina, her arms finding comfortable places to squeeze. One hand went around the middle of Nina's back, the other slipped down to her wet bottom and squeezed.

After a few moments, Samantha felt warm dampness touch the skin of her thighs.

That was absolutely fine.

###

That's not the whole story, just yet - like I said, it's still a work-in-progress, so any feedback you give me now will affect how the story turns out. Comments appreciated, and thank you so much for reading!
