Urine pop (explicit)

Author: FirstOrderWet

*000*2016-12-16 14:53

It was the end of college classes for the day. Tiffany had drank enough lots of apple juice at lunch. Therefore she had to pee real fuckin bad. She was holding her vagina in the seat hoping that will burst out. plus she would be too embarrassed to tell her girlfriend Audrey if she did piss her panties. The teacher, aiko was staring at her seductively the whole time she was holding her vagina. But Tiffany had urine fetish so every time she would sit on the toilet and pee, she would put her hand over her vagina and drink the pee on her hand. Her bladder was about to explode so she was gonna have quite a day until…

“Tiffany?”

“Not now, miss Yumi unless you want me fuckin soak my favorite pair panties.”

“Oh, no go and pee in here!”

“Uh…?”

“In my mouth that is, I want to taste your delicious urine!”

Tiffany’s face was bright red right now because she was totally unaware that her teacher had a urine fetish as well but she was ready!

“Okay! Your mouth is loaded with my delicious urine!”

So tiffany laid down on the desk, while her teacher slowly pulled down her pastel panties, it was literally about to burst out, she was feeling like it was not going to make it into her mouth, she held it as hard as she could and when aiko pulled the panties all the way down her legs she finally let it come out! Aiko kneeled down to make sure the 20 year old blonde girl’s urine went directly into her mouth. She actually was urinating all over her clothes, all the way down to her crotch area making her violently horny. But none the less she managed to taste some of it.

“Mmmmmm…. That was fun! Do you want to taste some of mine tiff? I’ve been holding it the whole time during class!”

“Fuck yeah!”

Aiko took off all her clothes stripping down to her lacey bra and thong. She quickly slipped off her thong putting her pussy over the blondes face. She was loving the scent of it already and while her vagina was in her face, she played with her vagina rubbing it and beginning to insert her fingers into her slowly dripping hole to increase the pleasure. She then released her yellow liquid into her mouth and her teachers urine tasted even better than her own. She also came all over the desk because of all the pleasure she was feeling right now.

“It was so much playing with you miss yumi! But i gotta go! I have a date my girlfriend audrey!”

“Okay, bye huh!” said aiko as she blew a kiss to the blonde “Oh, thats right i have a date with her mom tonight mom tonight i almost forgot!”

Thats right, aiko had recently started dating her students milfly mother, jessie also know as misty. She was gonna tell her that she drank her daughter's urine to see if she could drink her urine.

“Audrey!” tiffany said running into her girlfriend's arms

“Whats up babe you ready to go to the goddamn ice skating rink?”

“You better fuckin believe it!”

(Sniff)” whats the fucks that smell it smells delicous!”

“It’s a long story! Lets just say i miss yumi gave me some homework help!”

“Oh, quite the feisty one now huh? Sex with the teacher?”

“There was some fetishes involved too!”

“Oh, i love that shit babe! Lets just go already!”

So as they were going to the ice skating rink, aiko met up with jessie…

“Milf muffin? Are you here?”

“Hey, whats up girlfriend?” said jessie excitedly giving aiko a hug and kiss hello “How, was tiffany today?”

“Well, something happened today! I drank her urine then i rubbed and fingered her little pussy while she drank mine!”

“Oh, what a bad girl! You want my load? I have to go because I’ve been drinking beer all damn day.”

“Want? Want doesn’t even FUCKING DESCRIBE ITTTT!!!” Shouted aiko as it began

Meanwhile Tiffany and Audrey walked into the ice skating rink. They picked out their desired ice skates from the from and got into the rink. They were dancing until they were going backwards and crashed into the wall.

“Oh, no! Tiffany are you okay?”

“Yeah… I think so!”

“I’m so sorry! I can’t believe I let you get hurt!”

“Don’t worry about it! It's my fault!”

“I need to check you bruises! Like I said I won’t let anything happen you, what have I done?!”

She lifted up her skirt to see if her sliky legs were damaged until she noticed there was a little wet spot on her panties left from when aiko was trying pull them. Audrey smiled seductively and said “I think I know what fetishes were involved between you and miss Yumi!”

“Well do you have to pee, Audrey?” Asked Tiffany blushing a deep red

“I sure do! I’ve drank loads of vodka because I missed you so much!”

“Undo my shirt, piss on my boobs, and then in my mouth, okay?” Whispered Tiffany into her lover's ear

Back to Jessie and aiko, they had gotten completely naked, still fingering each other, and sucking on each other's big boobs. They had released all of their urine all over each other.

“Did you get this on camera?” Jessie said inserting a dildo into aikos pussy “we are so putting this on pornhub”

Aiko noticed the camera in front them which was supposed to film an educational video but instead got full on lesbian pee play on camera.

“Yeah, I think i did with that camera right there!”

“Awesome, lets upload this while still naked!”

“We have to destroy the tape after the upload though!”

“We will, we’ll do that naked too!”

“Let's just stay naked forever!”

“Sounds good baby!” Said Jessie as she turned on the computer and started to upload it with her lover

Back to Tiffany and Audrey… Audrey pissed all over Tiffany’s perky breasts and noticed she wasn’t wearing a bra. She also tasted it.

“Damn… That was nice, honey but no one noticed it because there's no one else at the ice skating the rink.”

“Yeah, we gonna get up too, did miss Yumi have any plans?”

“Yeah, she's dating my mom?”

“The milf? if we search lesbian pee play on pornhub, I bet they will be the most recent upload!”

“Let's check on my phone right now!”

“Okay!”

