Desperate to pee and nowhere to go

Author: fetisher

*000*2019-02-02 23:34

Hello fans, This is my first attempt in writing a story. It’s become long, but in omo stories each detail take its emotional and erotic charge. English is not my native language, so please be excused for some mistakes. I hope you enjoy it!

After successfully passed a severe university exam, my girlfriend Jane and I spent time together all the afternoon in the city center. It was time to go home and went to the car, when Jane’s mother phoned. She asked to pick her up with us on the way home. Danielle, Jane’s mother, worked as a real estate agent and had a lot of appointments in different parts of the city. She was a 40 years old nice looking woman. We have already known each other and I got along well with her.

Jane and I arrived at the place we had to take Danielle. It was a massive house where she probably had an appointment with clients. Apparently, they were making final discussions and Danielle make us a gesture to wait for a while. I immediately saw how much attractive Danielle was looked today. She was smartly dressed as usual her job required. Today, she was in a fairly short tight skirt with a mid-thigh length, a beige pantyhose and high heels shoes. I must confess she looked so sexy today. We both with Jane were staying in the car, chatting and waiting until her mom finished the conversation. Shortly after, I noticed some suspicious movements, while Danielle talking with the clients. She made some subtle movements of her legs and high-heels, just slightly noticeable. But, for an experienced desperation observer like me, I guessed what might have been.

Their conversation was going on and on, maybe about ten minutes and I discreetly followed her posture and movements. Towards the end it became more apparent, that she couldn’t stay still. A few times she slightly bent the legs and paced on the spot. But if you don’t know you would think, that she was excited or nervous. Finally, the conversation seemed to be at the end and Danielle headed to our car, when one of the clients asked her again for something. She stopped and now she bent one leg quite noticeable. After a moment she tried to stand in normal posture, but obviously it cost a lot of efforts for her to stay still. It was more than visible, that she had to pee and not only did I note this. All of a sudden Jane said:

- My mom has to pee badly!

I didn’t expect such open comment from Jane. Her words accelerated my excitement, but I tried to look indifferent.

- Do you think so? Maybe she feels cold – I said.

- No, it’s not from cold. I see, how she is holding it... – flatly said Jane.

- Perhaps, the meeting has been very long – I carefully tried to unfold the topic. Then

Jane, who had no idea about my interests, explained me that this is a common situation for her mother. Her job is related with many appointments, out of the office in different parts of the city. And sometimes on the way back she is dying to pee. I listened that, seemed indifferently, but in fact my pulse jumped. Actually, I was aware that she had involved on such situations. When I visited Jane, a few times I’ve seen Danielle coming home and did a quick dash to the toilet. I have also heard she admitted when she had to go, so she isn’t too shy about it, when she was among familiar people. Once I overheard a dialog between Danielle and Jane where Danielle complained how badly she had to pee on her way home. I didn’t catch a lot of details, but realized that she was close to an accident, so it was really turned me on.

Now, Jane reminded me, we had to take some shipment on our way home and she hoped her mother would not be in a hurry, seeing her predicament. In that moment Danielle got away from clients, quickly got into the car and we set off. On first few minutes, Danielle talked something about her work and didn’t give any word about her bladder state. Soon my girlfriend informed that she had a shipment to receive, so we had to stop at the courier’s warehouse.

- Is it so necessary to take it right now? – asked Danielle

- Are you in a hurry? - Jane asked, guessing her predicament.

- Yes, I’m in a hurry... I really have to go to the toilet – admitted directly Danielle

- How much urgent is it?

- It’s urgent enough... Better don’t ask me. I’ve been out of the office from lunch and also drank a coffee. So, you can guess how much I have to go.

Jane complained that we were also in a similar condition, although I guessed her mother had been in more urgently state than us. Somehow she managed to convince her that it will take only a short time if we go through there, so Danielle agreed. Then, we continued talking on a regular dialog. I kept looking at her from time to time in the mirror, but didn’t catch any suspicious behavior. After about fifteen minutes we reached that warehouse of the courier services. Jane jumped out of the car, instructed by her mother to be as quick as possible.

- Hurry up, please. I really have to pee – Danielle said seriously.

The using of the word pee from Danielle attracted my imagination even more. We left alone with her in the car. I turned back to look at her while we were talking. Regardless of her condition, she was very smiling and talkative. In this position, I involuntarily saw her legs, in beige pantyhose. She kept her legs tight squeezed at the knees. In that sitting position her short skirt was raised up revealing a nice view of the thighs. It was stretched over the legs, forming a big triangle gap between thighs and skirt, so I had a well upskirt view. I noticed how her legs fidgeted from time to time and the skirt rose up, so the upskirt view is opened wider, but it was difficult to see her knicker from my angle. Of course, it wasn’t suitable to peek there, so I only did a quick glance when she looked away.

After 10 minutes of waiting, Danielle became nervous. Suddenly, she did a quick visible movement, rising one leg over the other and gasped:

- What she is doing there? I really have to go! – She complained.

I called Jane to check how long time we are going to wait. And she answered that it will take about five to ten minutes more. There was a little queue. Finally, I noticed that Danielle already fidgeted on the seat constantly. She put her handbag on her lap and put a hand underneath, looked very nervous and worried what to do now. She definitely did not hide anymore her predicament and openly talked to me and showing by her body language that the situation become very urgent.

- Do you know if there is a toilet nearby? I really have to pee now!

- I saw, there is a cafe outside on the road. There should have a toilet. Do you want to go?

- If it is not far away…

- No, It’s just outside on the road.

- Let’s go in a hurry, please. I couldn’t manage to hold it until home.

Danielle quickly got out of the car and headed to the exit of the yard. She walked in front of me quite fast. When she reached the main road she stopped, and bent one leg at the knee and looked around.

- Where is this cafe? - she asked, looking confused.

- It’s over there, on the left site in about 100 meters.

We crossed the road, walked to that café and I saw that Danielle almost running.

- I hope there is a toilet, I barely hold it… - she complained.

- I hope so. I also need it… I hope it works at all as it looks quite empty – I noticed that there wasn’t anybody around it.

- Oh please, do nоt joke! It must work! I’m going to pee myself!

When we reached, my suspicious were confirmed. The café was a small hut, but it looked closed for a long time

- Oh no! What can I do now? I really couldn’t hold it anymore! - Danielle was totally confused.

She walked back and forth for a while in front of the café, looked in both sides of the hut, obviously to find some privacy spot around the hut. But on both sides there was a fence and there was no way to go behind it.

- Please, tell me, where can I go? – she asked already in panic and suddenly stopped on the spot, slightly bent at over a waist, shifting her weight from foot to foot. She looked incredible sexy in this position. Her butt was outlined perfectly in this tight mini skirt. When she stood on one leg, the skirt was so stretched, so the short slit behind was wide opened and looked like it get ripped.

Unfortunately, it was an industrial area without any public buildings around. By the road there was only a metal fence and some parked cars. There was not so crowded, mainly cars were passing, but there is no any suitable spot, where she could secluded. There was a parked car nearby and seemed there were no people around, so I suggested her to squat quickly there, thinking that she would not agree. For my surprise, she instantly looked over there and went close to the car. It was obvious that the car cannot hide her tightly, but she had no other choice. She really barely was holding it.

I tactfully moved myself from that side where she was and turned my eyes in another direction, to leave her a bit secluded. But she asked me whether she is being visible, so I had to turn back to her. Actually, she was quite visible from my side, but I assured, that she will not be visible in squat position. She was already holding her skirt, in ready to lift it. For bad luck, right at that moment a workman was appeared from the opposite site and even looked at us from a distance. Danielle immediately dropped her skirt and stepped back. She rejected to do it here and told me to go quickly somewhere ahead.

We continued walking by the road, but she seemed very desperate, walked in quick steps almost running. A little further ahead there was an empty field with trees. I encouraged her to suffer until there, where she could slip between the trees. She said nothing about that and seemed very worried. After a while she said quietly:

- I don’t think I can hold it till there. I’m going to pee myself... – she said that almost whispering and I saw how she pressed her hand around the groin.

We just passed by a parked pick-up, when she abruptly stopped. She took a quick look back and forth and quickly slipped in the gap between this pick-up and the next parked car. Simultaneously she was lifting up the skirt, revealing her white lace knickers under the beige pantyhose. My presence did not seem to disturb her at all. She stood in a semi crouched position, grabbed herself in a crotch area directly through the pantyhose.

- I’m going to pee here! – she said, in a very desperate bending position.

She asked me to take her handbag, just at the moment I thought I might go away. It took, maybe five to ten seconds, while she tried to find a tissue into the bag, making a pee dance, with a skirt raised on her waist, repeating that she would pee herself. It was very difficult for me trying not to star at her lower part. I really worried that the pee stream would started to run in any moment, but she somehow managed to regain control. She gave me the bag and asked me to kept look an eye outside if someone is coming. I had nothing else but to turn around. The last thing I saw it was how she lifted the skirt to the top of pantyhose and prepared to pull it down.

Just a moment later, when I turned back, I heard a loud sound of a hard pee stream! I was positioned in front of the gap, blocking the view from the passing cars. She was peeing very long time, for about a minute. I only listened and imagined what was happen, just behind me. I looked on the left and right sides, trying to catch something with peripheral vision, but all I could manage to see was only her silhouette in a very low squatted position. I didn’t take courage to take a look for a second, although I considered. At first place, I had to behave like a gentleman, I thought.

After almost a minute the stream sound was decreased and stopped. I’m hearing how she was rolling up the knickers and pantyhose. Then, she said that her shoes were all wet, so she needed some more tissues. I turned to give her the bag and caught her while she was stretching the pantyhose, still with lifted skit. I glanced at her knickers and pantyhose around crotch area, to see if there were any stains of leakage, but I couldn’t see it. As I saw she managed even not to dribble a bit. She rolled down the skirt and went out from the small lake she was produced.

All her high-heels shoes were in drops of pee. She had also drops on the pantyhose around the ankles. Without much talking, she fixed her clothes and we quickly went back to the car.

Now, she seemed quite relieved and happy.

- Do you feel much better now? - I asked barely hided my excitement.

- Oh, it’s so much better! The feeling is great now! – she sighs and laughed.

She felt a little bit embarrassment by what she had done and thanked me for the support. I was hardly focused on our way and I hoped she did not recognize my excitement.

We entered back in the yard, where Jane already was waiting us.

- Where have you been? – she asked from a distance, looking with an astonished look.

- We were looking for a toilet. – Danielle answered.

- And did you find it?

- No, there is no any toilet around… - Danielle did a pause, while we got into the car. After that she continued to share her experience:

- I squatted between two cars and peed.

- Really? Did you really have to pee so much?

- It was absolutely an emergency situation. There is no any place to hide and in the same time I felt I couldn’t hold it any more. Thankfully, there was a big parked pick-up, so I hided a little behind it… I was so close to an accident. I felt how at any moment it would start running down my legs. And in this light pantyhose, you guess…

I listen passively and pretended I wasn’t there. But all these details excited me even harder, when I understand how close had Danielle been from an accident. I thought how her beige pantyhose would look on her with wet traces…

Now, I might to speed up, because Jane began complaining that she also had to pee urgently! But this is another story…

*004*2019-02-07 19:21

Thanks for the positive comments! This motivates me to write more stories!

