A Twisted Holding Contest

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-03-27 16:44

I think I'm going to wrap up this series with one last story after this one- involving the two men again. This is another story with just women- it follows New Beginnings

.

Pooja chugged the remainder of her water and walked out of the kitchen, to her living room where her best friend Maryna waited. When they had renovated the house, Pooja had argued with her husband about the wooden bar- it was complete with the long table, bar stools, even a tap. However, she had grown grateful it was there- and never more than today. Pooja noted that Maryna exhumed a vibe of impatience- she had been waiting for Pooja for over three minutes since chugging her own water.

The delay had been a purposeful act by Pooja- she wanted to win this hold-it contest. As someone with significantly more pee-game experience, she would find it embarrassing to lose to Maryna. Maryna had merely started this fun a few weeks ago. Pooja had even thought about dumping the water in the sink after Maryna had left, but that would have been way too sleazy. At least with the same liquid consumed, Pooja would be able to convince herself that she had emerged from the contest a fair winner.

“Evening, ma’am. What can I get for you?” Standing behind the bar wearing a tight black sleeveless top and sinfully clingy denim shorts, Maryna was playing the role of a sexy, flirtatious bartender perfectly. To create the perfect ambience, she had even turned on soft rock music to fill the background. The girls had checked inside each other’s panties to make sure there was no mischief- maxi pads and such. Reaching into Maryna’s panties had been a real treat for Pooja.

“Just a pint of whatever’s on tap, please.” Pooja was dressed as a horny suburban woman enjoying some drinks after her yoga session- she wore light grey leggings and a white tee that almost reached her waistline- a tiny sliver of her fit tummy teased Maryna as Pooja sat down on the bar stool.

“Sure hon, that would be the Rocky Mountain pale ale.” She grabbed two glasses from the table behind her and started pouring the drinks. The glasses had all been laced with a strong diuretic- the girls would be helplessly bursting after a couple beers. Maryna placed one of the filled glasses in front of her patron and raised her own. “Cheers.”

“Cheers.”

Pooja raised her glass to meet hers with a light clink- ladies drank and the hold-it contest was officially underway. As planned, Pooja went to work on picking up her attractive bartender.

“Mmmm that’s refreshing, thanks so much- I really needed this.” Pooja brought her glass down on the table after the quick sip.

“Oh yeah? What’s going on?” Maryna sat down on her own stool on the other side of the bar and leaned in attentively. She loved roleplay and had been trying to pull Steve into these kinds of games with her. Pooja’s creativity was on another level though. This plan had gotten Maryna so riled up that she had masturbated thinking about it multiple times- now it was finally happening!

“Oh, the usual- just been stressed out at work. Things get so busy sometimes that I don’t even get to pee.”

Pooja gazed deeply into Maryna’s face to enjoy the electricity passing through it. With the pee topic now introduced, the ladies would undoubtedly discuss it while their bladders filled… until one of them wet herself.

Maryna shared how hard it was to hold on at the bar during busy nights. Pooja shared her own “experiences” as a realtor. Eventually, as the girls started on their second beers, the fake stories were replaced by mostly real ones. To keep things fun, they tried to throw in some fake names which prompted giggles as a bonus.

Pooja wriggled on her seat- the diuretic was working rapidly. “You know, after my boyfriend Dane saw me leak in my shorts once- we were running together and I could tell he was hot and bothered over the wet spot on my tight red shorts… so I challenged him to a holding contest.”

Maryna rose from her stool to stand, or rather, wriggle beside it. She had her forearms on the wooden counter and leaned forward with her big round breasts pressing down on her hands. “Oh yeah?”

“Yes, this was after the first time we screwed- maybe a few days after. Neither of us had really brought up the whole incident of me soaking my panties- I guess we were buzzed and it had seemed like innocent fun at the time. Anyway, I had been doing some searching online and I found it all pretty exciting, so I wanted to explore things further.”

Pooja got up from her own stool and began scissoring her legs next to it. She could see her belly pushing out the waistband of her leggings.

“So you just wet your shorts outside on purpose?” Maryna quizzed eagerly.

Pooja giggled at the thought and shook her head briefly. “No, not exactly. We were both into running so I invited him over on Saturday morning. I drank a ton of water before and didn’t pee afterwards. I started off ok, but after a half-hour of jogging on pavement with a filling bladder, I naturally leaked a couple times. Luckily, we were on our way back by then and only a few minutes from home. He noticed my wet spot- well, I helped matters by asking to stop running and pretending to cover my crotch. Anyway, he kept checking out my accident- good sign in my books, so I invited him into the washroom and finished wetting my shorts in the shower.”

Maryna clutched herself as she took in the hot story. “What happened next?” She whispered hungrily before bringing her glass to her lips again- the mug was still half full, but emptier than Pooja’s. She was talking more and, consequently, drinking more slowly.

“Well, I pulled his sweatpants off and told him to piss his boxers. It was a little tough for him to get started cuz he had the giant… you know. But eventually he did it. Then he wanted to have sex but I wanted to do a holding contest. He agreed so I got him to put on a pair of my panties. They were tight and his balls kind of hung out but it worked. We drank for almost two hours- until I wet my panties right here."

Pooja gestured to the spot she was standing in. "I was totally expecting to lose since I had been drinking so much earlier that morning... plus he's way bigger than me, but it was a lot of fun anyway.”

“What about him? I gotta go so bad!” She hopped in place urgently- both of her hands were in her crotch now.

“Yeah, me too. Let’s finish our beers before we piss ourselves- it’s sinful to let good drink go to waste.” Pooja picked up her glass and took several big gulps. She was confident that Maryna would pee first since she had been drinking faster. Nevertheless, the additional liquid seemed to enhance her desperation immediately. When she set down the glass, she had about 20% of the beer to go, roughly the same as her drinking partner.

“Oh yeah, he was about to run to the bathroom- he really had to go. Probably already made a wet spot on my panties but I couldn’t see- his hands were holding his dick. Anyway, I grabbed him while I was peeing and told him to wet himself in my puddle- the mopping needed to happen anyway. So he got to stay and enjoy the rest of my show and I got to see him piss himself too. Then we finally did it- right here on the wet floor.”

“Wow…” Maryna gasped. “I’m about to piss my shorts.” She admitted. “I have to go bad.”

“Yeah, me too… say, what’s in this drink?” The ladies giggled at the familiar line from the holiday song they both knew well, “Baby, it’s cold outside”.

“N-nothing but the purest beer in Colorado!” Maryna shifted her feet awkwardly, trying to will herself not to squirt into her panties. It was unbelievable how much fuller she felt as a result of consuming a couple of crushed water pills. Yes, she had drunk a lot of liquid- a tall glass of water and two beers, but the speed at which her desperation had increased was something else. About 75 minutes after she had started drinking, she was on the verge of soaking her pants.

Pooja couldn't resist telling her the rest of the dirty story. "I saved his panties- just let 'em dry out. Next time, I was playing around with him, I peed in them too under my jeans and showed him afterwards. He was so turned on by me wetting the same underwear he had that he pulled the panties to the side and fucked me right there. I still wore them until I showered a few hours later... so, some of our sexual juices also ended up in them. And I peed through them before my shower too and then let them dry again then wore them to bed. I peed through them one more time the next morning- they stunk so bad I had to wash them after that haha."

Maryna couldn't believe her ears. "Wow you dirty, slutty wife!"

"More like a desperate housewife." Pooja retorted, with a chuckle. The girls laughed again, their hands clutching their vulvas for dear life.

Although they had moved in and out of roleplay over the past hour, they still dropped witty lines despite more and more of their attention being occupied by urgent twinges from their bladders.

However, the conversation and roleplay seemed to slow from that moment on as jokes were replaced by gasps and moans. Each girl was determined to hold on just a moment longer than the other. There was no doubt that once the first dam burst, the second would release its water immediately afterwards.

They downed the remaining three gulps of their second beers together and Maryna hobbled around to the other side of the bar- her job as a bartender was done. Pooja’s confidence in being able to hold on longer than Maryna was waning. At this point, predicting the winner seemed like a true coin flip.

Maryna felt herself squirt- she had just wet her panties a little. No matter, the contest wasn’t over until Pooja noticed her wetness. If she could just hold on another two minutes, it was probably enough- Pooja was dancing around awkwardly, looking like she would lose control any second. Maryna’s attention drifted to the large wall clock opposite of the bar- tick, tick, tick. Each passing second was agony.

Maryna had brought a classy evening dress with her- silk and royal blue. Their husbands would be joining them later for dinner- she had said she was going early to help Pooja with food prep. She wondered if Steve suspected that she and Pooja were having wet fun on their own. It was a safe bet. After all, she had first introduced him to watersports on Pooja’s front porch. A part of her wished he was there to see this hold-it contest. What a sexy thrill it would be for him!

Pooja gasped loudly. Maryna looked over to scan for any sign of an accident.

“Did you leak? Did I win?” As she questioned Pooja, Maryna realized it was all wishful thinking- she would never admit she had peed.

“Hah, you wish!” groaned Pooja. Her twisting and turning was growing worse- she was slowly but surely losing control over her bladder. Her urine had escaped into her leggings a couple times and there was undoubtedly a wet spot behind her hands- she could feel the warm wetness on her fingers.

Maryna tried to direct her thoughts back to the day’s plans- not thinking about her bladder was helpful. It was good they were using diuretics- there really wasn’t much time before the men arrived. They would need to clean things up then start making dinner. Pooja had mentioned soup over the phone- was she planning on continuing the wet fun with their husbands today? Maybe they could slip these diuretics into their food and then have them grow desperate? What if they played a game where everyone was denied the toilet and both men wet their pants in front of their wives?

Maryna grew even hornier at the naughty thoughts- she felt more pee escape her urethra and just barely stopped the flow. An “oh” escaped her lips and Pooja immediately turned to scan her for signs of wetness. Fortunately, she didn’t find anything, nor questioned her. Maryna was in no shape to answer questions.

And suddenly, the contest was over. Pooja’s leggings darkened to black as pee ran through them and splattered loudly on the tiles below. With a squeal of joy, Maryna also released her long-held waters, drenching her jeans shorts. The women sighed with relief as they wet their pants together, their bladders finally relaxed after being strained for much too long.

Pooja finished peeing first and stayed locked in place watching Maryna wet herself. She couldn’t believe she had lost. Despite her paced drinking, Maryna had won. It was clear that her curvier friend had the bigger and stronger bladder. Maryna spoke up as she finished peeing with a delightful shudder.

“OK, so I won. That means you have to clean up this puddle- sorry.” She looked at Pooja apologetically.

“That’s fair- I’ll do that. Why don’t you get started in the kitchen then? Later on, we can shower together and change.”

Maryna agreed and admired Pooja’s wet butt as she turned to get the mop and bucket. Her shoulders shuddered with silent laughter as she made her way to the kitchen to begin making dinner in her quickly-cooling wet shorts. Poor Pooja had no idea she had added an extra water pill to her glasses. Her slow drinking scheme had cost her- she should never have let Maryna go to the bar alone.

