Tatiana discovers herself

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-20 01:47

It was around 8:00 AM when Tatiana woke up next to Rob. She had asked Rob the day before if she could stay with him. They had been talking about the project for a while and Tatiana had grown more and more excited about her new role. She wanted to sell her shop because she needs money to finance her new future. But she found that very difficult because it is her baby. Rob had told her that a baby is born to grow. The store is not your baby, your development is your baby. The store was the beginning of its development and you convert that energy into money to develop further. This is how your baby continues to grow. That's true, but the thought of selling the store still made her feel weird. But it was the best choice and she knew it herself.

Tatiana had made up her mind not to pee in the morning. She knew Rob likes that, but she doesn't enjoy it herself. She wondered what that was about her. She did everything for and with Rob but she wouldn't let him fuck because she's a lesbian. She loves to have sex with women. But could she have real sex with Rob? He has done everything with me and I trust him 100%. But would she want his cock in her pussy? She didn't know and what would happen if she did it and found out she didn't like it after all. She couldn't refuse Rob without hurting him. That could mean the end of their friendship. But she couldn't try it with another man because she doesn't think it's an attractive idea. If she would let a man fuck her, it would be Rob.

She felt her bladder begin to fill quickly. She looked at her bladder and her pussy and thought, girl you're going to have a hard time today. Good morning, I said as I entered the kitchen. Already awake? Yes Tatiana said and I slept well. Sit down, Rob, because I want to tell you something. Do you want coffee, she asked. Nice, I said as I sat down. What do you want to tell?

Today I want to try to hold in my morning pee for you. She is already very full so we don't have much time. I looked up surprised and she went on, you should know I'm really doing this for you Rob. I don't want to whine but I'm going to get really hurt and I'm not going to enjoy it. I'll do my best to be friendly, but it's going to be tough. Then keep in mind that I'm having a hard time. I understand Tatiana and I think it's great that you're willing to do this for me. I gave her a firm kiss and thanked her again. What do you want to do and what do you want me to wear, she asked. Well I have to go shopping urgently because I don't have much left in the fridge. What is most comfortable for you, I asked. Tatiana smiled despite her bladder nagging, Rob trying to make it easy for me, I don't believe my ears, she said.

But if I have to choose, I like to wear a skirt because pants quickly become too tight. Unfortunately I only have that short black skirt here. It's really time I got my own wardrobe here that you can fill for me, Tatiana said.

Isn't it too cold for a short skirt, I asked. That will be the smallest problem for me, Tatiana replied. Let's hurry up Rob 'cause we don't have much time. She had put on her light brown short skirt with a white T-shirt on it. She was not wearing a bra and I could see her nipples through it. Isn't that a bit vulgar, I asked. That bulge in your pants contradicts you, she replied. Come let's go quickly to the mall to do some shopping. We got in the car and drove to the mall. Tatiana swayed in the car seat and rubbed her thighs with her hands.

I also put my hand on her thigh and started rubbing it too. Happy….., she wanted to say something but held back. She was having a hard time and everything irritated her. She also needed to pee. Normally this would make her horny but now, no, she was in pain. She lifted her skirt to rub her pussy. I saw that she was not wearing any panties and her beautiful shaved pussy was visible.

I put my hand under her skirt and played with her pussy. You make it much worse Rob, my pussy is in a hard fight to hold my pee and you rub her. I feel that very much in my bladder. Will you stop that please, I noticed she was trying really hard to be nice and took my hand away. I parked the car in the parking garage and we got out. Rob, look at my bladder, Tatiana said. Her bladder was so full within an hour that her lower abdomen was completely taut. No wonder that hurts. Her nipples formed two hard points through her T-shirt and you could also see her beautiful breasts. Rob I really do my best but it hurts a lot. I understand, I said. You want me to drive back home. Preferably, but we don't. Let's grab a cart and go shopping. We walked into the busy store and I saw Tatiana start to sweat.

I need to pee so badly Rob and it's so busy. What if I have an accident? That won't happen, I said. Why not, she asked. My bladder is almost at its limit and my pussy is cramping from squeezing. She will be allowed to relax in an hour, I said. An hour, she spoke angrily, I can never last. We drove around with the shopping cart and filled it with groceries. A shop assistant was handing out orange juice. It looked nice and I took the cup and drank it. To my surprise, Tatiana also emptied a cup. How thirsty I am, can I have one more, she asked the boy. The boy handed her another cup and looked at Tatiana. He could immediately see from her posture that Tatiana needed to pee. He looked at me and said, your wife has to pee she can use the staff toilet. Before I could answer, Tatiana said thank you, but it's not necessary because I don't pee in strange toilets.

We joined the queue at the checkout and Tatiana was eager to get it done like a little girl. Her face was grim with fighting to hold in her pee. In case you are still in doubt Rob, my bladder is now really full to the brim. Some customers saw that Tatiana needed to pee. Let her go to the toilet man, you can see that she is having a hard time. I can't pee in strange toilets, Tatiana said to keep people calm. Most women understood that and let us go ahead. When we were back in the car, I asked her why she had drunk those two cups. I was really thirsty Rob when I have to concentrate like that I get hot and look how I sweat. I can see your nipples are stiff from the cold with that thin T-shirt you've put on. I couldn't help but grab her breasts. She let me go for a while and said it's better you drive home Rob because I can't last much longer. I could feel the vibration of her voice that she wanted to scream but she held back

I drove home and parked the car in the garage and took the groceries to the kitchen. I looked at her, she was squeezing her pussy with all her strength. Her nipples protruded and she looked angry. She was frustrated that she was not allowed to go to the bathroom after having been holding back her morning pee for 3 hours. I wanted to ask some more questions, but she interrupted me. Rob we have to go to the bedroom now. I can jerk you off now to make you cum in 5 minutes you'll be late.

We walked to the bedroom and undressed. I could see her bladder protruding way above her navel. It is very full, I said. She lay down next to me on the bed and I started stroking her pussy. I felt this increase her urge to pee. Rob tries to spare my pussy a bit, rather grab me by my breasts that feels more comfortable and she started to pull on my cock. I lay kissing her and kneading her breasts. My hand slid down her bladder which felt very hard. She held her pussy so tight that it was impossible to get in. I went back to her breasts and came. She jumped out of bed and before I could catch my breath she was on the toilet. It was a huge stream coming out of her pussy. She moaned and kept peeing.

Finally she was done, how happy she was that her bladder is finally empty. She walked to the kitchen where I was waiting for her. And relieved, I asked. I really needed to pee, Rob. I also went to the toilet and started to pee. After I was done, I wanted to wash my hands when the door was pulled open. It was Tatiana who really needed to pee again. She sat down and her bladder emptied a second time. That was still in my system. My bladder was so full that I couldn't take anything more, she said. She dried her pussy and washed her hands. After pouring us a glass of tea, I kissed her on the mouth. Thank you for this horny experience Tatiana, I said. It's all right, Rob, but you shouldn't ask me this too often.

Rob I would like to have a serious talk with you and that you listen carefully to me. Please don't joke. Just say it, I said. I ehh I pff how am I supposed to say this now. She has a serious problem, I thought. She tried again and noticed that she wasn't looking at me.

Rob I don't know any better that I'm a lesbian since I was a teenager. I've had sex with women many times and never with a man. I still find women sexually attractive, but since I met you, I've become more and more curious about having sex with a man. Maybe I'm bisexual I don't know and that makes me quite insecure.

I paused for a moment to make sure she had finished talking. What exactly are you having so much trouble with, I asked. Because I don't think it's weird that you discover things about yourself in your life that you didn't know before. Well I'm having a hard time asking you to have real sex with me for once. You're more than attractive to me Tatiana, so that's not a problem for me. I know, she said, but what if I find out that I made a mistake and don't want real sex with you anymore, can you deal with that or do you feel so rejected that the friendship is broken. This is a serious question that I had to think about for a while.

I'm sure our friendship will survive Tatiana, I replied. I have been able to experiment so much with your body to discover my lusts in myself that I sincerely think you should do the same. I may of course be angry for a moment, but that is part of a disappointment. You told me honestly that there is a chance that you are wrong and so I know what I'm getting into.

I'm happy with your answer, Tatiana said. I would like to invite you to go to the bedroom with me because I long for you. It was the first time that I was nervous to have sex with her, even worse I was afraid of hurting her. What's going on, won't you, Rob.

Of course I do, but for the first time I'm afraid to hurt you. Tatiana smiled, don't be afraid of that, I'm used to you. I know it will hurt, but every woman does that the first few times. Oh yeah, and you don't have to worry about me getting pregnant because I've been on the pill for a few months now. I knew I would have this conversation with you one day and I had to be prepared for you to say yes.

She was lying there on the bed, how many times have I thought “if only I could fuck her” and now the time has come. I stood at the edge of the bed and lifted her hips. I put my rock hard cock in her pussy and went up and down gently. I'm not made of chocolate Rob, Tatiana said. Push as hard and as deep as you can and I'll know right away what I've been missing all these years. With force I thrust my hard cock into her and began to go back and forth briskly. Tatiana weighs little and is very muscular down there. I saw her stomach tighten and I started to thrust even harder. I squeezed her ass harder to get a grip. She wrapped her legs around my waist and I let her go. I felt a warm wave in her pussy. She came for the first time. I didn't want to cum yet because then the party would be over. I grabbed her tight by the breasts and fucked her as hard as I could.

Oww ouch she cried, I decreased a little thrust, no don't stop, keep going and I pushed on with all my might. And again she came. She tightened her strong abs and sat up on my hips. She put her arms around me and put her tongue deep in my mouth. I thrust as hard as I could and just felt her orgasm for the third time. Now it was my turn. With full force I thrust into her pussy and came.

After we washed, we went to watch TV. My pussy is pretty sensitive Rob. I want to believe that, I said. I really enjoyed it Rob and I hope we do this more often. I'll think about it, I replied. What!!, she said, was it so disappointing? I got you, I said teasingly.

