The Wife Who Had To Hold It

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2017-02-11 22:40

I posted this story at another board and the people there liked it and asked me to write more, so I thought it worth posting here. It started out originally as a short story based on an idea I had, but it quickly became much longer than the under 1,000 word story I was originally intending to write.

=====

(The Wife Who Had To Hold It, Part #1)

My wife, Kate, and I were both big conservationists. We also lived in an area that had frequent droughts, and was frequently very hot outdoors. The frequent hot days, as well as how frequently me and Kate were outdoors, met me and Kate drank a lot of water to stay hydrated. It wasn't unusual for either of us to drink 2 half a liter bottles of water an hour, which of course made us both have to pee pretty frequently after a while.

Kate had a much stronger bladder then me however. Kate was such a big conservationist that despite all the water she drank to stay hydrated, Kate used the toilet no more than 3 times a day in order to save water on toilet flushes. My wife frequently tried to encourage me to cut down on my uses of the toilet each day to. We had a high efficiency flush toilet that used only 1.28 gallons of water per flush. But urinals did use even less water, less than 0.5 gallons a flush.

So a while ago I convinced Kate to agree to have me install a urinal in our bathroom to help us save water & money. Kate though insisted from the start that she would never use the urinal. "You can use the urinal to save water on your flushes honey, but us girls have to sit down on a toilet seat to pee. I'd make a huge mess if I tried to use a urinal" Kate had told me.

But the idea of watching my wife use the urinal turned me on big time, no matter how much Kate insisted that she would never do so.

"Kate the urinal uses only a third of the water as our regular toilet" I frequently said. "Just think of all the water you'd conserve if you learned how to use it without making a mess. There's guides on the Internet to teach women like you how to pee standing up, and there's even devices like the SheWee you can buy".

Kate however would often counter this by replying "Karl, you use the urinal a lot more then I use the toilet. Just imagine how much water you could save if you limited yourself to 3 or less trips to the toilet a day like I do".

At the time I started pestering my wife about the urinal I was using the toilet around 8 times a day, and I pissed a gusher each time because of all the water me and Kate drank in a day. I decided after a while that taking my wife's suggestion of cutting down my trips to the bathroom might help get Kate to take my suggestion at using the urinal. So over a 6 month period I worked on holding it in longer and getting a much stronger bladder. Kate however still stubbornly refused to use the urinal during that time, not even using it once just to try it out.

Eventually our stalemate ended unexpected one day when I pestered Kate about the urinal yet again. Instead of replying with her usual response, Kate replied with a different solution for us to save more water.

"I'll tell you what Karl" she said, "since you're right that my toilet flushes use 3 times the water as yours I'll only use the toilet once for every 3 times that you do from now on".

Stunned by my wife's different answer, I replied "Kate I'd be thrilled with such a compromise, but can you really hold it that long all the time". By that point, thanks to Kate's urging, I was getting closer to needing the urinal only 3 times a day. "You'd be holding it in almost all day Kate, and you drink several gallons of water a day".

"Of course I can hold it" Kate answered with a hint of impatience. "You know I'm a strong girl who's always had an iron bladder that's much stronger than yours Karl. I can wait as long as your trips to the urinal make me, even with my strong thirst not allowing me to cut back on my drinking. If you manage to start taking even less frequent trips to the urinal then your current 3 to 4 pisses a day then I'll just have to tough it out and wait longer, and we'll conserve even more water, I won't complain".

"So this is also your way of encouraging me to wait even longer in between using the urinal" I replied. Me and my wife didn't conserve water just from being conservationists, we were both turned on by each other holding it for as long as we could.

"Well of course Karl" answered Kate with a grin. "I've been urging you to hold it in longer and longer and use the urinal less frequently for months now. So it's only fair that I put my money where my mouth is and cut down on my own trips to the toilet to".

Naturally I liked this solution, and I decided it was good reason to train myself to use the urinal just once a day. Just the thought of having the power to make Kate's bladder crack if I could take as few pisses as possible made me excited. I'm sure the thought of how desperate I was going to let myself get before I finally used the urinal from now on also turned Kate on.

"There's just one more condition I want to add to this" I said before agreeing. "If my infrequent trips to the urinal prove to be too much to you, you can always use the urinal to relieve yourself whenever you want to Kate". I knew full well that Kate would never use the urinal, unless it was a choice between the urinal or pissing herself when her iron bladder finally couldn't hold it back any longer.

Kate smirked and giggled in response "if you insist then fine. But like I said before Karl, I'm a tough woman, and you're never going to get me so desperate that I'd consider using the urinal. Nor will you ever see me piss myself because I can't hold it back any longer. You know full well what an iron bladder I have".

Kate's confidence that I couldn't best her iron bladder even under these rules rigged against her only made me more determined to try.

From that day on Kate had to cut her visits to the toilet down from her usual two to three times a day to just once a day. And as she bragged earlier Kate didn't cut down on her frequent drinking of water either, she still drank several gallons of water a day. I tried to keep up with my normal water intake to, though Kate still gave me more frequent reminders then previously to stay hydrated.

By the evenings when Kate hadn't peed for nearly 24 hours, and had downed at least 2 gallons of water throughout the day, it started to become a regular thing for Kate to be sitting with her legs crossed and fidgeting at least mildly in desperation. Yet even that didn't stop Kate from casually downing yet more bottles of spring water. Also true to her bragging Kate never complained once about her bladder even when she hadn't peed in over 24 hours. Nor did Kate suggest I visit the urinal more frequently, or show any signs that she was seriously considering using the urinal herself.

But this was only during the first week of our long challenge. I was determined to greatly increase the pressure on my wife's bladder in the coming months until I finally bested her iron bladder.

=====

(The Wife Who Had To Hold It, Part #2)

My last story took place a year ago. Since then my own bladder has gotten much stronger, but so has my wife Kate's.

This morning, a Monday, I woke up to our alarm at 7 AM incredibly desperate with a very full bladder that I hadn't emptied in over 24 hours. Me and Kate had drank a lot of soda at the movies last night, and of course because we liked to stay hydrated in our hot climate me and Kate had drank a lot of water throughout the day yesterday to. By my count I had drank around two and a half gallons yesterday, while Kate had drank a bit over 3 gallons, which was more than usual for her, but not by much. Kate was just waking up beside me as I got out of bed and rushed to the urinal to piss.

Kate, with her rock hard bladder bulge clearly visible from several days of holding it and lots of drinking would have loved to sit on the toilet next to the urinal and join me in the relief of a morning piss. But this was only my 2nd pee since Kate's last one, 2 and a half days ago. That met my wife still had a lot more waiting to go before she could take her piss.

Fortunately for me, and unfortunately for Kate, our bathroom was right across our bedroom. The urinal and toilet were both clearly visible from the open door. I was in such a desperate hurry to pee that I didn't even close the bathroom door. So from where Kate sat up in bed she had a clear line of sight of me standing at the urinal. Kate watched from the bedroom as I whipped my desperate penis out and started to piss a gusher into the urinal.

Through the open bathroom door I heard a groan escape from Kate's lips as I started to piss. I glanced over at Kate and saw her looking away from me and my piss, with a strained look on her face. Kate was fidgeting around in bed and gripping her pussy, likely suffering from some bladder spasms due to my loud gusher of piss going on just 15 feet away from her. I grinned, my prideful Kate liked to pretend to be the lady with the iron bladder who never needed to pee. But even she was human enough to flinch at my piss when she was this desperate, Kate had last peed Friday evening at 9 PM, 58 hours ago.

I sighed in relief as the gusher from my penis finally ran out several minutes later, and flushed the urinal. When I left the bathroom feeling quite relieved I smiled at Kate, who seemed to have recovered by now from hearing my loud morning piss.

Kate was standing with her arms crossed and her legs spread what was surely an uncomfortable distance in her desperate state. Kate knew I had heard her groan, and saw her squirm like a girl about to piss herself. Kate was trying to put up her tough girl act for her wounded pride, to make up for her moment of weakness when I pissed in front of her. Kate tried to stand before me like her bladder didn't have a care in the world, but one glance at Kate's rock hard bladder bulge clearly said otherwise.

I reminded her "that was my 2nd trip to the bathroom since your last piss Kate, one more and then you can pee to. I hope you can make it, you looked like you were at the end of your rope struggling to contain yourself a few minutes ago while I was pissing away".

Kate's proud face frowned for a moment, revealing a glimmer of concern, before she hid her concern behind her pride again. "No, I'm good now Karl. My bladder just had a slight moment of weakness after just waking up. And my pussy got jealous during that moment of weakness at the sight of your penis taking a morning piss, since I've been holding it for 58 hours now. But don't worry, I can keep holding it as long as I need to. I won't let myself show signs of weakness again Karl".

"We'll see about that Kate" I replied. "You've got a long day of work ahead of you, and it's going to take a lot of hours until I'm full enough to need to pee again. Who knows how much longer you're still going to have to wait. Just remember, you can always give up and use the urinal whenever you want to".

Kate to her credit didn't flinch at my taunting, even with her legs still spread an uncomfortable distance with her full bladder. "Karl there's no need to threaten to wait a while to keep me waiting a while longer. I know full well you're going to keep me waiting at least another 24 hours for a much needed piss, maybe even longer". Kate paused for a moment to put up a grin and gently rub a hand over her rock hard bladder bulge. "I'm a tough woman, and a tough wife, I can wait as long as your bladder can make me to take a piss. And for the last time, I'm not taking your get out of jail free card by using the urinal".

With that me and Kate began to get dressed for the day. Kate grabbed her usual outfit for a day at work, a black women's pants suit. Under normal circumstances with an empty bladder Kate's pants suits fit just fine, but with a 2 and a half day full bladder I knew all her pants suits were sure to be tight around her already rock hard bladder bulge. While I put my own clothes on I kept an eye on my wife dressing herself. Kate to my surprise didn't even flinch as she pulled her tight pants suit on over her bladder bulge, tightened her belt, and locked her belt buckle.

The belt especially surely made Kate's tight clothing press down uncomfortably on her bulging bladder. Kate finished off her outfit by slipping a pair of high heel's on her feet that while fashionable, surely made walking much more painful on her nearly bursting bladder. But despite all the uncomfortable clothing, Kate looked up at me casually after she had finished dressing, looking unconcerned about the added pressure her tight clothing and high heels put on her surely aching bladder.

We headed to our kitchen to have some breakfast before heading to work. I got out a large 3 liter pitcher of spring water out poured out a large glass of water for each of us, and set the table, while Kate prepared breakfast. By the end of breakfast our large pitcher was completely dry after me and Kate had each downed 3 glasses of water with breakfast, which was pretty normal for us.

Me and Kate both worked for the same company, it was a very large corporation in a very large office building. Neither of us worked in the same part of the building however, so outside of lunch breaks and occasional meetings together, we rarely saw each other at work. Our jobs also at times required one of us go out in the field to visit clients some days, today however wasn't one of those days, which met me and Kate could carpool to work together. As usual I was the one who drove, while Kate grabbed a fresh bottle of water to drink during the ride in.

Me and Kate arrived at work shortly before 9 AM. Kate kissed me goodbye before we went our separate ways to our own offices at opposite ends of the building. I had expected to go out for lunch with Kate at 1 PM later that day, but shortly before 11 AM my phone buzzed with a text from Kate.

"Can't do lunch today, work meeting to prepare 4 important client tomorrow".

I sighed, disappointed I wouldn't get to see Kate at lunch. I knew Kate, like me, was drinking a lot of water and coffee at her desk, despite her 62 hours without a bathroom break. I had been looking forward to seeing if my prideful wife could continue to hold her bursting bladder at lunch without squirming around or gripping her crotch in a sign of her desperation as she had bragged earlier.

But then I realized what Kate's text message met about her schedule at work tomorrow. Kate would likely be busy in meetings all day with whoever her important client was. I was also determined to continue holding it into tomorrow. Realistically I thought I could last until around lunch time tomorrow without a piss, which met Kate would have to keep holding it until at least noon tomorrow, over 3 and a half days without a piss for Kate. And then I knew Kate tended to really hate using public toilets, including the ones at work, so she'd probably hold it till she got home.

The frown on my face turned to a big grin as Kate's text message gave me an idea to prepare for tomorrow. On my computer I brought up our company's calendar app. In the app I checked our list of expected visitors tomorrow, and what their schedules were. I also checked the list of who was going to be out of the office tomorrow visiting a client at their site. After reading the lists I grinned when I realized the evil idea my mind was hatching would work. I pulled my phone back out to text a response to Kate.

"OK, see u after work Kate, love u".

After sending my text to Kate I got up from my desk and went to do a few things to prepare for tomorrow.

Over at Kate's office, despite Kate's pride and her promise to be strong and to not let her bursting bladder show any weakness, no one was watching her. So Kate was crossing her legs and squirming around in desperation behind her desk for all she was worth. But despite her bursting bladder, Kate was so engrossed in her work that she was surprised when the meeting reminder popped up on her computer 15 minutes before noon.

Kate glanced at the side of her desk where she kept her empty drink containers, and counted 2 coffee cups and 4 bottles of water. Kate grimaced as her bursting bladder unexpectedly spasmed in desperation when she realized she had already drank over a gallon of water and coffee so far today, and she hadn't peed in nearly 63 hours. Kate's tight pants suit and belt only made things worse for her, applying more pressure on her rock hard bladder bulge, refusing to let it expand despite all Kate had drank so far today. Kate gripped her crotch with both hands and rocked back and forth in her chair for a moment as she waited for her bladder to calm down.

After a few minutes when Kate was convinced her bursting bladder had calmed down enough for her to handle, she grabbed her laptop and got up to head to her meeting. But Kate nearly grimaced in pain after just a few steps, as her spasming bladder reminded her how painful it was to walk in high heels with a bladder as bursting full as hers was.

Kate's meeting was a long one, starting with a work lunch at noon, and continuing until quitting time at 5 PM. Kate knew she couldn't fidget around in desperation in her meetings, but she was sure that her bursting bladder would calm down again when she got to sit down at the meeting. So my prideful wife was completely confident that she wouldn't let herself show any weakness to her co-workers as she arrived at the meeting early and sat down.

Still, Kate was nervous about meeting with her important client tomorrow, and Kate always found herself drinking more water & coffee than usual when she was nervous. A glance at her empty drink containers from this morning had told Kate that she was already drinking more than usual today.

Kate knew that she hadn't peed in over 63 hours by now, and she knew her rule that she had to hold it until my 3rd piss likely met she wouldn't be able to piss at least until tomorrow morning. Kate tried to put a conscious effort on cutting back on her heavy drinking a bit to try to stop her bursting bladder's complaints from getting even worse.

Yet as Kate's 5 hour meeting continued to drag on, Kate's nerves continued to get the better of her judgment. By 5 PM when the meeting and workday were finally over Kate had drank another 7 bottles of water and 1 more cup of coffee during her meeting. Kate quietly cursed her lack of self control as she realized she had already drank a second gallon of water today, with the entire evening still to go before bedtime. It had been nearly 3 days (68 hours to be exact) since Kate had been able to relieve her bursting rock hard bladder by now. With an effort, Kate slowly got up from her chair, hoping that standing in her high heels wouldn't set off more spasms from her desperate bladder. Kate sighed in relief as none came when she was standing, and started to carefully head towards the main entrance to meet me and go home for the day.

From my end, today had been a very productive day, as I had succeeded in making all the necessary arrangements for my evil idea I got earlier from Kate's text message. I had also been drinking a lot of water and coffee throughout the day, as I usually did, but not as much as Kate had. I had drank 2 cups of coffees and 8 bottles of water throughout the entire 8 hour workday. I had a definite urge to piss by now, but thanks to all of my practice over the last few years, heavily encouraged by Kate, I could easily handle it without an issue.

Kate was already at the main entrance of the building when I got there. Before Kate saw me coming I noticed Kate had her legs pressed close together, rubbing them back and forth in a subtle sign of her desperation after 68 hours without a piss. My prideful wife stopped this immediately when she saw me coming, and walked out to our car with me.

On the way out I grabbed a bottle of water for myself and Kate for the ride home without asking. I thought for sure Kate would at least let a small grimace show on her face after she was rubbing her legs together like that just a moment ago. But to her credit Kate's pride made her give me a big smile and thank me as she accepted the bottle of water and took a sip from it.

Me and Kate piled into the car, with me driving. In the back of my mind I wondered if Kate's rock hard bladder bulge had gotten even bigger from all her drinking today. But after a quick glance at Kate I realized Kate's tight pants suit and belt prevented her bladder from bulging out any farther. The added pressure on Kate's bladder must have been getting immense after all the additional water and coffee she's had today I realized. Yet my prideful Kate, true to her word, merely crossed one leg loosely over the other in a natural position. Not even with her tight pants suit and belt making things much more difficult on her would Kate show weakness in her bladder to me while she knew I was watching.

On the way home we made small talk for a while, and Kate began to tell me some about the important client she was meeting for much of the day tomorrow.

"So I'm afraid we won't be able to have lunch together again tomorrow Karl" Kate told me as she summed up her schedule for tomorrow. Me and Kate were always disappointed when we had to go to lunch separately, so Kate expected me to be disappointed.

I put on an Oscar winning performance as I replied to Kate "well, it turns out it's probably better your client is visiting tomorrow over another day".

Kate got a confused look on her face, and asked me "what do you mean Karl"?

"It turns out I won't be in the office tomorrow Kate, so we couldn't have lunch together anyway even if you were available that day. I've got to go out in the field with a different client tomorrow. It was supposed to be Fred who was going instead of me, but Fred got a really nasty flu over the weekend, and I was the next best person they had available". Most of that was true, except I had volunteered for the job, I wasn't chosen for being the next best option.

Kate was silent for a moment as she realized the implications of this. She wasn't able to hide the disappointment in her voice when she finally replied "well I guess that means we both have to drive separately tomorrow". I nodded my head, Kate hated driving when she hadn't peed in over 2 days, let alone over 3 and a half days like it would be tomorrow morning. "Maybe it's for the best anyway, I can't guarantee I'll be finished with my client and able to leave on time at 5 PM tomorrow, if things don't go well".

I grinned inwardly at how my ideas for tomorrow might go even better than expected after what Kate had told me. Not being able to go to work with Kate, and observe her in the car to see if she could manage not to fidget in desperation like mad was a downside to my ideas for tomorrow, but it was a necessary sacrifice for my plan.

I got me and Kate home shortly before 6 PM, with Kate having managed to maintain her composure the entire ride home without showing any signs of weakness. Still, I knew my prideful wife Kate was dying to use the toilet after going 69 hours without urinating a single drop. But of course I had still not taken my 3rd piss since Kate's last one. So rushing inside and racing to the bathroom to use the toilet she so desperately needed simply wasn't an option for my wife due to her pride

I watched as my prideful Kate got out of the car and stood on her painful high heels without flinching at the extra pressure it added to her nearly bursting bladder. Kate somehow managed to walk through our front door while continuing to maintain her composure and not let herself squirm in desperation. The first thing Kate did when she walked through the front door was kick off her painful high heels. Kate breathed an audible sigh of relief as one of the things pressuring her bursting bladder while she stood up went away.

I'm sure Kate was very tempted to also undo her tight belt and change out of her tight pants suit into something more comfortable. Kate often worse loose fitting jeans and tee shirts on the weekends, which were much kinder on a rock hard bursting bladder like Kate had now. However, Kate had never bothered changing out of her work clothing into something more comfortable after work before, except when we went out somewhere fun in the evening. So my prideful Kate obviously knew I'd view it as a sign of weakness, and call her out on it if she changed into something more comfortable to make it a bit easier on her desperate bladder.

The first thing me and Kate started to do once getting home was prepare some dinner, and turn the TV on so we could listen to the news from the kitchen. While we waited for our dinner to cook I grabbed a large 3 liter pitcher of spring water from the fridge, and poured out a large glass for each of us. Kate gladly accepted the glass of water without hesitation and downed nearly a third of it right away. Since taking her high heels off Kate had seem to become a lot calmer and more confident about the state of her bladder. Or maybe Kate's pride made her want to down her drink faster to try to prove to me how unaffected she was by her desperate bladder.

By 7 PM our dinner had been cooked and eaten, and our 3 liter pitcher and large glasses had been completely drained. The surprising part about the glasses though was who drank how many cups. Normally me and Kate each drank 3 glasses of water when we drained a 3 liter pitcher in one sitting. But Kate had proven more thirsty then I was, drinking 2 glasses before our meal was done cooking, and then drinking another 2 during dinner.

Sitting across from me at the kitchen table, Kate remained outwardly calm and confident despite the 70 hours she'd now gone without a piss, and the 2 liters of water she'd just drank. But I knew without looking that Kate was squirming and crossing her legs around in desperation under the table. And I knew that the pressure being applied to rock hard bladder bulge, which was still cruelly unable to expand due to Kate's tight clothing and belt, was only getting worse after all the water she had just drank.

"Shall we kill the last few hours before bed playing some videogames" I asked Kate. It was one of the things we often did in the evenings together. Me and Kate both had our own computers and computer desks side by side in the living room, meaning Kate could hardly squirm around in her chair without me noticing. The reason we set our computers up this way however, was that we could play online multiplayer games together without the need for headsets or shouting across the room to communicate with each other in game.

"Sure" replied Kate, "want to play some Heroes of the Storm matches as Cho'Gall?". For those who don't know, Heroes of the Storm is a MOBA game (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena), and Cho'Gall is a two headed character that takes two people to play, and required a lot of coordination between both players. Cho'Gall was me and Kate's my favorite hero, Kate normally played the Cho (who controlled where the hero moved), and I normally played the Gall.

I grinned at Kate's choice of games, no game would make me notice Kate being shall we say 'distracted' from her bursting bladder like a game of HOTS as Cho'Gall. While we booted up our computers and waited for the game to load, I grabbed another 3 liter pitcher of spring water from the fridge, poured us both a large glass, and set the pitcher down between us.

We played Heroes of the Storm as Cho'Gall for nearly 3 hours until 10 PM. Me and Kate each drank 3 glasses of water and completely drained the 3 liter pitcher during that time. I was beginning to feel the urges from my bladder a lot more since the end of work, now 15 hours since I had my morning piss. It was beginning to get to the point where I was tempted to openly squirm around in my seat in desperation, and I did start to the last hour, to let Kate know how full I was starting to get. But I was still well in control of my bladder, and unfortunately for Kate, able to last a lot longer still.

Kate on the other hand started out strong in our games, but began to become noticeably more fidgety from time to time at her desk. Kate was constantly adjusting her legs, trying to find a more comfortable position, even though she knew none would help her real issue. Yet Kate bravely continued to hold on, and rarely allowed herself to grip her crotch. As the hours went by Kate's performance did decline, but surprisingly not by much.

Still, by the time 10 PM rolled around, and we finished our last match, Kate was clearly eager to get out of her tight clothing. Kate announced she was going to take a shower, and hurried out of the room before I could say more than "ok".

Once in the bathroom safely behind the closed door where Kate knew I couldn't see her grip herself and squirm in desperation, Kate hurried to unsnap her belt buckle. At first the belt buckle refused to snap open, and Kate despaired at the pressure it continued to apply to her so aching so exhausted bladder. Then Kate pushed down harder on the snap with both her hands, at first Kate felt pain as her pressing on the belt snap pushed it harder against her rock hard bladder bulge. But then Kate felt immediate relief as the buckle snapped open, and her rock hard bladder bulge could finally expand a bit. Kate breathed a sigh of relief as she slipped the belt off, and then pulled her too tight pants to the floor.

When Kate finished fully undressing herself she sighed in relief as the pain in her bladder eased somewhat now that she finally had nothing pressing painfully down on her rock hard bladder bulge. Kate stood naked before the bathroom mirror, admiring her rock hard bladder bulge she had held back for 73 hours now, over 3 whole days. Kate's bladder bulged out nearly 3 inches by Kate's estimate. It was one of the biggest bladder bulges the prideful Kate had ever seen herself have. The prideful part of Kate's mind beamed in joy at how close she was getting to tying to her record largest bladder bulge ever.

It wasn't much of a surprise though when Kate thought back to her day, and realized after doing the math that she had downed around 3.4 gallons of water and coffee in just the last 15 hours. Plus Kate had downed around 2.5 and 3 gallons the previous two days during the weekend she recalled. Kate bit her lips nervously and wondered how she would ever get through work tomorrow with her bladder already holding nearly 9 gallons. Kate knew she had been drinking more today because she was nervous about meeting with the client and drank to help cope with her nerves. Kate feared her nerves were bound to be even worse tomorrow when in the presence of the client. It simply wasn't an option for Kate to openly fidget or pee dance in front of the client, or worse yet finally losing her iron grip over her bladder for the first time in her life right in front of the client.

Kate glanced away from the mirror and to the side at the urinal she would never use despite her husband's 'pee any time' exception. Beyond the urinal Kate's eyes stared at the inviting white toilet bowl with the lid up and seat down, waiting for her to plop herself on it and open her pussy's flood gates.

Kate shuddered violently for a moment as a larger wave of desperation hit her at the sight of the tempting relief of the toilet bowl, so close to her after 73 hours of holding it in. But despite the wave of unimaginable desperation, Kate gripped her bladder's iron sphincter muscles down as hard as she could, and refused to leak a single drop as the wave of urgency passed.

Because the lovely white toilet bowl was looking so tempting to her right now, Kate plopped the lid down to try to try to hide it's temptation. Then Kate looked away from the toilets, and went to take her shower.

The shower wasn't the easiest thing on Kate with her bladder so full either, but it was still a lot easier then wearing the tight clothing and belt Kate had been in earlier, so she bore it without complaint. Many would have been tempted with such a painfully full bladder like Kate's to pee in the shower, but Kate's pride wouldn't let her. Plus Kate thought the idea of peeing in the shower was disgusting. While she bathed herself, Kate couldn't stop herself from thinking about me, and how she had seen me start to fidget around at the desk after 15 hours without a piss. She thought about how much water and coffee I must have had today that I was holding back. Though she knew it would no doubt be extra difficult on her bladder that hadn't peed in over 73 hours, Kate was already getting turned on by the thought of full bladder sex with me before bed.

Kate finished her shower within 10 minutes, dried off, and left the bathroom to put her nightgown on. I hurried into the bathroom after she left, and took a quick shower myself before joining Kate in the bedroom.

Me and Kate were soon both all over each, both turned on by each other's full bladder. I gently rubbed Kate's rock hard bursting bladder bulge during sex, feeling just how full it was. Even that gentle touch was enough to make Kate moan in pain, but she didn't pull my hands away. I whispered to Kate how proud I was of her for maintaining her composure all day. I told her how proud I was of her for continuing to keep her iron bladder's dam shut despite how many gallons of water and coffee she had drank. Kate whispered back how she told me she was strong enough to get through the whole day and more without a leak, all while shuddering involuntarily from time to time from the pressure our sex was putting on her bladder.

When we were finished, Kate was gripping her pussy with both hands, as the strain our sex had put on her bladder had made her urges much worse again. Kate glanced over at me, not saying a word, but silently pleading for me to take a before bed piss so she could do the same. I smiled at her silently with a look she knew met no, and rolled over to fall asleep.

Kate fidgeted around in bed for another 30 minutes before she regained enough control over her bladder to fall asleep despite it being so full. While Kate didn't wake up during the night, she had constant dreams where she was always desperate to piss, but was somehow never able to find a place to piss in her dreams.

I meanwhile had more pleasant dreams, about how my plans for tomorrow would give Kate's bladder a much rougher day than she ever imagined.

=====

That's all for now, let me know what you all think.

