Wet Student Roleplay

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-03-05 18:25

Hi everyone, I'm back after a while. This story isn't for everyone as it contains some roleplaying by husband and wife (not a real scenario). Also, there a bit of cross-dressing by the husband. I'll probably add some past and future experiences by this couple in coming weeks.

Julian loudly shook the cowbell in his hand. Pooja, at the doorway, twisted in agony. Her knees ground together as she danced helplessly in place. It was completely clear- the poor girl was dying for the toilet. She twirled agonizingly in place, with half a mind to rush off to the toilet.

Julian’s bell clanged again. “Pooja, please take your seat now- class is starting.”

Pooja groaned quietly as she took a couple of reluctant steps into the “classroom”, Julian’s home office. A single wooden chair sat across from the large wooden desk Julian usually prepared his teaching materials from.

“Please, sir- you don’t understand! My last class ran late and I rushed over here to be on time! I didn’t get to visit the ladies!” Her voice wavered, in part from desperation and in part from her stellar act of a helpless female college student on the verge of tears.

Julian took a moment to admire his beautiful wife. Wearing skinny jeans, white tank-top (no bra), and a see-through pink over-shirt, she danced writhing her hips not ten feet away from him. Her little fists were clenched forcefully- he could see her long sky-blue fingernails digging into her skin as she desperately waived her arms about. She was absolutely bursting, fighting the urge to grab her crotch- not that she hadn’t done that a thousand times in front of her husband. No, she was totally committed to her role. It was Julian’s thirtieth birthday and she wanted to make it as memorable as possible. Julian could hardly believe his eyes- how lucky he was to have a woman into his fetish beside him!

They had met at the University of Western Colorado three years ago- she had already been working there as a sessional instructor for a couple of semesters and he had joined her department. They had grown close quickly and the friendship had quickly evolved into romance. Pooja came from a traditional Indian family, so they had taken things slow. Julian was more open about his desires, so it didn’t take Pooja long to figure out her sexy body plus a full bladder got him rock hard.

“I’m sorry- you know the rules, Ms. Sethi. Now come in and join your classmates.” Julian gestured towards the chair. He was already erect and the skit had merely started. The noticeable bulge in his black dress pants betrayed him as he attempted to maintain a strict teacher act. Underneath his neatly ironed and creased pants, his excited male organ pushed relentlessly against the silk fabric of his lacy red panties- a gift from Pooja last Christmas.

Pooja hobbled to the chair and slid down into it. Her lips mouthed a barely audible “ooh” as sitting added more pressure to her rapidly filing bladder. Since her morning pee three hours ago, Pooja had downed a large home-brewed coffee, a tall glass of grapefruit juice, and her 1L water bottle twice. She had teased her husband relentlessly as they had gone out to pick up a birthday cake for the party tonight. Filling up in public was always a naughty turn-on for Pooja, especially when her man was there looking for subtle clues of her mounting desperation. She had downed her bottle for the second time during the drive to the store and had squirmed in the bakery section as Julian took way too long hemming and hawing over which cake to get.

Now back home, her feet bounced in unison on the laminate floor. She, a desperate student, was about to piss herself in class. A growing excitement spread out from the pit of her stomach- what a thrill this was! She often wondered if her some of her young, attractive students put off going to the lavatory during class time. She had definitely seen her share of students, male and female alike, packing up their things and bolting out the door at the end of 3-hour lessons. Were they desperate for relief? It certainly made sense that some students would be, if they had put off peeing during the short mid-class break. Pooja certainly never peed at break-time and her bladder was usually pretty full by class’s end.

Julian was stumbling through his accounting notes as he eyed his struggling wife. It hardly mattered- Pooja was in no shape to focus on anything except maintaining control of her engorged bladder. Again and again, it threatened to shoot hot urine through her strained urethra. The pee would exit her body and soak her violet bikini-cut cotton panties. Julian loved those panties on her. Simple but pretty- even prettier when they were soaked with piss.

After nearly ten minutes of constant wriggling, Pooja’s hand shot up. “Please professor, I really need to go- it’s an emergency!”

Julian chewed his lip thoughtfully. “OK, you may go this time. But I want you back in class within three minutes. The toilets are just outside and you have no excuse for wandering elsewhere- don’t make me come look for you!”

“Thanks, sir. I’ll be right back- I promise!” Pooja stood up carefully with one hand over her crotch. She resisted smiling as she felt Julian’s gaze locked in on her. This was so much fun! Julian had come up with such a hot scenario that morning.

“And no more drama from you the rest of class either!” Julian called out as she exited his office.

Pooja exited the room and rushed off to the kitchen- she needed more water. She located her empty water bottle on the table and shoved it into the water dispenser on the fridge. As the cold water noisily poured into the bottle, Pooja crossed her legs and clenched her pussy tighter. She was mere minutes away from losing complete control. It was a minor miracle she hadn’t made a wet spot on her underwear yet.

“Good, welcome back. Now, sit.” Pooja bit her lower lip as she re-entered the classroom.

“S-sir… the washrooms were closed for cleaning.” She danced on the spot for emphasis, her hands folded into a ball in front of her groin and pressed up against her womanhood. Julian’s mouth opened in temporary speechlessness. Despite coaching her to say the exact line, the fantasy was still nearly overwhelming to him.

“Well… t-that’s too bad. You will have to hold it until the end of class like a big girl.” Julian spoke firmly and turned his attention back to the notes package he was reading from.

“But please sir- I- I am going to have an accident.” Pooja whimpered. The scene was hardly acted- she was truly on the verge of peeing her pants where she stood.

“Sorry, but we had a deal- you got your break. Now please, SIT DOWN!”

Feigning frustration, Pooja collapsed into her chair again. She waited for her husband to start reading again before opening her water bottle and tipping the cool water down her throat. It seemed to flow straight into her bladder, and she quickly lowered the bottle again. Her legs scissored as she rocked in her chair, clutching herself. Her thoughts drifted back to when she had wet herself in 3rd grade after her friend had dared her to drink three milk cartons at lunch.

Pooja had managed to complete the dare, just barely keeping the large volume of milk down, but the bigger issue had come after lunch break- in class, in the form of the 8-year old’s rapidly filling bladder. The strict teacher had let her go the first time but accused her of faking the second time a half-hour later. Pooja ended up wetting her skirt at her desk and the class had roared with laughter. To her credit, the teacher had apologized profusely and even explained to her mom that it had not been Pooja’s fault. Back home, mom had prepared a bubble bath with her favourite rubber ducky. She had lovingly assured her upset daughter that accidents sometimes happened and they were perfectly okay. Pooja suspected that her relationship with Julian had reignited old feelings about the incident.

On top of everything else, watching Julian teaching with a huge erection was driving her wild. Here he was, a handsome, young, well-dressed professor trying his best to stay composed, but unable to keep himself from growing sexually excited. All because of a cute naughty student who was wetting herself in his class- all because of her. As she watched the giant tent poking out from his pants, Pooja’s thoughts drifted to what he wore underneath. She visualized his giant manhood poking through the red lingerie. Knowing that, underneath the professional attire, he was wearing a very feminine and sexy pair of panties she had picked out for him made it all that much hotter.

Pooja felt herself squirt into her panties and squeezed tighter to limit the damage- it wouldn’t be long now before she involuntarily soiled her best pair of jeans. She knew this particular pair drove Julian absolutely wild. The denim fabric snugly hugged her fit, shapely ass and the tight waistband severely restricted how much her bladder could expand- she suspected that she had wet this particular pair of jeans at least ten times for him.

She yelled out, interrupting her professor’s reading, as he had carefully requested earlier that morning. “Please sir, mera pashaabh niklunh vala eh! Main apni pant gili kurun vali eh!”

Julian almost exploded in his dress pants. He had heard Pooja resort back to her native Punjabi language when she was truly desperate during their initial time playing “hold-it” together. After he had asked what she had yelled seconds before drenching her panties and skirt, Pooja had figured out her instinctive outburst had driven her man wild. She then started purposely including more Punjabi between desperate moans. He was picking up Punjabi slowly with her help, but there was no doubt what that familiar phrase meant. Pooja had just leaked and was about to completely wet her jeans.

Julian stopped reading and began vigorously rubbing himself through his pants. He didn’t want to come in his pants, but the temptation to masturbate was becoming too overwhelming. His student was helplessly disgracing herself in his classroom. Soon, she would wet her tight, light-blue jeans and go through the humiliation of having a toilet accident in a college classroom.

“No! You can’t leave…” Julian gasped as he stroked the head of his rock-hard member through the cotton fabric. His testosterone-fueled vulgar act continued despite his distant thought about sharing his imminent climax with his wife.

Pooja pressed against her vulva through the jeans. She was hopelessly desperate and aroused- a telltale glistening sweat covered her beautiful face. Unable to help herself, she stroked herself a few times, circling her right hand over her jeans. It felt amazing- she somehow willed herself to stop rubbing in the interest of accurate roleplay. Her fingers now pushed hard against her crotch- she was SO close to peeing herself in class.

“Professor…”

She stood up, with equal intent to surrender the difficult battle and halt her husband from orgasming on his own. The floodgates opened and Pooja began wetting her pants. She closed her eyes and with relief as her entire body relaxed. Her fingers were finally out of her crotch with her hand on her hips, her legs spread apart so her husband could fully enjoy the show.

Julian’s eyes widened as a rapidly spreading wetness engulfed the worn denim cloth. His compulsive rubbing intensified. In addition to the exhilarating relief of finally letting go, Pooja felt the pleasant warmth of her pee flooding her jeans and socks. She opened her eyes to enjoy the giant waterfall flowing from her pussy and forming a clear lake at her feet. As she finally finished emptying her bladder, she looked up and noticed Julian trying to work his pants open so he could get his right hand into his panties- his natural tendency when his wife wet herself. Pooja knew she had to act quickly if she wanted to share his climax.

“Honey, wait- stop!” She briskly walked to the front of the room with the impressive work desk, creating a trail of wet footsteps behind her. She grabbed his wrist and pulled his hand out from inside his pants. She closed her eyes and leaned forward. He took the hint well and kissed her. As their tongues met, she inched closer to feel his giant erection against her wet body.

They broke off the kiss and he abruptly returned to his professor role, even though his manhood was persistently throbbing inside his panties. His unbuttoned dress pants had slid down to his feet.

“Look at the big wet mess you’ve made in my classroom, young lady.”

“Mmmm…” Pooja moaned softly, excited about the turn this was taking.

“I am going to have to punish you for it! Let’s teach you some discipline, you dirty girl!”

Julian dragged her to his desk and pushed her down on it. Knowing what was coming, she quickly unbuttoned her tight form-fitting jeans so he could yank them down to her thighs. She now stood bent over the desk with her wet violet panties exposed to him.

He began spanking his naughty student as he scolded her. “You naughty little baby girl- wetting your pants in class! Who is going to clean up your puddle?”

Pooja smiled and winced simultaneously as her husband’s palm punished her stinging bottom over and over. It was painful and pleasurable at the same time.

“I will, professor. I’m sorry!”

“Quiet, you!” His breathing grew heavier as he tired from beating her.

She quickly reached behind her and pulled down her panties. She didn’t want the fun to stop just yet and the sight of her shaved pussy always did the trick.

Julian found his second wind and pulled down his own panties, finally freeing his pulsating penis. He entered her and pumped roughly. Already on the edge of orgasm, Pooja screamed with pleasure. They were done after a mere minute of sex- he shot his hot white load into her while her hands spread to the edges of his work desk. She collapsed down on it, breathing heavily, her 34B breasts rising and falling under her tank top.

Julian put his hands on the table on either side of her slender, semi-naked body. He was spent after experiencing one of his top sexual fantasies. He pulled out and gently pushed his body on top of hers. They lay there for a long moment in exhausted, satisfied bliss.

“Wow.” Pooja finally spoke a minute later.

“Yeah, wow.” Julian agreed. He pulled away from the desk and stripped off his panties. Pooja did the same with her soaked clothes. It was time to clean up and begin birthday party preparations.

