Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 4

Author: Fuchsa9073

*075*2021-12-09 10:08

Grace was filling out her toilet log when her mom arrived home. 7am: Pee and poop in toilet at home. 4:15pm: small leak in pants in car. 4:20: Pee in toilet at gas station.

"Looks like we need to talk about that second entry" Erica said.

"Uh, yeah" answered Grace. "I actualy dribbled at the end of detention. Thankfully it was only my panties, nothing showed on my pants.....well, nothing showed until Tony got me to the gas station."

"Who is Tony?" Erica inquired.

Grace told her mom about her hour of detention and how Tony had been so kind as they were leaving. "I was so greatful that he drove me to the closest gas station. We didn't really talk on the drive over there, I was too busy holding myself. I didn't want to have an accident on his seat; I tried so hard to keep it in. When I hopped out of the car I felt some spurt out! I looked down and saw a spot the size of a baseball in my crotch. I started to run, it just caused another spurt. No matter what I did, I kept leaking. Thankfully there was an empty stall when I got to the restroom."

"When I got done on the toilet I looked at my jeans to see how much I had leaked. There was a streak down each leg halfway to my knees. I was glad my butt stayed dry, I did't want to have to ask for a plastic bag to put on Tony's seat."

"A couple people giggled as I walked back to the car. Tony could obviously see that I didn't quite make it in time. He was really kind and understanding, he brought me straight home so I didn't have to risk anyone else seeing what I had done."

Erica walked over to Grace. "Stand up, dear. Let me see how bad it is."

Grace slowly rose to show her mom that the stain was no longer visible after a few hours of drying. Grace gasped as her mom reached out and grabbed between her legs.

"Feels like your accident wasn't that small." Erica moved her hand down Grace's leg then around to the bottom of her butt. "That was all the way to both knees! At least you kept your butt dry. It wasn't a huge accident but, it's still bigger than just a little dribble. I'll need to punish you for this one."

Grace started to hyperventilate when her mom said the word 'punish'. Tears began to trickle from her eyes. "Please don't make me put them on my face" she begged.

"You knew what would happen if you peed your pants" said Erica. "I was lenient when you dribbled in your panties without getting it on your pants, today it was visible on your pants, and in public at a gas station! Rules are rules. You know the punishment at home for a third wetting."

Grace wanted to run and hide as her mom grabbed the leather belt, reluctantly she did as she was told. "Bend over."

Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap!

As Grace stood up she began to tremble in fear. She wasn't afraid of the next 10 swats, her mom didn't spank very hard. After removing her damp jeans she placed her fingers on the waistband of her panties, then stopped. "Please mom" she begged, "Please not my face!"

"You know the rule" said Erica. "Stalling won't make it any better. Please do it yourself so I don't have to do it for you."

Grace bawled as she slowly peeled down the damp panties. She briefly shivered as her nakedness was displayed to her mother. Worse than her embarassment was the disgust she felt as she raised her panties to her face. Grace gagged as she placed the yellow stain over her nose.

"I'm not going to make you keep them there for long" said Erica. "As soon as these next ten swats are over you can take them off."

Grace grabbed her ankles. She just wanted to get the spanking done so she could remove her nasty underwear.

Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap...Slap!

As soon as the final swat had been delivered Grace ripped the underwear from her face. "Ugh, that was horrible!"

Erica looked at her naked daughter who was now dry heaving. "I know it's been a rough day. We can talk later. Go get yourself cleaned up."

*078*2021-12-20 09:25

After scrubbing her clothes and taking a shower Grace went to talk to her mom. "What do you think will happen to Maria's mom?"

"I suppose we can hop on-line and watch the recording of the PTA hearing" answered Erica. Erica turned on her laptop and went to the website for the PTA Conduct Committee. Erica fast forwarded the video to the hearing for Bethany Vargas.

The high definition video panned from the curvy 45 year old mother to her shapely daughter's dirty bottom as the offense was read by the committee chair. When the video went back to Bethany her face was a mixture of pity for Maria and fear for herself. Grace felt embarassed on Maria's behalf as she listened to Bethany's testimony about Maria's potty training and prior accidents.

'This isn't her first accident' testified the elder Vargas, 'in fact there have been more than I can count. As a child there were a lot, she didn't potty train well. Since becoming a teenager she is mostly a bedwetter, probably 3 or 4 times a year for the past several years. She's wet her pants a couple times too. Her first pants wetting was at a rest stop during last summer's family road trip; we were only stopping at pre-scheduled stops about 250 miles apart, she just couldn't make it in time and pissed in her leggings as she tried to run to the restroom. Her other pants wetting was last fall; she came home an hour past curfew and wet herself as she was being disciplined. Today is her first time pooping herself.'

Bethany's testimony was then directed to any consequences that the Vargas family had used, Grace cringed when she listened to Maria's mom.

'We believe in having all the kids watch their siblings discipline, we want them to learn from each others mistakes. As the oldest of 4 kids Maria has been the example dozens of times and has been a witness hundreds more. Corporal punishment is common in our home. We try to be fair and use a standard punishment for common misbehaviors.

'The standard discipline for bedwetting is one swat for each year of the child's age (Maria's last 2 wet beds each earned her 18 swats), following the spanking the wet child is made to stand in the corner for one hour, then they place their bedding and pajamas in the wash. Maria's siblings see her disciplined like this a few times per year, her youngest sister has been disciplined this way as well.

'Pants wettings are considered more serious since the offending child is awake and should have recognized the signs and gone to the bathroom long before their pants get wet. A first time pants wetter gets 20 swats followed by 90 minutes standing in the corner. Maria watched her brother get this punishment 2 years ago so she knew what would happen to her as she ran accross the rest stop parking lot last year. Maria is the only one to misbehave this way twice. The second time we punished her for this we gave her 30 swats on her wet bottom and made her spend 2 hours in the corner.

'We've only had to discipline one child for pants pooping, it was a couple years ago if I remember correctly. Her brother was in the bathroom and Maria's sister couldn't wait long enough (it was pretty nasty, we couldn't salvage her underwear or leggings). We figure doing a #2 in your pants is twice as bad as a #1 so we doubled the punishment, 40 swats followed by 3 hours of cornertime.'

The high definition video showed Bethany's face turn crimson as the committee chair asked about any examples she may have set. 'Um, nothing any of the kids would have seen. I got a little tipsy on date night about 5 years ago and was squirming pretty bad in the car on the way home. The kids were all in bed by the time we got home so they didn't see me wet myself as I walked up the stairs.' The committee chair pressed Bethany on any consequences she may have faced; both Grace and Erica giggled as Bethany answered. 'Uh, my husband spanked me, I don't think I could call it a punishment.'

Maria's mom explained to the PTA Conduct Committee, 'I don't know the exact punishment Maria will face tonight, her father and I will need a few minutes to discuss it. I can assure you we will take into account that she did a #1 in her pants for the third time, in addition to having a #2 in her pants. We'll make an example of her in front of her siblings.'

As the members of the committee spoke amongst themselves the high definition image switched again to Maria's wet and soiled pants. The hearing may have been for Bethany, but the camera operator made sure to highlight Maria's shamefully dirty pants.

The camera panned back to Bethany as the PTA Chair began to address her. 'Mrs. Vargas, we are pleased to hear that discipline is imposed in a consistent manner in your home; that is the entire point of the Maternal Responsibility Act! You spoke of standard consequences, we agree. A few weeks ago Erica Campbell appeared before this committee after her daughter urinated in her pants at school, we set a sanction of 25 swats and 20 hours community service as the standard for a firat offense. Your daughter has defecated in her pants; we will follow the example of your household and double the sanction for the mother of a defecation offender. We contemplated additional sanctions for you since Maria released both bladder and bowels into her clothes. We decided that your history of administering consistent discipline has mitigated the need for additional sanctions.'

The camera zoomed in on Bethany's rear end, it showed her instinctively reaching her hands to her butt as the committee chair gave the final order of a 50 swat paddling and 40 hours of service to the school. As she pulled her hands quickly away the camera one last time panned to the visible evidence of Maria's accident.

"Oh my god mom! Whoever runs the camera kept showing Maria's accident ...or her mom's butt! Was it like that either time you had a PTA hearing?"

Erica nodded. "I watched the recordings from both my hearings, both times they focused on both our butts. It is like that all the time."

Grace said, "It sounds like Mrs. Vargas will be harsh with Maria. Thats's on top of the punishment she got today at school...and she has to be paddle in class tomorrow, too!"

"I understand you feel empathy for her", said Erica. "Just remember, you have your own bathroom worries...actually, we both do. We both have had three punishments at home. A fourth accident means an even worse punishment. I let you off easy on smelling your wet panties today, I won't be lenient again." Erica sighed, "And we certainly know Julie won't ever be lenient with me!"

"What is the extra punishment for the next offense?" Grace looked inquisitively at her mom.

"I don't know honey," replied Erica. "I suppose adding 10 more lashes with the belt and extending the time with wet underwear on our faces. Aunt Julie threatened to invite a friend to witness my next punishment. I don't know if I could do that to you."

"Oh mom! I'll keep crossing my legs. I will try to never pee my pants again! Hopefully neither of us ever earn another punishment!"

*080*2021-12-23 10:50

After grabbing her cleaning cart, Erica proceeded to the restrooms in the nurses office, they were filthy! The toilets looked and smelled like a nasty stomach bug was working it's way through the school. The nurse's toilets were so dirty that Erica was only able to get one of them cleaned before it was time to begin changing diapers.

As Erica unbuttoned Toby's pants she saw a tear roll down his cheek. "Toby, when I started my community service last week, the nurse told me you have been diapered at school for over 2 years. She said you've always been pleasant, no matter what state your diaper was in. Why the sour mood today?"

"The rumors are getting really bad, Ms Campbell. With Grace's accidents last week and Maria's accident yesterday, other kids are really talking. Everyone knows part of your community service is to change diapers. I have a really bad feeling that someone is going to see me leaving the nurse's office and figure out why! I don't want anyone to know that I pissed in my gym clothes. It doesn't matter that it was over 2 years ago, they'll tease me everyday!"

Erica felt bad for the young man, she knew his fears were legitimate. Erica removed his wet diaper, taped on a dry one, then buttoned his pants. As he trudged out of the changing room Erica could hear slight crinkle as he left. Her heart broke as she realized his classmates might recognize that same noise if they paid attention.

As Shelly walked in to the changing room Erica could smell the faint odor of urine. With all the rumors circulating, Erica realized that even a faint smell could give away the girl's secret. Erica quickly went to work getting rid of Shelly's odor. She truly hoped Shelly's diaper would remain secret.

By noon, Erica was back to scrubbing the toilet in the nurse's office. As she was cleaning, Erica heard a girl sobbing.

"I was trying not to! I'm on restriction, it would't have happened otherwise. Please don't send me to the principal!"

Erica overheard the nurse say, "I have a few questions I am required to ask you before I decide if you'll be sent to the principal or if you are dealt with here. How old are you and what grade are you in?"

"I'm 18, I'm a senior."

The nurse sighed, "Much to old for this. Have you had a medical emergency today?"

"No."

"Has a doctor declared you medically incontinent?"

"No ma'am."

"Then I have to bring you to the principal. Let's go." Erica peeked out into the office and saw the nurse escorting the young woman out into the hall. The glistening streaks running down the girl's legs confirmed Erica's suspicion.

Erica was finishing her scrubbing when the nurse returned a few minutes later. "Was that Jenny?" Erica asked. "Will Heather Blanc have a Maternal Responsibility Act hearing this afternoon?"

"I'm afraid you are right" replied the nurse. "It was Jenny's last day of disciplinary restriction. It was only three days, I kind of thought she might make it."

"Her mom is so arrogant, I look forward to Heather getting sanctioned" confessed Erica. "I feel bad that Jenny is going have to go through the embarassment that comes with an accident, but I can't wait to watch Heather's butt get paddled on Saturday morning."

The nurse chided Erica, "If I remember correctly, you had the opportunity to see her paddling last Saturday, it was right before your own!"

"I know it's catty of me" admitted Erica. "There is something about that woman that irks me to no end. I hope she pisses her pants on Saturday."

"Jenny's wet pants were somewhat expected" said the nurse. "The principal was still pretty mad. In the past 3 weeks, 3 separate girls have had 5 accidents at school....and they are each likely to have more during remainder of their disciplinary toilet restriction! The principal is considering some drastic increase in punishments for student hygiene violations. I think things are about to get worse for students with accidents on their records."

"Worse? How much worse can it get? They are already the laughingstocks of the school" exclaimed Erica.

"I wasn't told the details" said the nurse. "I was just told to review the records of every student who has committed a hygiene violation in the past 4 years. I am supposed to have a summary of each incident ready by 2pm. I better get busy if I am going to be done in time."

Erica pondered her conversation with the nurse as she went on with her cleaning duties. Her internal thoughts were interrupted as the passing time bell rang and girls flooded in to the girls room she was cleaning.

Erica took her place in the corner to wait for the girls to clear out. The gossip she overheard today was all about Jenny Blanc (no surprise). 'Huge yellow puddle...so disgusting....at least she didn't poop like Maria....acted like a toddler'

Erica was thankful when the restroom emptied. Her thoughts kept returning to her anticipation of Heather Blanc's upcoming humiliation. She knew the bits of gossip she overheard from the students was similar to the gossip that other moms would have at coffee shops all over the city in the coming days. Oh how she hoped Heather would pee her pants during a paddling! Erica knew Heather's ego would be deflated just by having to appear at another PTA hearing. Erica wanted to watch the hearing to see Heather's agony. Erica knew by the time the hearing started she would either be bursting or as wet as Heather's daughter; she would have to wait until later in the evening to watch a recording online.

Erica finished the girl's room and moved to the boy's room. As Erica started to scrub the first urinal she began to feel the first twinge of fullness in her bladder. She glanced at her watch and saw it was just about 2pm, another passing time between classes was about to begin.

As the bell rang the room filled with boys. 'Did you see her butt clench before she completely lost it?....she was pretty embarassed....it was sooo nasty...I wonder what the surprise assembly is about?'

Erica had a horrible feeling as she overheard the boys mention a school assembly. She worried the conversation she had with the nurse was somehow related. She didn't have long to wonder, a few minutes after the passing time ended the nurse came to get Erica.

"We think it is important for you to see this" the nurse said as she led Erica into the large auditorium that held over 2,000 students. Erica was not surprised when she saw Jenny Blanc standing in the middle of the stage, still wearing her wet pants.

The principal began to address the students. "There has been a rash of hygiene violations recently. Beginning today any student committing a hygiene violation will be made an example of in front of the entire student body. As you can see, today's offender is Jenny Blanc. Miss Blanc will be the first student to receive the new, more severe punishment. She will be paddled on stage, she will serve a 4 hour detention, then she will have her toilet access restricted for the next 2 weeks.

"Miss Blanc may be the first to be punished at a school assembly but, she is far from the first hygiene offender at this school. I need the following students to come forward and join us on stage: senior Maria Vargas (urinated and defecated her pants in 12th grade), senior Grace Campbell (urinated her pants in 12th grade), sophmore Kara Symon (urinated her pants in 8th grade, junior Amy Hiles (urinated her pants in 11th grade), senior Jane Diamond (urinated her pants in 9th grade), senior Toby Gorrow (urinated his pants in 10th grade, freshman Timothy Waller (defecated his pants in 9th grade), senior Shelly Yardley (urinated her pants in 10th grade), sophmore Madison Jeffers (urinated her pants in 9th grade), sophmore Addison Kamps (defecated her pants in 9th grade), junior Hillary Downer (urinated her pants in 9th grade), senior Kimberly Fowler (defecated her pants in 10th grade)."

As Toby, Shelly, and all the other diapered students were escorted onto the stage Erica felt tears forming in her eyes. They no longer had to be concerned about subtle smells or crinkles giving away their secrets.

The principal continued to address the student body. "Grace and Maria are currently serving toilet restrictions, future wettings or soilings may result in them being diapered. The other students you see on stage have all been placed in diapers for 3 or more hygiene violations. We have posted detailed descriptions of all hygiene offenses on the bulletin board near the nurses office. Be warned, from this day forward wet or soiled pants will result in being paddled on this stage!"

Erica's pity for these students grew as Jenny Blanc was bent over for her paddling. Seeing Jenny's mom suffer was no longer worth the embarassment these kids were having to endure.

*091*2022-01-12 07:40

Grace's mind was somewhat numb by the time she reported to detention. She had been surprised when the assembly was announced, even more shocked when she and the other hygiene offenders had been called to the stage. Her mother had told her that there were 10 students who had to have their diapers changed everyday, seeing them lined up on the stage next to her and Maria made her realize how common accidents really were at this school. Just this academic year, Grace was one of 5 students to have the misfortune of losing control with their clothes on!

Grace took her seat as Jenny was walking into the room, her light blue leggings still showed the dark streaks that visibly displayed her status as the most recent hygiene offender. Grace found herself feeling relieved that she was allowed to sit in detention and not required to stand next to Jenny at the front of the room. The feeling of relief was short lived, her throbbing bladder reminded Grace that she was dangerously close to committing her third offense.

The urge to go to the bathroom had started around lunch time. The ache in her lower abdomen was a familiar feeling after nearly three weeks of having some type of toilet restriction in place. During the first part of the afternoon she thought she had been handling her mild desperstion well, it wasn't until the unexpected assembly that Grace realized her squirming was not very subtle. Although Grace felt bad for Jenny's public humiliation, the spectacle helped keep eyes off of Grace's own wiggles. Grace had stolen a glance at Maria during the assembly and recognized Maria's bounces as evidence of her own struggle.

Grace had managed to control herself through the assembly and last class of the day. Now as she sat in detention Grace winced as she fought back another wave of pressure.

A quick look around the room revealed four other students serving detention. Miles and Adam were each serving a four hour detention; like Jenny they would stay in detention until they appeared at their mother's Maternal Responsibility Act hearing that evening. Maria's detention was only for one hour. Maria kept shifting in her chair, Grace recognized the outward sign of Maria's need for the restroom. Grace wondered if Maria would make it through her weeks of restroom denial; based on what her mother had testified at yesterday's hearing, Grace suspected Maria would soon be a two time hygiene offender.

Grace's thoughts switched to Jenny. The girl had been utterly humiliated in front of her peers. Grace now wondered what punishment Heather Blanc would inflict upon her daughter. Grace wondered about Maria's punishment too, based on her mom's testimony the day before Grace was sure Maria was sitting on a sore butt as she squirmed in her seat.

After an hour had ticked by Grace and Maria were dismised, both were visibly uncomfortabe as they hobbled out of the room. Grace was elated to see Tony waiting for her, she quickly accepted his offer of a ride to the public restroom nearest the school.

"Do you want a ride too, Maria? There is a restroom less than five minutes away."

"Ooh, I'm not allowed" answered Maria. "The punishment from my parents includes having to hold it until 9pm. For as long as the school has me on toilet restriction, my parents do too. I am only allowed to go at 7am before school and again before my early bedtime at 9pm. I know I won't make it until 9, I'm just going to call it a win if I wait until I get home before I pee my pants!"

"What happens if you wet at home?"

Maria sighed "Mostly just more spanking and cornertime. It sounds like they might add some extra chores as well. Whatever they do at home can't be worse than what happens here at school!"

As they walked to the parking lot Grace suddenly stopped. "Oh boy!" Her hands rapidly went to her crotch and she squeezed her thighs together. "That was close, I almost lost it that time."

Grace was glad to see that Tony took her to a different gas station then yesterday, she didn't want to see the store clerk that saw her in wet pants yesterday. Even better was when Grace saw there was no line for the ladies room! As Grace pulled down her pants and threw herself on the toilet, she gave herself a mental pat on the back; she'd kept her pants and panties dry today!

*094*2022-01-16 00:47

Erica cursed to herself as she looked at her watch. She had to go so bad, how could it only be 4:30? She seriously doubted that she would make it to 7pm without a complete soaking (she had long ago resigned herself the realization that her panties would be damp by the end of the day).

Erica felt a bit childish for taking such pleasure in Heather Blanc's upcoming shame. While she truly felt bad for the humiliation Jenny must be experiencing, Erica felt her mother's impending sanctions were well deserved. Heather had a history of believing that she and her family we're above the rules; for the second time in under a week Heather would be forced to take responsibility for her daughter's misbehavior. Erica knew Heather would only be given the standard sanction for having a child commit a hygiene violation at school, that didn't stop her from taking pleasure in knowing that Heather would have to endure the disgrace of publicly admitting any of her family's toileting mishaps. Any type of embarassment to Heather was a win in Erica's book.

Erica's thoughts about the upcoming hearing were quickly forced from her mind as a cramp between her legs reminded her of her own plight. She gave a little wiggle and she went back to scrubbing the urinal in the second floor boys room. As she moved to the next fixture the strong urine smell emitting from it caused her to pause; the smell reminded her of the odor from her panties as she had worn them on her face during her last punishment. Erica crinkled her nose and blushed a little as she was reminded of her own recent wetting. She squeezed her thighs together to help delay leaking into her underwear.

By 5:30 Erica had moved to the first floor women's room. She was spending more time doing the potty dance then actual cleaning. She bent over as she was struck by a particularly bad wave of desperation. As the urge subsided she became aware of a warm feeling in her crotch. A glance at the mirror confirmed she would not be able to attend Heather Blanc's hearing in person.

Erica realized the wet patch between her legs would soon envelop the entire lower half of her clothing. She made the decision that no grown woman should ever have to make. Erica felt dejected as she watched in the mirror as the stain and warmth rapidly extended down her legs. As she listened to the urine trickling onto the floor she slowly turned so she could see her backside in the mirror, shame washed over her as she inspected her soaked rear end.

The rational part of Erica's brain told her it made far more sense to wet her pants now, instead of agonizing for the next hour or so until it happened anyway. Emotionally Erica was a wreck, it just wasn't right for an adult to pee in her pants!

Erica stood in her puddle for an extra minute waiting for the urine to stop dripping from the bottom of her pants. She felt the cotton cooling after the urine stopped flowing out of her. As she stood over her puddle, Erica sent a text message to her sister Julie. As she waited for Julie's reply Erica wondered what her punishment would be this time.

After the final drops of urine joined the yellow pool at her feet, Erica grabbed the mop and went to work removing the evidence of her accident from the floor. Erica wished she were allowed to remove the cold damp evidence that was clinging to her legs.

She was grateful no one had been in the women's room to see her disgraceful act. As she moved the cleaning cart to the men's room she immediately had an audience. Two men were standing at the urinals as she entered the restroom. As they zipped up, both gave her a long look as they chuckled.

Erica found herself hoping the PTA Conduct Committee would be extra harsh with Heather Blanc; oh how she wanted Heather to experience the shame of wetting her pants as she cleaned a public restroom! Erica knew the PTA was not likely to give Heather anything more than 25 swats and 20 hours of Community Service changing diapers for Jenny's first hygiene violation. Erica wished Jenny wouldn't need to wet her pants a second time for Heather to get a week of cleaning restrooms. From what Grace had said about Jenny's difficulty making it through the first couple days of toilet restriction, Erica was pretty certain Heather would find herself cleaning this restroom soon enough.

As the PTA meeting drew closer the men's room got busier. Although Erica spent less time cleaning when the bathroom was occupied, it meant extra embarrassment as men kept looking at her. As an unmarried woman Erica was used to men commenting about her appearance; she usually didn't mind, she was a MILF and generally pretty proud of her body. Today she knew the smell of urine coming from her jeans was not helping her image with the single dads!

Finally at 7pm she pushed the cart back to the janitor's room. As she trudged out of the building she couldn't help but walk towards the auditorium where the PTA Conduct Committee was meeting. Erica poked her head through the open door and saw that the audience was focused on the proceedings. Erica paused for a moment, it appeared there were three other cases be handled before Heather Blanc's. To her dismay Erica couldn't stay long enough for Heather's hearing, she had to get home and face her own punishment from Julie.

*095*2022-01-16 08:47

Erica began to sob as she arrived home. In addition to Julie's SUV there were three other cars in the driveway. Julie clearly intended to follow through with her threat of punishing Erica in front of witnesses. Erica took a brief moment to compose herself before entering the house. She wanted to face her punishment with a degree of dignity, of course it is difficult portray any hint of dignity when your pants are soaked with your own piss.

When Erica opened the door she was met by her friends Amy, Martha, and Katie. All three tried not to giggle as they greeted her. Erica saw Grace standing in the hallway; Erica was glad to see her daughter was wearing the same pants as earlier and there was no sign she had any type of accident. She was relieved that Grace did not have to be punished, her daughter had been humiliated enough for one day.

Julie took Erica by the arm and led her to the living room. "Follow us ladies" she said.

As Grace, Katie, Amy and Martha sat down in the living room Julie turned to her sister, "This is the fourth time you have wet your pants in the past few weeks. You should be ashamed, you are supposed to set a better example for your daughter! As you know the punishment gets worse with each offense. Today we will start with 15 swats on the seat of your wet jeans. After that you will be stripped naked, your piss soaked underwear will be placed on your face and you will be given another 15 swats on your bare ass. After your spanking you will stand naked for 2 hours in the middle of the living room with the wet panties on your face. To help you understand the seriousness of your misbehavior today, your friends will stay to watch your entire punishment."

Erica nodded her head then slowly leaned forward until her hands were grasping her ankles.

Whap...whap...whap...whap...

Katie gasped as Erica was spanked. Martha and Amy both sat with their jaws in their laps. They had all either been at Erica's paddling at the PTA BBQ but seeing the spanking this close was different. From a few feet away they could see Erica wince with each slap of the belt.

Whap...whap...whap...whap...whap...whap...whap...whap...whap...whap... whap!

Even though they have been told what was coming next, none of the women we're prepared for it.

Erica's pants were pealed down, then her shirt and bra were removed by Julie. As Erica stood in front of them, wearing nothing but yellow stained panties, her friends began to giggle. The giggles continued as Julie rolled the wet underwear down Erica's thighs, exposing her completely shaved lower region.

What brought the giggling to halt was Julie placing the yellowed gusset of the white panties over Erica's face. Erica's friends realized this was no playful spanking among sisters!

Smack...Smack...Smack...

"Ahh...oww...Please stop!" Without the meager protection of her jeans Erica was feeling the full brunt of the belt her sister was wielding.

Smack...Smack...Smack...Smack...

The witnesses all saw it at the same time, it was Amy who was the first to say anything. "Oh my god, she's pissing!"

Erica had no clue she'd lost bladder control until she heard her friend's utterance. The tears in her eyes made it difficult to see the urine running down her leg, but Erica could feel the hot liquid trickling down her thighs.

Smack...Smack...Smack...Smack... Smack...Smack...Smack...Smack!

Erica stood up when Julie finished the belting. She began to cry from the pain...until she inhaled sharply; the smell from her panties caused Erica's whimper to become a fit of gagging!

"Oh my" exclaimed Martha. "That's nasty!" She looked at Julie, "Are you really going to leave her like that for two hours?"

"Of course" replied Julie. "She knew the consequences of failing to control herself, yet she peed in her pants anyway. There is no excuse for an adult who wets herself."

"What happens if she wets her pants again?"

"The punishment will be increased" answered Julie. "Her next accident will be her fifth. The spanking will be increased and the humiliation will need to be increased as well. If she goes in her pants one more time the witnesses to her punishment will be men (of course you ladies will be invited as well)."

Grace's mind swirled as the ladies chatted. She knew her next accident would be her fourth; would her mom employ the same punishment as Aunt Julie? The thought of being spanked on her bare butt in front of her friends was a terrifying thought. Grace vowed to herself to keep her pants dry.

