With Tatiana in Croatia- Part 4

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-05 01:21

With Tatiana in Croatia

Chapter 4 Tatiana teaches Monica a lesson.

I was looking at my drawing when Tatiana came to sit next to me. Will that be the new clubhouse Rob. Yes this is a sketch as I want it to be for now but it will no doubt change with time. I see you also signed a restaurant, will it be Monica's? I see you like her. Yes, I think she is indeed a sweet girl, but too ambitious, Tatiana replied. One day she will get into trouble because of this.

I haven't noticed that yet, but there's a chance she's getting overconfident. Still, I want to give her a chance. I've thought it over and I want Monica to own that restaurant. Today I tell her, she expects her brother to finish the renovation tomorrow and they want to know if there is anything that needs to be done.

We arrived at the building and we immediately saw how beautiful the parking lot and the garden has become. Beautiful, this has become so neat, the men's toilets outside were neatly set up. We walked in and I was pleasantly surprised, unbelievable what a precision this is decorated. What a beautiful decoration. Monica came running, she walked as if her bladder was full. What do you think of Rob, she asked me. I am amazed at how neat it has become, really beautiful and how hard work has been done. I watched her grow, she was as proud as a peacock. I still need some money Rob, she spoke businesslike. I have received a discount on many items, but I am still short of 5000 euros. I'll make sure it's in the account tomorrow Monica, do you have some time for me. Tatiana, who knew what I was going to tell, asked if Janko, Monica's brother, would join us. What's going on Monica asked me? Did I do something wrong, she asked nervously.

Monica I said, I'm very proud of what I see here. You had to put in more than 100% effort to achieve this. Janko, thank you and your men for all your efforts and I hereby invite you to the party. The men thought it was fantastic and became happier. I've decided that a restaurant is really in order here. And with Monica as owner and hostess, it can only be a success. Happy as a child she flew around my neck. Thank you Rob, oh I'm so happy. Let's have a drink and then we'll walk around the building to see what's left to do.

After a few drinks, Monica and I walked around the building. I indicated some small changes and we walked in to the ladies toilets. It was nicely decorated and I saw that there are 3 toilets available. I saw Monica crossing her legs again and rubbing her bladder. I could feel her stance giving me a hard cock and she knew it. The toilets don't work, because I think you need to pee. The toilets are working fine Rob. But there are few toilets here and I don't think it's appropriate to use them as a hostess. That's why I train my bladder and empty my bladder just before the party starts, she came close to me and I felt her full bladder. She was clearly excited to win me over to her.

Well then you have to increase your small bladder and your willpower, Monica!! It was Tatiana who had gone into space without our hearing. Excuse me, said Monica, I bet my bladder and willpower are greater than yours. That was exactly what Tatiana wanted to hear and said, what do you want to bet on Monica? Monica felt worked up, the loser will have sex with a full bladder with Rob. No, Tatiana said, I'm a lesbian so I don't fuck with men. But I do want to blow him and he can lick my pussy when my bladder is full. Fine Monica said, we're having a pee holding game and Rob can make up the games.

I stood by and was 95% convinced that Monica was overestimating herself or underestimating Tatiana. In any case, she was impulsive and very emotional and that is dangerous in the business world. Tatiana's feeling was right again. Okay girls, I'll come up with some games for you to play while you fill your bladder. What time do we start? Can we meet at my house at 3 p.m., then I'll be ready for the game, Monica asked. Fine then Tatiana and I will be at your house at 3 pm.

It was 3 pm and we rang the doorbell of Monica. She opened it and I saw that she had already set several glasses of water on the table. Shall we start right away she asked, what have you come up with for us Rob. In front of me were 2 beautiful girls who wanted to fill their bladder for me. I will have sex with the loser. How beautiful life is, I thought.

I see you have already put glasses of water on the table. I suggest you start drinking 3 glasses as soon as possible. They each took 3 glasses of water and set them down in front of them. The game is on, start drinking, I said. Monica was the first to empty the 3 glasses and said to Tatiana, actually this is not a game for little girls. Tatiana barely responded and asked what we were going to do next.

I took 2 small chains from my bag and put them tightly around the waist of the girls. So now you can't pull your pants down to pee. I gave each of them a half liter bottle of water and told them we were going to take the bus through Split. We walked to the bus stop and the girls started drinking. The bus arrived and we got in. We drove for about half an hour when Monica asked for a new bottle of water. I gave it to her and she drank it in one go.

I gave each a new bottle. We get off at the next bus stop and then you can shop at my expense, I said. They drank quietly as we walked through the shopping street. Tatiana walked into a souvenir shop and bought a pair of beautiful earrings. The weather was beautiful and there were many people on the street. It's not nice to pee your pants now, I told the girls. That won't happen to me, Monica said. Do you have another bottle of water for me, Monica asked with a defiant look at Tatiana. I gave her a new bottle and noticed that Monica was constantly challenging Tatiana. Tatiana felt it, but she didn't feel like reacting to it. She assumed her own strength. When we came to a jeweler, Monica saw a beautiful necklace. I would like to have it around my neck on Saturday, is that allowed Rob or is that too expensive. No, I said, you can buy it, but then you have to drink a few sips of water.

She picked up the bottle of water and began to drink from it. When Monica had finished drinking, she asked Tatiana if she could keep it up. Yes, it will work, Tatiana replied calmly.

We are now about 2 hours on the road and I suggest we head home. By now Monica felt her bladder filling. Not bad yet, but it could go quickly now because she had already drunk a lot. Rob I'm having a great time can't we stay a little longer, Monica asked. I have another fun game to play at home. It would be a shame if we can't play that anymore because you've already had a lot to drink. I don't feel anything yet, Monica lied to impress me.

We were waiting for the bus for 20 minutes and now it was Tatiana who asked for a bottle of water. She offered Monica one too, but she said she wasn't thirsty. As a hostess, you can't refuse drinks from guests Monica, Tatiana said. That was a smart comment I thought but said nothing. You're right Monica thought, her bladder was starting to get very full. Give me a bottle of water too, Rob. To compensate for the matter, Monica emptied the bottle in one go.

You're going to lose this Monica because Tatiana is in control, I thought to myself. The bus stopped and we got off. We walked into the living room and I asked the girls to put on their bikinis. I untied the chains and the girls undressed to put on their bikinis. Two fantastically beautiful female bodies stood in front of me and I had a direct view of their bladders. Monica's bladder was already nicely set up, but Tatiana's was not yet. It couldn't be otherwise, because we've only been on it for three hours and Tatiana can hold her pee for 6 hours until her bladder seems to burst and even then she could hold it for another hour. Monica saw it too and became quieter.

I have the wheel of “The full bladder” here, I said. Each field has an assignment. It must turn at least 2 times and you must complete the assignment that the arrow ends on. Anyone who does not spin the wheel twice or does not carry out the assignment correctly must drink a glass of water as a punishment. Who wants to start, I asked. I'll start, Tatiana said and turned the wheel firmly. 12 sit-ups. She lay down on the floor and carried out the assignment with ease. Now it was Monica's turn and she gave the wheel a tug. She also had to perform 12 sit ups. She lay down on the floor and started. Tightening her abs put a lot of pressure on her highly visible full bladder. On the 10th time she felt a rush in her bladder but she continued. Do you have to pee Monica, Tatiana asked. Ehh yes, my bladder is really starting to fill up and her face was turning. Do you have to pee too, yes I have to pee too, Tatiana said calmly.

Tatiana turned the wheel firmly. Drink a glass of water was her order. Tatiana picked up a glass and emptied it. Now it was Monica's turn, she turned the wheel and she was allowed to do 12 push ups. She couldn't get more than 8 times and then her arm muscles gave up. She knew she had to drink a glass now and she did. Her bladder started to fill up and she squeezed her pussy. I saw the bulge below her navel and knew she had to exert a lot of force to hold it up.

Now it was Tatiana's turn, listen to running water for 12 seconds. She went to the kitchen and turned on the tap. She crossed her legs in a reflex. Yet you also have to pee Tatiana, Monica said. I told you so, I also feel my bladder but I have it under control, Tatiana replied calmly. Monica was getting more and more difficult, she thought that Tatiana is mentally strong. She jerked the wheel. Rob may rub your bladder for 12 seconds. Oh no, Monica thought, but kept her body under control. She lay down on the couch and I saw that her bladder was quite full. I started rubbing gently and felt her hard bladder. 12 seconds passed and Monica got up with difficulty. Now it was Tatiana's turn, sit in a split and pee a little in a cup.

She looked at me but said nothing. She grabbed 2 chairs, took a cup and sat down on the chairs with great agility in splits. She put her bikini aside and peed a little in the cup.

Monica stared in admiration at the flexible Tatiana. You are very nimble Tatiana, said appreciatively. Thank you Tatiana said, finally Monica is starting to speak with respect, she thought.

Now it was Monica's turn, stand wide-legged and stretch completely and hold your breath for 2 minutes. 2 minutes is a long time Rob, Monica said and started taking a few deep breaths. She spread her legs and had to work her pelvic muscles with all her might. She stretched and held her breath. After about 90 seconds, her chest began to swell and color her face. Oh, I need to pee I can hardly hold it anymore. The pressure in her lungs grew and she gripped her pussy with her hands. She saw another 10 seconds on the clock. Her eyes were wide open and her body contracted. Air air, I must breathe, Monica thought. Finally the 2 minutes were up. You did a good job, I said. Monica was still panting from this enormous effort.

...have to be an honest loser and let Rob fuck me or do I have another round? Monica thought, but Tatiana is so strong I'll never win. She now saw how stupid she had been, but she wanted that restaurant so badly and tried to win Rob over. Rob had trusted her and she wanted more. That's why she seduced Rob with her full bladder. She was very ashamed, Tatiana had shown her that she was not doing well with her behavior. She had also underestimated Tatiana and that was not smart.

She looked at Tatiana sweetly and respectfully but said nothing. That wasn't necessary because Tatiana had already figured it out for a long time. I saw the whole scene play out and thought, it's exactly her father. Calm and strong even when under pressure.

Tatiana turned the wheel, do 12 sit ups. We were now 5 hours later and Tatiana's bladder was also quite full. She had it under control but the ball took off over her bikini bottom as she lay down on the floor. 1,2,3 ouch 4,5,6 ouch 11,12. To tease her a little, I gently rub my foot over her bladder. Motherfucker, she said with a smile. I think your bladder is very full, Monica said. Yes, it is quite full and I really need to go to the toilet. But I can keep this up for a while. I'm sure of that, Monica said, turning the wheel. Slowly pour a glass of water and drink it empty. Tatiana will you pour it for me because I need two hands to squeeze my pussy. Tatiana slowly filled the glass as she looked at Monica. She handed the glass and Monica drank it quietly. I can't anymore, I'm sorry Monica said. My bladder is bursting. Rob will you come with me and you can fuck me but please be careful with my bladder.

I didn't let myself be told that a second time. I knew I didn't have much time and immediately put my cock in her pussy. He grew a lot and I felt how much Monica was squeezing. I was standing behind her and she was on her knees and hands on the bed. I pressed her bladder a little and felt her squeeze harder. Ehh, don't push my bladder so hard Rob, it's not easy to squeeze my bladder with your cock in my pussy. Who said you have to have it easy Monica, I said and kept pressing. She wobbled her hips a lot and “little Rob” enjoyed it. Stop pressing Rob, it hurts. I left her bladder alone and squeezed her breasts hard. Aww ow, Rob please stop squeezing my boobs. I got a little angry about her many complains and put my hand over her mouth and pinched her nose. So now you are quiet, I said, and continued. I felt her chest swell but she didn't dare to resist. I kept on fucking and squeezing her tits. Her movements became weaker due to lack of oxygen.

I came and took my hand away so she could breathe. I almost choked, she tried to say. She was panting enormously. I wanted to continue but Monica jerked free. Sorry Rob another time I can't hold it anymore. She jumped up and saw Tatiana standing there, congratulations girl but now I really have to go pee. Tatiana stood in the doorway with one hand in her pussy and in her other hand a glass of water. Her bladder was also full and she was very horny. In the background we heard Monica emptying her bladder and when she was done she came back.

Tatiana put down her glass and came over to me. She sat down with her pussy near my face and put my cock in her mouth. Within a short time she came but continued to suck. I bit her ass for fun and came right in her mouth. She came up and looked at me. Her whole mouth and face were covered. Monica and I laughed so hard that everything hurt. Not bad for a lesbian, I said. You go take a shower, Monica said and I'll make coffee. Ten minutes later we drank our coffee.

What a strong woman you are Tatiana, you showed me things I didn't know I had.

How do you do that? I live my emotions and my feelings, but if necessary, I mirror them to my mind. That way I am who I want to be and that gives me peace of mind. You are a beautiful ambitious woman with a lot of emotions Monica You will go far if you stay honest and don't act too ambitious. Thank you Tatiana, said Monica, I've learned my lesson. Can you train me again this week to hold up my pee for the party? That won't work, Tatiana said, but I can help you as a waitress and hostess. Then you are not the only woman who is not allowed to go to the toilet and her bladder is very full. That will help me a lot, just because the party is for your parents, thank you Tatiana, Monica said.

...the way I asked Tatiana, do you think Monica is dishonest? Rob, I've asked you not to confuse Monica with your decision about her restaurant. But when I heard in the toilet room how she was turning on you with her full bladder, I didn't think that was fair. If a woman heats the sausage, she must eat it, otherwise accidents will happen. The man always gets the blame and I won't let that happen to you, I like you too much for that.

And so Tatiana had taught Monica a lesson in her own way. From me she can do that more often with this commitment.

