The bookstore saleswoman

Author: fetisher

*000*2022-03-16 14:50

It was happened in my early college years. I had to prepare materials for a university project and had to use a copy machine. There was one in a nearby bookstore, which is owned by a friend's mother. We were neighbors in the same apartment building. I have known her for many years and I knew that she could help me. Rose was a nice looking woman in her early 40s. I liked her since I was a child. She often attracted my attention with her beautiful appearance and stylish clothing. It was the end of her workday.

When I entered the bookstore, she was arranging new goods on the shelves. Rose greeted me with a big smile and invited me to sit in a chair behind the counter. She had received new goods and asked me to wait a few minutes for her to finish. I wasn’t in a hurry, so I told her to take her job easy. I sat down on the chair and began to look at her back as she arranged the shelvs. She was wearing a black knee-length skirt, high-heeled boots and body colored tights. We were chatting as she working and I enjoyed how her cute butt bounced up and down in her tight fitted skirt. Even more attractive were the moments when she squatted to get something from the boxes. The skirt lifted up exposing half of her thighs. She could hardly imagine how much arousing she looked in that squatting position, especially when she slightly spread her legs.

After a while, Rose finished her job and sat next to me. She complained that she had been unpacking goods all afternoon and didn't have time to rest for a minute. Sitting in the chair facing me her bare knees stuck into my eyes. She relaxed for some time and we talked about different things. Meanwhile she crossed her legs several times. It was very difficult for me not to stare at her legs, especially when she crossing them. At one moment, a customer entered the bookstore and asked for something. Rose just turned to him without getting up. She uncrossed her legs and involuntarily spread them a little wide.

A unique sight exposed in front of my eyes. In this magical triangular hole between the taut skirt and thighs, the white lace panties were clearly visible under the tights. I had the opportunity to enjoy the view, while she talked to the client and she certainly couldn't realize where I was staring. I also noticed that she was sitting in the chair, slightly tense and restless. Shortly after the client left, she suddenly got up and asked what we were going to copy. She didn’t expect that I prepared more than 50 pages from several different books.

She looked at me apologetically and said it would probably take her a long time to do everything. She asked me if we could start now, but finish the next day. Of course, there was no problem for me and I didn't want to make her stay after work. She began copying the first materials and complained that she she hadn't been out of the bookstore since noon. Then she turned to me and whispered "I haven't even been to the toilet". I shuddered when I heard that! That's why she constantly crossed her legs on the chair and now she was still restless. We have known each other for a long time and she obviously considered me like a close friend, so she did not hesitate to share this intimate detail with me. I immediately tried to comfort her and suggested her to left the job for the next day.

She said she's fine so far and we can do half of the job. Although, it was obvious that she was in а discomfort. She just tried not to show it. I was aware, that there was no a toilet in that small shop, and she had either to use in a nearby cafe or wait to home. Fortunately we lived in just a 5-minute walk away. I watched her even more closely, trying not to show interest. She seemed a little uneasy as she worked on the copy machine. She was hurried and a little clumsy. I knew the reason and got very excited! At the same time, I didn't want to make her suffer. So, when she finished the second book and I saw how she began to bend her leg slightly, I said her to continue tomorrow. She agreed immediately, telling me directly „Yes, please, I really have to pee!”. That sounded very arousing!

Since we were neighbors, we went home together. She asked me to help her with two rather heavy bags. Besides, I could see my friend at their home. The situation was perfect for me, but unfortunately not for her. Rose was walking quite fast, her heels rattling briskly on the sidewalk. I did not miss every convenient moment to look at her legs and I thought about her desperation. We had to cross the street and we stopped to wait. Rose couldn't stand still for a second. She began to step from foot to foot and push me to cross. After we crossed we continued at a faster pace. We were not far away from her home. She complained again “Oh, I really have to pee!”. I was burning with curiosity about what would happen and asked her if she could make it. Her answer was very uncertain "I don't know… I hope so." She apologized for making me hurry and admitted she barely hold it. As we approached, she began rummaging in her bag for the keys. She didn't want to waste any second.

When we entered the building she quickly ran up the stairs to the elevator. Unfortunately, it was not there and we had to wait a while. Rose was wriggling on the spot, looked nervous and made displeasure grimaces. I tried to comfort her, saying it was just a little left. She murmured that she could barely hold it and didn't know if she would make it. I was very impressed by these words! I've never seen a woman on her age to be so desperate to pee. In the elevator, Rose began to wriggle even more. She was openly pee dancing in front of me and even pressed her hand on the front of the skirt. She looked really worried and moaned “I’m going to pee myself”. I stood next to her and couldn’t said anything. She looked like she could really start peeing herself. I watched her movements discreetly, watching to see if it would start dripping beneath her. As we reached the floor, Rose rushed to unlock the apartment. Her hand was tucked between her legs through her skirt.

The moment she opened the door, she dropped her bag on the floor and rushed to the bathroom. With one hand she pulled up her skirt and exposed her entire thighs and butt. I saw her white thongs and she was about to pull her tights down before hiding in the bathroom. She failed to close the door. The next moment a powerful hissing sound came from inside. I was staying frozen two meters away from the open door and didn’t know how to react. I could barely restrain myself from taking two steps forward to look. My upbringing did not allow it! Rose sighed with great relief and told me that I could go to the living room.

Apparently she didn't care much that I could see her as I passed by the wide open door. I walked in, trying not to look away, but when I past by her, I couldn't contain my curiosity and looked at her. I tried to pass as slowly as possible and stared at her all the time. It was a very sweet and exciting sight. Rose had taken off her panties and tights to mid-thigh and skirt was rolled up at the waist. She was sitting with her bare butt on the toilet and peed with undiminished force. The top of her intimate triangle showed slightly. She sensed my curious gaze and smiled playfully. I couldn’t stay longer, so I closed her door and went in the living-room.

I was totally confused and amazed from what I saw. I couldn't gather my thoughts. At the same time, I felt awkward because I was staring at her so openly. Two minutes later, she came to me, seemed calm and relieved. She was wearing the same skirt and tights, only she had taken off her boots. She sighed with great relief and grinned.

„Are you OK? You look so happy!“ – I asked her, still looking at her curiously.

“I feel so much better now. А great relief!”

“How long had you not been to the bathroom?“ – I asked, although I already knew, but I wanted to prolong the conversation.

“It was before 2 o'clock in the afternoon when was the last one. More than 5 hours! This is too long for me. I usually go on every two or three hours. After that the situation gets difficult!”

I was extremely aroused and I couldn’t control my erection. This did not go unnoticed by her and she looked at my groin and grinned at me.

“And what about you?” – she grinned at me looking at my bulging jeans.

I realized what she meant and did not expect such a question from her.

„Is it because of my peeing?“ – she continued to ask me playfully.

At first I felt embarrassed. But when she unexpectedly touched my groin with her hand, I realized that it was good for her.

“Don't worry! Тhis is quite normal for any boy.” – she quickly comforted me.

We sat on the sofa and we started having a very frank conversation. It turned out that my friend would be a little late, so we were alone for the next half hour. We talked about girlfriends and sexual experience. It was very exciting to talk openly about that kind of things with a mature sexy lady.

As we sat on the sofa slightly facing each other, I lightly touched her knee with my hand. Her fine tights made me even more aroused. I really wanted to turn the topic of her peeing and I asked if she could really pee herself a while ago.

„Yes, I really could!“ - she replied emphatically. „I was seriously worried. Especially in the elevator, I thought I’d do it in panties.“ – she smiled with embarrassed and asked me not to tell anyone about that.

Then, I gained courage and confessed about my strange fetish about female peeing. She looked at me wide-eyed.

„What exactly do you like… to watch me pee?”

„Yes! Does it sound strange to you?“

„That's not so strange“ - she replied calmly. Then she told me that when she was younger she had a boyfriend who had a similar fetish. He was extremely aroused as he had watched her pee. I had been the second person who openly shows such interest in her.

Meanwhile, my hand caressed her knee and slowly moved it up her thigh. I timidly put my hand under her skirt. With each movement I went deeper and deeper expected to stop me at any moment. We were talking, as if she didn’t notice that I was fumbling under her skirt.

Suddenly she took my hand and exclaimed: “Oh, I'm getting all wet! I got aroused by your hand!”

It only gave me the courage to act more confidently. However, she stopped my hand and kindly told me that we didn't have time for anything more. She admitted to me that she felt great, but at the same time she had felt very uncomfortable doing things like that with me. She asked me to keep absolute discretion. I kept my hand under her skirt while she talked to me. Then, with a slight giggle, she told me that she had to go to the toilet again. The moment she got up, I reached even deeper under her skirt and touched the panties, feeling her vagina. Her white lace tongs and tights were very wet! I fingered her crotch and starred at her underwear and feminine thighs. My thoughts were still focused on her recent desperation pee.

“I can imagine how wet your tights would be now if you hadn't made it in time.” - I spontaneously decided to share my fantasies.

„Knowing what a huge amount I peed, I would probably be completely soaked. And what a huge puddle I would make… now I also had to clean the floor“ - she laughed and caressed my hair.

I held her thigh and kept slightly fingering. She tried to get away, but I wouldn't let her. And I continued with my curiosity.

„Sorry for the question, but have you ever had a pee accident?”

„Why do you ask me about such things?“ – she asked me in reply.

“Because it terribly turns me on”

“No, I haven’t“

„Never?“

„If you mean I've gotten completely wet, I haven’t… But yes, it happened to me to leak a bit before I took off my panties, when I was awfully needed to pee.”

It was more than clear that she had accidents, but she didn't feel comfortable talking about it. After that, she asked me again to let her go to the toilet.

„Let me go to the bathroom now. Such talking make me pee again … ”

I decided not bother her anymore and let her go. She pulled her skirt down and went out into the hallway. When she came back, she said her son would be home soon. She asked me again to keep all this strictly between us. I decided not to wait for my friend. I didn't want to arouse any suspicions and left.

(to be continued…)

*001*2022-07-08 09:21

All night I couldn't stop thinking about Rose. The picture of her sitting on the toilet and peeing kept coming to my eyes. It was a big sensation for me. The next day we heard each other on the phone. She had copied the materials and told me I could go to get them. Around 11am I was in the bookstore. There were clients and I had to wait. While she was serving them, I watched her by side and enjoyed her appearance. She looked very sexy that day. She was wearing a short, tight skirt, which came over her mid-thigh. It was impressed me a lot. The skirt clung tightly to her hips. There was a small slit in the back that elegantly opened and revealed a few more inches from her thighs.

After the customers left, we sat next to each other and talked. The skirt rose even higher in a sitting position, exposing more of her thighs. She did not try to hide from me the view under her skirt. The white triangle of her panties was clearly visible. The light-colored tights made her looking even sexier. I liked her, but I felt pretty awkward that she was 20 years older than me. She asked me again to be as discreet as possible! The conversation was very pleasant and friendly. I couldn't hide my admiration for her appearance and gave her a few compliments, which she accepted with great joy.

At that time she looked at my bulging jeans and asked me playfully how I’m feeling. I admitted again how beautiful she is and how exciting she was in last night's desperate situation. I was trying to turn the conversation to the topic of peeing. I used the moment when she crossed her legs and rearranged herself a bit on the chair to ask her if she had to pee. She said no, she had peed a while ago in a café. But that question provoked her to ask me if a peeing woman really excites me so much? I answered clearly that it was so. I shared her how excited she was the last night when she was close to an accident. She complained that lack of toilet facilities at her shop often causes her to hurry home after work. It was clear for me that last night situation was not the only one. I was very interested to know more and started asking:

„Have you ever been at work very desperate to pee and nowhere to go?”

„I have been, yes… many times”

“What do you do in such situations?”

“I’m just holding myself. Usually I use the toilet in a nearby cafe. If it happens to be closed, I’m running home.“

„It's good that you don't live far away…“

„Oh yes, it's really good…”

“Have you ever had so desperate, that you didn’t make it on time?“

„So far, I’ve always make it on time.“ – she answered me with laughing.

After a short pause, she continued:

“I will share something to you, but do not tell anyone. Sometimes when I really have to pee and I don't have time to go out, I go into the warehouse and pee in a bottle. I use one with a wide hole. Then I pour it into the sink.“

„That sounds very interesting. I want to see you sometime.“

She grinned and said that most of sellers in small shops do it like that, but no one admits. I was really excited to hear that. I never imagine a mature intelligent woman to do such naughty things. I continued to asking:

„Have you ever been so desperate that was forced to pee outside?”

„Yes, I had.“ – she answered after a short pause. She smiled at me embarrassed. I realized that had a story, but she was not sure whether to tell me.

„Where did you pee? Somewhere around?“ - I was waiting to hear some story.

„It wasn't around, of course. I wouldn't risk to do that in a such familiar and busy place.“ - she answered me. Then she thought a little and said: “I had a very awkward situation last year.“

„What was happened? Can you tell me, please” – I asked her with great curiosity.

She gave me a big smile, before continue.

„I was downtown and returning home by bus. After a long walk I had to pee! I felt it was going urgent. I was wondering where I could use the toilet, but there wasn’t around. At the bus stop I felt quite uncomfortable. I couldn't stay in one place. I paced around the windows of a nearby store, pretending to look at the goods and began to worry how I would get home. ”

At that moment, I interrupted her to ask her how she was dressed. She told me, that she was in knee length skirt, light pantyhose, a short jacket. The story sounded very interesting to me and I couldn't wait to hear the outcome.

„On the bus, I deliberately sat in the back, where there was empty of people. I squeezed my legs tightly and tried to press myself into the crotch while no one was looking at me. With each passing minute, the need got more and more urgent. At one point I realized, that I couldn’t hold much longer. At the next stop, I got off the bus. I have to say that the moment I was getting off the bus, I felt the first jet of pee shot in my panties. I managed to stop the flow by pressing my crotch for a moment.

Then I quickly looked around for a place to hide. I was feeling that I was close to an accident. I turned into a small alley toward a small garden, almost running. Fortunately, there were no people around and I quickly slipped into a small bush. I lift the skirt in a moment and feeling that I’m losing control. I quickly took off my panties and tights, squatted down and released a hard stream of pee. As I was peeing I saw a young man walking towards me, in my direction. I couldn't stop peeing at all. He was staring at me and even smiling as he approached. I also smiled at him and told “Sorry, I really had to pee…”. I tried to cover my intimate parts, but he probably saw everything.”

“He must have really liked it. I wish I were in his place.“

“Yes, it was probably very arousing in yours point of view, but for me the situation was very embarrassed”.

“How did you go home afterwards?“

„I went back to the stop and caught the next bus. My panties and pantyhose were wet. Good thing I was wearing a skirt and nothing could be seen. I didn't sit anywhere and even tried not to be close to people. I could smell my own urine.“

„It sounds pretty damn exciting. You have nothing to worry about!“ - I encouraged her.

„I can see how bulging your jeans are now, just telling you this. I can't imagine how excited you would have been if you had seen me.“

„I imagine what would have happened if she hadn't gone to that bush.“

„I would totally pee myself! My tights would be soaked all the way down.“

My hand was already on her thigh and smoothly went under her skirt. Unfortunately, customers soon appeared and we had to end this interesting conversation. But we certainly had other meetings ahead of us.

*003*2022-07-28 12:45

I was extremely impressed by her story! For a long time after that, I couldn't get that out of my mind. I was trying to picture every detail of the situation. My desire to see her peeing was getting stronger and stronger. The following months we met and began a discreet intimate relationship.

One evening we had arranged to meet after work at her place. I went just when she had returned home. She was in a knee length navi blue pencil skirt with light color pantyhose. On top, she was wearing a white blouse that highlighted her cleavage and breasts. She looked so cute! We entered the living room and sat down on the sofa next to each other. Rose couldn't wait to show me something interesting on her phone. While I was looking at her phone, my attention drifted to her bare knees. I casually put my hand on them and felt how arousing it worked for me! While we were talking, Rose crossed her legs and leaned forward slightly.

I continued to caress her knee and thigh, slipping my hand lightly under the tight skirt. She adjusted herself on the sofa several times and finally stood up. She again wanted to show me something from her phone while standing straight. At that moment I noticed that she make subtle movements of her legs. It was clear for me that she was needed to pee, but she didn't say anything about it. I could hardly concentrate on what she was showing me and looked more at her.

All of a sudden she bent her leg up at the knee quite high and grimaced slightly. "You really have to pee!" – I said her and I ran my hand over her rounded butt. “Yes, I have to go now...” – she replied and smiled. She quickly finished what she had to show me as she shifted distinctly from foot to foot. Then she put her phone away and went out from the room. I decided to follow her. I stopped her just before she entered the bathroom and asked her: „Could I come with you in the bathroom? I really want to watch you peeing!” She stopped for a second and playfully smiled at me. “I don't know if I will be able to relax directly in front of you“ – she said it with a slight sense of shame. „Seeing how much you have to pee, you won't be hard to relax! It’s really turning me on, please!”. Rose looked at me with understanding and seemed to agree.

She walked over to the toilet and started and lifted her skirt a little and stopped. „How will you look at me when I'm sitting?” - she asked me reasonably? „You can squat on the floor“ – I suggested, not expecting her to agree. At this point she had already pulled her skirt up. She was wearing her usual white lace panties under her pantyhose. She was already bending her legs and obviously couldn't wait to pee. I told her to put her shoes on so she wouldn't get her feet wet. I handed over a pair of high heels and she hurriedly put them on. She was looking as she was about to burst and was already pressing her crotch. She stepped over the drain hole and quickly pulled down her tights and panties as she squatted down. There wasn't even a second and the powerful jet rushed on the tiles and began to spread all over the bathroom floor.

I crouched right in front of her spread legs and began to contemplate her pissing vagina. The sight was amazing! The stream was straight and strong. I put my hand under her and started stroking her while she was still peeing. She really liked that. The whole peeing lasted about half a minute. She was left standing in the middle of the puddle she had created. Her shoes and feet were splattered all over with her urine. I took a napkin and tried to wipe her. My fingers entered her horny and wet vagina. „Do you like it? Is that what you wanted to see?“ – she asked me with a great excitement. “Yes, thank you so much!!! You are amazing!“. „I'm glad I was able to fulfill your wish“ – she replied me. “Next time I want you to see you peeing without taking off your underwear and pantyhose.”...

