Meifwa Sisters Through Deprecation And All

Author: Fluffy Wheeker

*000*2018-03-25 04:59

Meifwa Sisters Through Deprecation And All

This is my very first omorashi story, I hope you enjoy it! :3

I rushed down the road, my skates accelerating my speed at an alarming rate. It was hard to see, the wind blew in my face, making my eyes water. I was unpleasantly surprised to see Helena standing before me, blocking my path. Why are siblings so annoying? I ignored her attempt to stop me from entering our humble abode, searching through my purse for my keys as I bounced around in my school uniform. My bladder twinged as I leaned over, groaning, before I heard Helena giggling, and the sound of a metal chiming. I looked up briefly to see her dangling the keys in front of my face while I desperately bent over again. Helena called one of her neighbors and friends from school, yelling while laughing.

"Julie! C'mon! I've got my sister!"'

"Fine...but I really need to pee!" Helena's friend replied softly, trudging over with her tail jammed in her crotch. I couldn't bear to watch, as I jammed my long tail into my crotch as well, I watched as a devilish grin crossed Helena's face, before I felt something hit me. I opened my eyes to see that I was tied upside down, and Julie was whimpering in front of me, it looked like the little girl was definitely about to burst. As I looked over at Helena, the urge to pee struck me again, much harder. But I jammed my hands into my crotch as well, feeling resilient. I was not about to wet myself in front of my little sister and her friend.

"Look at that. I suppose those martial arts classes from elementary school weren't useless after all!" Helena chuckled, seemingly unaware of her bursting friend. I wondered how mom and dad would've punished Helena if they didn't die in a car crash. Helena laughed more, whispering something to Julie, who was slowly shuffling towards me, pulling her light pink panties down.

"So, big sis. It seems that you're pretty resilient to let all that pee go, and just release yourself into happiness. Here I have Julie, who will help encourage you, by peeing in front of you. You'll have a pretty good view, good luck surviving this!" Helena exclaimed, bringing a look of horror over my face. Julie lifted up her blue skirt and took off her socks and shoes as she breathed a sigh of relief. Pee arched forward boldly, golden liquid streaming all over the lawn, as I squirmed helplessly. I really couldn't take any more of this.

"Augh! Helena! I'm going to pee all over my school uniform! Please, either untie my arms and legs, don't keep me upside down like this, or take off my clothes so I don't ruin them!" I pleaded, Julie's stream weakening and closing, as she started to put her skirt and underwear back on, as she looked over at Helena.

"Of course not! The point of this is for you to wet yourself! Julie's my friend, it would be mean to make her wet her clothes. You'll be helpless, like a little baby!" Helena answered, laughing loudly. A spurt of pee escaped, as I squeaked, the drop of pee crossed my belly button, flying down my chin, landing in the already Julie-pee soaked grass. I leaned forward a bit, to look at my extremely visible lime green panties, which were no longer covered by my plaid skirt, and had a small wet spot in the place where my legs were clamped together, wriggling.

As my position returned, the barrier broke completely, a firm stream of pee rushing down my chest and back, flowing down my face along with tears. I let all of it go, as I covered myself in my own pee. The pressure of my bladder releasing felt like a heavily shaken up soda can exploding in my panties, pressing against the walls of my thighs. I felt myself being untied as I continued to pee all over myself, I was less than halfway done with my heavy stream. Just then, I got an idea. Helena was having difficulty untying the knots which kept my arms and legs in place, particularly my legs. My arms were now free, so I forcefully turned my waist around, grabbing my crotch and directing it in the direction of Helena as she screamed, tumbling backwards.

"AAAAAHHHHH! HEY!"

Maybe a little something good did come from this situation. Afterwards, both me and Helena were soaked in my own pee as we watched spotless Julie walk back over to her house, waving her goodbyes.

"Bye, Helena! Bye, Helena's older sister! I'm sorry I tortured you and peed in front of you!"

"Bye, Julie! It's not exactly okay with me, but I suppose something good came out of it!" I said, waving, my sentence tapering at the end.

"Bye..." Helena grumbled. I looked over at her to see her legs crossed with one of her hands between her legs.

"Hey, sis? I'm just going to the bathroom, okay?" Helena explained, holding up the house keys.

"Oh, no. No you won't." I said, snatching the house keys from her, now that my bladder was empty, it was pretty simple. Helena stretched out her other arm, bent over her crotch, reaching for the keys that were now very much out of her reach. I motioned for her to look, as a smirk crossed my face and I pulled out a large diaper. She wasn't winning this yet.

By the end of the night, I was still covered in pee, this time Helena's, and Helena was wetting her bed while asleep, oblivious to what was happening as she soaked her already dripping diaper, her legs spread out. I was excited to tease her in the morning about what had happened. I started to fall asleep in my own bed, before my eyes shot open. I would start a load of laundry with Helena and I's school uniforms. Helena might have been annoying and embarrassing, but she was still my lovable sister nonetheless. :3

*002*2018-03-25 18:17

Thank you :3

