Elevator Wettings

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2026-01-06 09:05

(Caution: Some Graphic Sexual and Horror Content. For mature readers only.)

Alice was trapped in the hotel elevator on her way to the bathroom when the blackout hit. There was one other woman, close to her age and a weird looking guy. They were trapped. The stocky weird guy tried to pull the elevator door open, three times before realizing there is no manual release. It won't budge. The other woman looked like she needed to the bathroom too by the way she's twitching nervously. The guy looks like he's missed an important meeting. He wears the face of a man losing his job.

Dana looked at the woman in the corner who looked at her and then looked away. She could tell the other woman needs to go to the bathroom but is trapped. She's trying not to show her desperation with that nerdy guy in here who could be a rapist or a serial killer.

Oliver kept eyeing the two women in the elevator, but was stressed out that his computer business deal will fall through with this blackout. He's now out of work and nothing matters. As the hours waned on, he sat down in the corner by the elevator door unaware these two beautiful women need the bathroom really bad but are trapped in here with not even their cellphones which is rare.

Alice and Dana were getting more desperate by the hour as the normal lights failed and the small emergency lights kicked on which made everything darker. The two women refused to drop their pants and go with a strange guy in here staring at them. It was a small elevator, so what could he do? In the low lighting, with nothing to do, Alice couldn't hold it in any longer. Waves of desperate pressure racked her desperate bladder as extreme heat took over her pubes and thighs. She had shivers and convulsions as her bladder muscles failed an the piss came racing out down her legs on to the elevator floor very quickly. Oliver couldn't help but stare making it worse for Alice as she was struggling to hold back her hysterical tears.

Dana was quivering and shaking as she struggled to hold on as long as she could. Dana burst with Alice pissing and ruined her miniskirt with waves of piss filling up the elevator floor. Oliver had to stand back up trying to hide his huge erection in front of Alice and Dana who were now both softly crying. Then there was a squishy sound. Dana was pooping her panties. It stunk, and Dana was dropping turds on the ground, her panties couldn't hold that much. More hours pass. Alice was comforting Dana who was hysterical for a while. That made Alice finally lose it and completely voided her bowels, lost control and ballooned her panties out and has crap smearing down her legs. 

Oliver was nervous and turned on, but he didn't know these women and just stood there. The blackout continued on and on. Oliver didn't realized he had a small cum stain on his pants, tired out and sat back down in the tight piss flooded elevator. Dana and Alice tired out across from Oliver, sat down in their bulging panties and passed out.

Oliver thought he was having a really good dream. He woke up, both women had taken their clothes off to soak up their mess and flung on Oliver for comfort, naked and had taken his shorts and T-shirt for a meager blanket. Oliver who has never had a girlfriend his entire life now has two hot sexy ladies sleeping on top of him and when Alice and Dana stirred, both were tugging and sucking Oliver's dick. Oliver grunted as the super-extended 12 hours at least, he pissed in their mouths, down their bellies and navels. 

Alice and Dana got so hot and bothered they mounted Oliver having hot hard steamy elevator sex. Dana and Alice both still had poop stains on their asses, but doing a male virgin made them so hot and horny they didn't care. Dana and Alice really went wild on Oliver, trapped in the elevator as the emergency lights failed and now its pitch black darkness. Both women orgasmed hard down on Oliver's dick thrusting hard in the dark. Triple tongue-twisting and deep throating was included. Moaning and screaming, huffing and puffing long into the unending blackout.

After long lasting primitive sex in the elevator with no sense of time in total darkness, Alice and Dana lied down and wrapped themselves over Oliver for comfort and fell asleep. This time they slept longer and really clung to Oliver for security. Weak with hunger and thirst it became harder not to doze off and the endless blackout went on.

After sleeping for hours, they all had the same dream - being dragged off and chained to a basement dungeon by someone or something that came up from below ground. They saw things they were taught do not exist as they were tied up and carried deeper downward. Pentagrams, candles and a passageway leading down into the black unknown. Strange premonitions of the Inferno, open crypts, mass disasters and ill omen coming for all humanity. The cold rubbery feel of giant corpse worms writhing in the dark just out of sight, getting ready to devour the three of them, tied and trapped on the platforms.

