Deleted Equestria Girls story

Author: falschirmjager

*000*2021-05-19 19:07

I recently remembered this cute Equestria Girls short series, but when I wanted to go back to it, it had been deleted from FIMfiction. Luckily, I saved it from an archive, and so i'll share it here so it won't go to waste

I'm Gonna Pee Myself No Matter What I Do...

By segaface

First published 10th of April, 2014

Equestria-Girls-Verse. When Twilight drinks too much juice at lunch, she's in for an embarrassing episode.

I'm Gonna Pee Myself No Matter What I Do

Twilight Sparkle, Equestria's newest princess, had just a few hours ago been thrown into a strange new place. Everything was so different at Canterlot High: Everyone was divided, no one seemed to want to come together. Feuds were constant, even between the closest of friends. But, the biggest change was to Twilight herself... on the outside, at least. She now found herself struggling to balance on just her hind legs. Her front hooves had been replaced by strange looking appendages, with weird stick looking things protruding from them. Worst of all, she couldn't use her magic.

She was something called a “human”. She had heard of such creatures before, from that odd mint colored unicorn with the lyre cutie-mark, but Twilight never thought that she herself would become one. Not even in her wildest dreams.

But, she couldn't dwell on that too much right now, she had to get her crown back from Sunset Shimmer before it was too late, and to do that, she'd need to become the 'princess' of a dance held at the school, which she assumed would probably be a lot like the Grand Galloping Gala.

The pressure was on.

And shortly after Fluttershy gave Twilight a tour of the 'cafeteria', the pressure was really on. Twilight had enjoyed the juice prepared by the lunch lady, (who looked suspiciously like Applejack's Granny Smith) a little too much. She really couldn't have helped herself, though. It tasted just like the cider at Sweet Apple Acres, aside from being delicious, it made her feel more at home.

But, perhaps in hindsight, drinking three cups of it wasn't such a brilliant idea. She soon felt a twinge in the lower part of her abdomen, a constant distracting throbbing, making her fidgety and irritated. Her stomach cramped with all the liquid as she walked through the hall, and Twilight stumbled back against the wall, shifting her new legs around and rubbing them together.

She eventually found her way to the auditorium, where a human girl who looked and acted just like Pinkie Pie was setting up decorations. Twilight told the pink-haired girl that she wanted to run for princess of the Fall Formal, and was given a form to sign. Even if she had any experience holding a pen with her 'hands' she would have had great difficulty with this task. It was difficult for her to stand still, she was bouncing on her toes as she shakily spelled out her name. Luckily, Pinkie didn't notice her strange movements, probably because she never stood still herself.

After meeting a human Applejack, Twilight exited the auditorium, in desperate need of a way to fix this predicament as soon as possible. If she was in Equestria, this would be easy, ponies usually relieved themselves in outhouses which contained small holes in the ground. But here, in this weird new place, with this weird new body, she didn't have any idea how this task was supposed to be carried out. She silently cursed herself out for not listening more intently to Lyra when she excitedly rattled off facts about humans. She probably would have mentioned it at least once.

She squirmed as she looked around. Earlier, she had walked into a restroom in order to inspect her reflection, some humans had been standing in front of odd pieces of porcelain to relieve themselves. So, was that how she was supposed to do it? On her hind legs? Humans did everything else on their hind legs, so it made sense.

Twilight didn't know which way to go to get back to the restroom, she had gotten so turned around just trying to find the auditorium. But, her body didn't seem to care. As all the juice she'd drunk at lunch made its way through her system and settled into her overburdened bladder she squeezed her legs together like it had helped her before, desperately thankful for the tiny relief it granted her.

Soon, she had examined every room in that hall, and that was only one wing of the school. She turned, her expression visibly distressed and tried to decide on her next course of action. Her bladder was well overfull, the feeling of heaviness was beyond distracting, it had reached a level of painful urgency. She had to relieve herself of the waves of liquid inside of her. She simply HAD to. She was slightly wary of walking. She did, however, as quickly as she could in this incredibly pained state. She tried to think straight, but her mind was too entirely focussed on the discomfort in her abdomen.

Her breath was quick and shallow, as if she had just experienced a terrible fright, as she made her way down the hallway. She made a small, whimpering sound in spite of her great desire to hold onto her pride and squeezed her legs back together. The wave of pressure inside of her seemed to deepen and surge into a more severe state of urgency, and she felt even more close to the point of losing any semblance of control.

She tried to pick up her pace, but her bladder swelled even further and pinched at her mercilessly in anger. She didn't dare move for several seconds. She stood, every part of her new body almost numb from being so tense. Finally the rush of pressure edged off just enough, and she was able to take a few more harried, shaky steps, when suddenly her bladder trembled with an absurd, insistent urgency, and to her horror and absolute humiliation a warm, thin jet of urine escaped into the fabric of her skirt. It was too late. She couldn't help it. She was wetting herself. Twilight Sparkle, Equestria's newest princess, was wetting herself. She could feel a frightening amount of hot wetness trickling down her legs. She tried in vain to regain her control, tearing up slightly, but to no avail.

She was shaking all over. She could now hear a slight splashing and pattering against the hallway floor, as well as a humiliatingly loud, un-ignorable hissing noise. She couldn't stop no matter what she did. Long rivers poured down her legs, the puddle on the ground multiplied in size, pooling all around the area surrounding her purple boots. The stream subsided after nearly a minute and she looked down. Her shoes, socks, legs and skirt were soaked in urine, she rushed off to find somewhere that she could clean herself up.

Unfortunately, she didn't notice Sunset Shimmer's two lackey's Snips and Snails, had been videoing her whole embarrassing ordeal with their cell phones.

Another Chapter

Twilight slept in the library of Canterlot High that night. It was kind of uncomfortable, but she had nowhere else to go. On the bright side, it meant that she could go out and gather more supporters nice and early. And that's what she did.

Except, something was off. Kids were pointing at her and snickering. What was going on?

It didn't take long for her to find out. Pinkie showed her a video on her computer. It showed Twilight in a number of unflattering positions, picking up a book in her mouth as she would in her pony-form, trying (and failing) to use a copy-machine, and finally... Her wet accident from the day before.

This was bad.

###

At lunch, she stewed over her predicament. Maybe the other things in the video weren't so bad... but, the wetting... How could she possibly live that down? And, more importantly, how would she get people to vote for her? Even if she did have support from the human versions of her friends back home, she couldn't help but feel rather pessimistic about the whole thing.

She did have one thing to be happy about, Pinkie Pie (who somehow correctly guessed that Twilight was a pony-princess in another world) had informed her of how to use human-toilets. Twilight, admittedly, felt rather silly for being so confused about it before, but was nevertheless thankful for the information.

Sunset Shimmer sat down across from her. “Twilight,” she cooed sarcastically. “How's my favorite movie-star doing?”

Twilight held firm. She refused to acknowledge her enemy.

“Oh, Twilight, why the long face?” Sunset chortled. “Why, I'd say you look like a horse!”

Twilight scowled.

“Come now, I don't want you to hate me,” Sunset frowned. “What do you say we have a friendly competition?”

Twilight paused. Applejack had talked about this the previous day. She remembered her words clearly.

“... Then comes the back stabbin'.”

It would be a very bad move to trust this girl. “No,” Twilight answered.

“Oh?” Sunset pressed. “Well, I doubt anybody would be willing to vote for someone who's too rude to engage a fellow student in a little game.”

Twilight sighed, “...Fine. What did you have in mind?”

“A juice-drinking contest,” was Sunset's answer.

Twilight hadn't noticed until now that Sunset's lunch-tray contained nothing but juice cups. “Alright.” It was a simple game, nothing too strenuous or time consuming. So, why not?

“Great!” Sunset beamed.

###

The contest was very easy for Twilight to win. Perhaps Sunset just really hated the taste, or got a stomach ache, but she could barely even finish two cups. Twilight, on the other hand, had a score of six. The crowd that had gathered to watch cheered her on, and she started to feel a little better. If she was being cheered now, perhaps she would be when it came time to vote for the Fall Formal Princess.

Soon, lunch ended and Twilight went off to a classroom. Studying the history of this alternate world was truly fascinating, and she was eager to get back to doing so.

It had started as a dull throb, nothing too troublesome, just a tiny issue in the back of her mind. It wasn't a big deal. At first.

Then it progressed at an alarmingly fast speed into something a bit more bothersome, a bit more uncomfortable. Not even twenty minutes into the class, she'd had to ask (or plead, rather) for a hall pass so she could go relieve herself.

“No,” the teacher, Night Swirl, said.

“But-”

“I'm sorry, Ms. Sparkle. But, I've had issues with students trying to skip class by taking restroom breaks before.”

She groaned. If Night Swirl knew anything about her, then he'd know that skipping class was the last thing she'd ever do! The class in question dragged on, and Twilight felt herself becoming more and more restless. She tried to focus on the lesson, she wanted to focus on the lesson, but she just couldn't.

She scrunched her face and kicked her legs out, then brought them back. She did it again. The juice contest had most certainty been a mistake. It had all been a mistake. Anything that involved drinking and this new world and Twilight's bladder was a mistake.

The lecture wasn't enough of a distraction for her, in spite of her addiction to learning new things. She tried looking out the window, but that didn't help either. She pressed her legs together tightly, wiggling in her seat. She tapped her feet against the floor, and tried to come up with some kind of plea or bargain that Night Swirl would take. She wouldn't learn anything unless she could focus on something besides her bladder, anyway.

She stuck her hand up, jiggling her legs at the same time. “Night Swirl, I really need to take a break.”

Night Swirl sighed, “Twilight, I already told you.”

She leaned back in her seat, banging her legs together. Wasn't it obvious enough that she really needed to go and wasn't just trying to find an easy way to get out of class? She turned around to look at the clock, a movement which placed horrific amounts of pressure on her straining bladder. There were 30 minutes to go.

She told herself that she could wait that long. She had to, after all. She couldn't have an accident in front of everyone, especially not after they had all seen that video. Suddenly, Twilight gasped and jolted forward, grimacing loudly and squeezing her legs even tighter. A tiny spurt of urine had escaped, not enough to leave a mark, but more than enough to make Twilight start to doubt her ability to hold on until the end of class. She couldn't even attempt to concentrate on the lesson anymore, the only thing in the world was the aching, ever expanding weight pulsing in her abdomen, which felt at every passing moment, like it would pulse too strongly for her to handle.

She quickly pressed a hand to herself and winced. The liquid contained inside of her was sloshing around like unset gelatin.

Three eternities and a millennium (or, what was probably only about thirty minutes) later, the bell rang and Twilight was met with her next great obstacle: standing up. She tried to do it as gently as she possibly could, but the shock of the change in position sent a tingle of sheer desperation up from his heels, through the line of her legs and into her aching bladder. The overfull organ shook as waves of pee washed back and forth, screaming to get out at that exact moment.

“Mmf--!” She cried out, hopping from foot to foot. At least she knew where the closest toilet was. She just had to get there without losing control. She'd been holding it so long and had to go so, so badly, the idea of being able to relax was tormenting and she could barely move fast enough. She raced down the hallway as fast as she could in her state, she was almost there, so close, her bladder started to loosen in anticipation of great relief-- and then squeezed when Twilight caught sight of the sign.

Out Of Order.

No-- Twilight yanked the handle, but it was locked. She tugged harder, begging Come, on! I have to go! Now!

Wearing an expression of utter misery, she turned and tried the boys'. It, too, was out of order. She ran off, trying to make it to the next-closest restroom. Before she got there, she bumped into Pinkie Pie. “Heya Twilight!” The bouncing pink-haired girl greeted.

Twilight gritted her teeth, knowing it would be rude to just run past her friend, but also really not in the mood for any distractions. “H-hello Pinkie... I-I'm sorry, b-but I'm in a rush...”

“Why? Are you planning a party!?”

Pinkie really had a one track mind sometimes. “N-no... I really have to-”

“Ohhhh!” Pinkie said in realization. “Yeah. I bet so. That was a lotta juice you had there. But...” She trailed off.

Twilight's bladder thrashed even more, more uncontainable by the second. “What?”

“You can't get into any of the school's bathrooms...”

“WHAT!?” Twilight demanded, in a humiliating whine.

“Yeah, somebody stuck cherry bombs in the toilets, and so...”

This was bad. This was very, very bad. This was, as Rarity would say, THE. WORST. POSSIBLE. THING.

The liquid trapped in Twilight's bladder rushed at her opening as she rocked back and forth, threatening to burst out even if there was nowhere to go. “Ohhh... Pinkie, what should I do?”

“I dunno...” Pinkie said. “I guess this IS pretty bad...”

Twilight settled on the only option she could think of, get to a more secluded place before the inevitable happened. Even if she didn't have a toilet, at least no one would be around to watch. This would not be easy, since the halls were packed. It was actually getting hard to move at all, with or without a bursting bladder. If she could just get to a supply closet before the floodgates broke...

She started wading through the halls, trying to nudge her way through. She could see a closet just a few feet away. She was so close... And then someone elbowed her in the abdomen.

With a strangled squeak, she felt wetness start to seep into her panties and skirt. She was losing control for the second time in as many days. She crossed her legs, she stumbled, and then completely froze. Oh no. This wasn't happening. This couldn't possibly be happening. But it was; she was peeing, in front of everyone in the halls. On herself. And not just a tiny bit; it was coming out in long gushing waves that jetted down her legs in warm streams. She strained uselessly to stop herself, but it just kept coming and coming and coming. It streamed through her fingers. Her legs were drenched in waterfalls. When she reached the closet door, she pulled it, and stepped inside, the door slamming behind her. So many people had already seen, she didn't want any more getting added to the list.

She finally stopped resisting. Pee spilled down her legs, creating a puddle on the ground. Tears began to blur her vision, but she couldn't help but notice how amazingly wonderful it actually felt finally let go. Once the stream finally subsided, Spike the dragon-turned-dog poked his head out of the backpack Twilight had hidden him in. He yawned, clearly having just woken up from a nap. “Hey, Twilight. Did I miss anything?”

Author's Notes:

This was based off of a suggestion blakfayt made on the last chapter.

Because She's Yellow...

Twilight wasn't the only one to run into difficulties upon discovering the out-of-order restrooms. Fluttershy was in P.E, a class which she quite disliked. Others liked to pick on her for how slow she ran, and how poorly she did in sports, thus she was not surprised when she was the last one picked when it came time to break off into teams.

Another thing Fluttershy hated about gym was how quickly she got winded. It wasn't that she out of shape, it was that she would always try so hard to keep up with everyone else that she would wind up over-exerting herself. Because of this, she had to drink quite a lot in order to stay hydrated.

Which was why Fluttershy was currently trying to refrain from squirming as she waited for her teammate to reach her so that she could run her leg of the relay race. Fluttershy really didn't like using public restrooms. What if someone else was in there at the same time and heard her? So, she would usually have to hold it throughout the school day. But the day was only half-way through and she had to go pretty badly. She wasn't desperate or anything, but the more-than-tiny agitation in her abdomen was starting to become very apparent.

Fluttershy snapped herself back to attention when she realized her teammate was getting closer to her. She scolded herself internally. She'd need to pay more attention to the race. If she acted strangely, she'd risk giving away her problem. And that was something she definitely didn't want to do.

It was now her turn to run. Her teammate had gotten her a pretty big head start, but Fluttershy quickly lost it, fumbling her way into last place. She normally wasn't this bad, but after standing still for so long, the sudden movement had caused the liquid stored up inside of her to crash about in angry waves.

Her belt was pressing painfully into her straining, ever-swelling bladder, forcing her to stop moving altogether for a brief second. She could feel others staring at her as soon as she did. What if they were wondering what was wrong with her? Or worse, what if they KNEW what was wrong with her. The sudden frantic spasm subsided, as Fluttershy, face flushed with embarrassment, forced herself along.

Needless to say, Fluttershy got last place, and her teammates were all glaring at her. She felt so ashamed, that was truly one of her worst efforts in a long time. She took a deep breath, but that just sent new jolts of desperation right to her bloated abdomen. The heavy weight inside of her shook, threatening to break and soak her green skirt at any moment.

There were ten minutes left in the class. Could she try asking to be excused? She shuddered in shyness at the thought of voicing her need aloud. She definitely couldn't do it. She chewed her lip and practically bit it when the couch announced what their next activity would be.

Twenty consecutive push-ups.

Fluttershy winced, trying as hard as she could to think up a way to get out of this one. She couldn't even imagine trying to contain herself while doing something like that. It was one thing to hold her water while standing up or running. It was quite another to have to control her weakening bladder while sprawled out and maneuvering herself vertically.

Still not wanting to call any attention to herself, Fluttershy slowly and carefully got into position on the ground, being as careful as she could not to put any weight on her bladder. At the word 'go', Fluttershy began trying. Her bladder pounded in protest with each push-up, screaming at her about what an awful idea this was.

As she lowered herself one more time, she accidentally went down too far, her bladder grazed the ground and she winced audibly. Only a couple people had looked, but it felt like the whole world was staring at her. She stood back up just as an excruciating tingle rippled throughout her body. She crossed her legs and grabbed herself when she was sure no one was looking, then quickly forced herself to straighten up when someone turned her way.

The sudden spasm had passed, but her bladder was still so, so full and now that she'd held herself she needed to do it again, right away, oh dear, oh dear--- The bell rang, and it was the most blessed sound Fluttershy had ever heard, almost like angels singing. She tore into the school and towards the restroom, only to be greeted by the least blessed sight she had ever gazed upon.

OUT OF ORDER

Fluttershy could feel her bladder muscles giving up. She was about to wet herself right there in hallway. With people everywhere. Just the thought of that made her want to curl up into a tiny ball and cry... She couldn't let it happen. She stilled herself for a few seconds to get everything mostly under control again before she darted off again. She found another restroom and was about to declare victory, when she noticed the sign.

OUT OF ORDER

Why was this happening to her? They couldn't all be like this, could they? She stomped her feet against the floor and shifted her hips back and forth. She needed to find somewhere to release all the pent-up urine before she burst. The last girl's room was on the other side of the school, and she knew she couldn't make it all the way there. Her pee was going to start jetting out at any second, whether she liked it or not.

Unable to move, Fluttershy's bladder pounded insistently and then finally squeezed. Warm fluid surged out of her and bloomed in her panties, tearing a gasp from her. She heard a tiny pattering of liquid against the floor and a blush burned across her face. Her legs gave out and she grabbed herself as she dropped to her knees. She fumbled to push herself back up, continuing to leak. She opened her eyes, which had been pressed shut to avoid having to look at the countless people who were now doubt staring at her, and her vision aligned with an empty juice-cup from the cafeteria.

There was a supply closet not too far away... The cup was big, most certainly big enough... She could... She managed to stem her flow of urine, but she knew that she didn't have much time before it resumed and completely humiliated her. She moaned aloud, grabbed the cup. It wouldn't leak. She could... But she couldn't... But she HAD to...

Glancing back and forth, and shakily forcing herself to her feet, she shuffled as fast as she could into the supply closet. Much to her dismay, the door didn't have a lock on it. So if someone needed to get in here and she wasn't gone... She pressed her back up against it and hoped that she was heavy enough to make a difference. Her face a bright red, she pulled her panties down and maneuvered the cup into position as best as she could. Her hands were shaky and she didn't have much experience with relieving herself into anything besides a proper toilet, but her bladder didn't care about any of that, bursting once more.

The instant she started peeing, Fluttershy felt like she was actually going to pass out from the relief. She moaned in ecstasy as she allowed herself to finally relax. She blissfully closed her eyes and continued to let the urine flow freely out of her overly-extended bladder and into the cup. “Ahhhhh,” she sighs, not even realizing she had done so out loud. It continued to stream down for what felt like minutes, but there was still no sign that it would be stopping at any time soon. As it begins to taper off, she becomes more aware of what a loud sound the spattering of her urine into the plastic cup was making. She really hoped nobody was right outside the door.

Then came the realization that she was actually doing this. She was peeing, in public, in a supply closet, with a door that didn't lock, into a cup. Perhaps she was starting to get over her shy-bladder-problem. When every last drop had finally dribbled out, she sighed once more and blinked her eyes back open. Her few moments of heaven were over, and she examined the damage done to her panties, luckily, the wet patch was barely noticeable, the only way anybody would notice is if they looked up her skirt, which nobody would be doing anyway. She pulled them back up, stepping away from the door for a moment to do so... and it was just her luck that it was flung open as soon as she was finished.

“Oh, hey Flutters!” Pinkie Pie greeted, always cheery. “I thought I heard your voice in here.”

“P-Pinkie!” Fluttershy gasped.

“What're you doing in here, anyways?”

“Uh-”

Fluttershy was interrupted when Pinkie pointed at the cup, which she had set on the ground. “Ooh! Did you get lemonade!? Let me try some!” The pink-haired girl picked it up and brought it to her mouth.

“Pinkie, don't-!”

Sunset

Sunset Shimmer chuckled as she finished sabotaging the last restroom in Canterlot High, knowing that it would only be a matter of time before Twilight felt the need to visit one, then when she couldn't... Well, no one would vote for her after such an embarrassing sight. Sunset smiled. Everything was going well.

Or, at least, it was.

Until, of course, Sunset herself felt the need to visit one. She had been so careful not to drink much during the contest with Twilight, she had even made sure to relieve herself beforehand, but the fact of the matter was that the orange-skinned girl had a rather small bladder. Shortly after lunch, she had needed to go again, and it got progressively worse and worse as the day went on. When she got to her last class of the day, she was sweating from the exertion.

But she had to act as composed as possible, after all, her coronation was tomorrow! A future princess wouldn't be caught dead squirming or bouncing as she gave her oral report to her fellow classmates.

And yet, that was exactly what Sunset was doing.

“Care to begin, Ms. Shimmer?” Asked the teacher.

Sunset realized she had been standing there, silent, for about half a minute. She nodded and began her speech, while her leg shook quite distractedly. As she gave her report on the world's current drought problems, her bladder pinched at her mercilessly letting her know that it had a pretty good idea on how to fix them. She shifted from foot to foot in a vain attempt to find some sort of escape from the never-ending pressure, but it was impossible.

As she continued, she swayed where she stood, legs crossed, one hand balled into a fist. She had never actually wet herself (apart from when she was a little filly back in Equestria), and didn't intend to start any time soon. When she finished, she was almost shaking with the effort it took to not start full on pee-dancing in front of the whole class.

Luckily, as soon as she finished her report, class ended, and since it was her final class, she could find somewhere to go to take care of her problem. The first place she tried was the Sweet Shop right next to the school. She easily spotted the door with the sign reading 'Toilet' in large, red letter. She hadn't even gone yet but she already felt better. Just knowing it was there and she could go soon and this unbearable aching pain in her abdomen could be gotten rid of. She hastily made her way over, but when she tried to open the door, it turned out to be locked.

She leaned back against the wall to wait, shifting her hips around the whole time. She crossed her legs in a way she hoped would appear casual, but whoever was in there was really taking their sweet ol' time to come out. Her bladder must have been stretched much further than any bladder ever ought to be. Quivering, she tried not to grab herself to help her hold it, spun around, and decided to check somewhere else.

Sunset had never felt so overjoyed to see a portable toilet before. In most cases she, along with everyone else, hated those things. But she was so desperate that she'd take absolutely anything. She ran across the streets to where a row of them were located, and grabbed the door of the closest one. It didn't budge. Without a second thought, she tried the next one over. It was also locked.

“Ohhhh!!!” she groaned, pressing a quick hand to herself. She was seconds away from peeing herself, right out on the street. She forced herself to concentrate on the sign taped to one of the doors, which wasn't easy. All her mind could focus on was the liquid in her abdomen and how big of a problem there would be if it weren't expelled immediately.

PAY TOILET

ONE DOLLAR PER USE

Sunset could barely resist moaning out loud as her bladder trembled. What kind of crap was that!? She didn't have any money. This could not be happening. This absolutely could not be happening. She refused to accept it. She couldn't wait any more. Shivers of urgency were rushing up and down her entire body and she searched the area, trying as hard as she could not to panic. Her entire body was trembling, she was so frantic.

She found another shop, and decided to try it. Her bladder was fighting against her every step. It took all her power to avoid wetting herself before she made it inside. All she wanted to do was pee somewhere until this horrible feeling of being so full of liquid that she thought she'd literally explode went away. Just the thought of finally letting out all her pee made her abdomen cramp up and she had to grab herself.

By the time she got through the front doors of the shop, she was straining and drenched in sweat.

Two boys were at the counter, they appeared to be related. Brothers, most likely. They both wore straw hats and bow-ties. “Lookie here, Flim, looks like we got us another customer.” One of them said.

“It would seem so, Flam,” the other nodded.

“O-oh, no...” Sunset stumbled. “I was hoping I could use your bathroom.”

Flam shook his head. “Customer's only, young lady.”

Sunset groaned, miserable. That was the worst thing she could hear right now. Bouncing from foot to foot, the girl begged. “Please? Just this once? Can't I use it?”

The brothers did not give in. “If you buy something first,” Flim nodded.

“I haven't got any money.” Tears of frustration began to gather around her eyes. She pleaded that this was an emergency and could they please just be kind? But, that didn't help. Pee was starting to seep into her clothes and she gasped, crossing her legs quickly.

“Like this one of a kind doll!” Flam held up an old, tattered doll which was missing one eye and a leg. “Only 60 dollars!”

Sunset was so eager for a place to empty her bladder that she would have handed these guys a million dollars if it meant that she could, but she didn't even have a penny.

“Or perhaps this blender!” Flim picked one up. It was missing a lid, as well as the blades. “500 bucks, a real bargain, my friend!”

And that was it, Sunset couldn't take it anymore. Her bladder threw in the towel and what seemed like gallons upon gallons of urine drained from her. She did all she could, she crossed her legs, she held herself, she did every pee-dance she knew, but nothing helped. A large puddle of pee was spreading out across the shag-carpeted floor of Flim and Flam's shop. The tears were flowing in full force now as well. Her legs and shoes were getting soaked. When the stream finally ended, she was drenched from the waist down.

Flim and Flam had watched the entire show, wide-eyed. Flam was the first to speak. “Now then, it seems you'll need to pay to get that carpet cleaned.”

“I told you,” Sunset growled. Now she was angry. It was THEIR fault this happened to her. “I don't have any money.”

Flim tapped his chin thoughtfully. “Well, little lady, there is something else you could do for us...”

###

Sunset scowled as she stood outside of Flim and Flam's shop, dressed in a ridiculous costume and holding a sign advertising their 'great deals'. She sighed, at least this wasn't the MOST embarrassing thing that had happened to her today.

Rarity

As Rarity walked home that day, she found herself often needing to squeeze her thighs together and chew her lip worriedly. Public restrooms were often filthy, and so she never used them. But, that was coming back to bite her today. What made it worse was that she wasn't walking home alone, now that Twilight had reunited the group of friends, Applejack had made the offer of accompanying Rarity. Not wanting to jeopardize her freshly-mended friendship, the purple haired girl agreed.

But now she just wished that she was alone so that she could cross her legs and bounce like she needed to without earning any unwanted attention from AJ. It simply wouldn't do for a lady to be caught doing a “potty-dance” like a little girl. Even still, she couldn't help but shift her weight every couple steps, almost doubled over. But she was sure Applejack hadn't caught on.

She was wrong. Applejack was well aware. How could she not be? Rarity was twisted up like a poorly constructed pretzel. She was constantly jumping from one place to the next, wincing. She didn't quite know if she should say anything, though. Rarity was probably pretty self-conscious about that kind of thing.

“Y'alright?” Applejack tried.

“Quite f-fine...” Rarity groaned and shook as she took tiny, mincing contorted steps.

“We're almost to your house,” Applejack assured. “We should be there soon.”

“Why sh-should I be concerned?” Rarity asked, her face burning in embarrassment.

“Y' look a little rushed is all.”

“Well I'm fine,” Rarity repeated, more to herself than to Applejack. But she knew she wasn't fine. She hadn't been fine for hours. Suddenly she stopped, doubling over, clutching herself with both hands. The scrunched position caused her belt to press into her bladder hard and she winced loudly.

“Y' sure about that?” Applejack quirked an eyebrow. “Y'know, if ya gotta take a leak, that's fine. We can stop somewhere.”

“No,” Rarity insisted. “I don't-- I can wait.”

“Suit yourself,” Applejack shrugged. If that stubborn girl wanted to humiliate herself, she wasn't gonna stop her. In fact, the idea of continuing to watch the show Rarity was putting on was actually... a pleasant one. As they continued their trek, Applejack found that she had a hard time keeping her eyes off her desperate friend. Heat rose up inside of her stomach as her growing fascination took hold.

Rarity stopped short and moaned. Applejack considered pressing the issue again, but she realized, her heart beating frantically, that she wanted this to go on for as long as it possibly could. She didn't want her friend to be in agony or miserable. But her body came alive seeing the normally composed Rarity so desperate and needy, and Applejack just couldn't bring herself to let it conclude.

“So, you lookin' forward to the dance?” Applejack asked, her voice carefully casual.

“Oh yes,” Rarity nodded. “I've got a nice dress picked out and everyth-” she was cut off by her bladder squeezing a short spurt of urine into her panties. She yelped out loud, her face burned a deep red, she tensed up completely. She hopped back and forth to cut off the stream. It was the first flow of the dam breaking apart. The leak soaked her underwear and started making its way down her legs. 'No!' She though, terrified and breaking out in a cold sweat. 'No! No! Please! Not yet--!' She noticed Applejack staring at her. The cowgirl's eyes were wide and her lips were parted.

Once she felt that she had gotten herself under control once more, Rarity continued walking. But she knew she couldn't last much longer. The heavy weight in her abdomen was splitting open, the flood aching and screaming to rush out. Every step sent a new wave of urgent need throughout her bladder. Finally, she just couldn't walk anymore. She couldn't wait anymore. The amount of fluid contained inside of her was far beyond her ability to hold in she needed to get home to her bathroom or she'd drench herself, but she couldn't move. “A-Applejack!” she wailed. “I can't-- I'm going to--! I can't wait!”

“It's okay, Rares,” Applejack tried to sound comforting. She looked around, knowing that there was only so far she could take this game of hers. If Rarity completely wet herself, she'd be devastated, and AJ just couldn't let that happen to her friend. Unfortunately, they had walked into a residential area, and Applejack knew Rarity would never knock on someone's door to beg to use their bathroom. But up ahead, AJ saw it. A small clearing in between the houses. A small, grass-filled field. “C'mon. I've got an idea.”

Rarity was walking, but she was whimpering the whole time, especially when Applejack led her down another path, away from her home. “Where are you going?” She writhed desperately against the pain as the reached the field.

“You can go,” Applejack said. “Go behind a bush. It's just us. It's okay.”

Rarity gasped and tried to straighten herself out. “But-”

“And don't worry, I won't tell anyone.”

“Y-You promise?” She stumbled, legs still tangled together as she doubled over, twisting her hips.

“'Course. I'd never do that.”

They were alone. When Rarity looked around they were concealed under the cover of trees. She let out a loud moan as her splitting bladder began to squeeze again. “F-fine, I'll go.” She quickly pulled down her underwear and squatted. Instantly the flood began to spray out of her.

Applejack watched in numb amazement as Rarity finally let go. The sound of her urine hitting the ground was audible, as were her sighs of euphoria. She peed for so long that it impressed Applejack, releasing tiny moans of distress as well as relief. She'd stop fighting her bladder, but her whole body was still tensed up. When the stream finally ended and she'd pulled her underpants back up, she looked up at Applejack, tears in her eyes. “Please don't tell anyone...”

“I already told you I wouldn't,” Applejack reminded. “And I always keep my promises.”

Pinkie Pee

The day of the big dance had finally arrived, and Pinkie Pie woke up and bright and early. She loved a good party, after all. But perhaps she had woken too early... Glancing at her clock, she saw that she wouldn't have to start getting ready for school for another three hours. She turned on her side and tried to go back to dreamland, but that wasn't happening. She was just too excited!

She sprang out of bed and picked out her clothes for the day, then she watched some TV. She started to feel a little sleepy later on, but it was time to leave already. So, she poured herself a couple cups of coffee to help keep herself awake.

She started to regret that a little bit when she got to Canterlot High. She felt a tiny tingling in her lower abdomen, and she figured that it was from a lot more than just excitement. No big deal, there was still time left before the first class of the day to visit a restroom. Hopefully, they had been fixed after the previous day's vandalism.

They weren't.

Oh well, no big deal. Pinkie Pie, ever the optimist, reassured herself that she could wait until later. Just so long as she didn't think about it. Her first few classes breezed by, as she daydreamed about balloons and streamers and the super fun party she'd be going to. She barely paid her bladder any attention, not until lunch anyway.

As she and her friends rallied support for Twilight's campaign, she was careful not to drink much. Even if running around so much made her a bit sweaty and tired. She was definitely feeling it now. If she didn't get to a toilet soon... She'd be in trouble. As she sat down to eat, she turned her knees into each other and twitched her legs uncomfortably. Her bladder was positively straining now.

But that was okay, because she only had to get through three more classes, and then she could find a place to go. But partway through her next class, any diverting thoughts she could come up with were drowned in the ocean of fluid she now had to focus all of her limitless energy on. She tapped her foot and beat her fingers against her desk restlessly. She felt her cheeks flush from the strain of holding her absolutely full bladder, wishing she was flushing in a different way. There was no way she could make it through two more classes.

Wincing, she kicked her legs out and agitatedly tapped her feet again. She snapped her legs together and bobbed them up and down slowly.

“Ms. Pinkie?” The teacher called. “Is there a problem?”

She hadn't realized how much noise her restless tapping was making. “No,” she answered. What was the point of telling him? Even if he excused her, the toilets were all broken anyway.

“Please hold still, you're distracting the rest of the class.”

Pinkie nodded as some of the other students snickered at her. It was common for Pinkie to disrupt class in one way or another. She was just so hyper, and she had a tendency to blurt things out. She sat still, which became increasingly difficult with each second. She tried to squeeze her legs, but worried that that may be distracting as well somehow. Her bladder was past full and she couldn't move or do anything to help keep it from exploding. Just as she was starting to feel on the verge of panic, the bell rang.

She burst from the classroom much in the way her bladder was wishing to burst from her. She looked back and forth, in a state of pure panic. This was bad, this was so, so bad. She bounced around, from MUCH more than excitement. She needed somewhere to go. She didn't care where it was. Especially after she felt the first few drops seep into her panties. Pinkie bit her lip. There had to be something she could do... She held herself with both hands, she couldn't think of anything, this was hopeless. Pee was already starting to drip down her legs.

Pinkie quickly shook her head. Nothing was ever hopeless. With a determined look, she stepped outside the backdoor of the school. There was a big dumpster near the back of the building and Pinkie grimaced. She'd never even think of doing something like this in any normal situation. But this wasn't a normal situation. The thought that if she could make it over there, it might give enough cover that she could hide behind it and pee and pee until this horrible feeling of fullness finally left her alone.

And that's what she did. She had to go so badly that it actually took a second for it to start coming out, strangely enough. “Ahhh,” she moaned. Much better. The sound of her relief mixed and mingled with the sound of urine wetting the concrete with a satisfying 'hssss'. The liquid gushed out at a full force, she was somewhat limp and hazy from how great it felt to finally let go.

She jumped a little bit at the sound of a ball hitting the dumpster. She strained a bit to make herself finish her pee faster, but to no avail. As her stream continued soaking the ground, Rainbow Dash approached to fetch the lost ball. Pinkie shut her eyes. Maybe if she couldn't see Rainbow Dash, then Rainbow Dash wouldn't be able to see her. But there was no ignoring the sound of the liquid spattering the ground.

“Pinkie Pie,” the rainbow haired girl remarked. “You are SO random...”

