Wet fun between friends

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-03-19 07:15

Another story to add to my series- this one also involves two women. It's a sequel to The pleasures of tea shopping

.

Maryna wriggled in place on the couch. Her wet panties had dried pleasantly and quickly as she had gulped down tea and white wine in front of the cozy fireplace with her legs spread open next to Pooja.

“Julian will be home soon.” Pooja warned half-heartedly. She didn't want Maryna to leave, nor get dressed for that matter. Both ladies were in their underwear enjoying a drunken haze, their bladders filling to dangerous levels. They had wet their panties together an hour ago.

“It’s okay, it’s been way too long since he's seen me in a bikini anyway.” Maryna responded lazily as she sipped down some more wine. “Oh! Sorry, I totally didn't mean that- I’ll cover up if you like.”

Pooja giggled- they were getting reacquainted quickly! “Nah, who cares… He checks you out all the time either way.”

“Haha, yeah I know… and same with Steve but with you. He loves your cute brown butt!” They laughed together- it had been way too long since they had gotten into drunk girl-talk together like this.

The conversation returned to Maryna’s desire to play pee games with her husband. She asked how Pooja had gotten things going with Julian.

“Well, it was all him.” Pooja paused to sip from her glass.

“Oh really? You lucky little slut…” Maryna absent mindedly ran her fingers through Pooja’s long black hair.

“Yeah, we were on like.. our third date together and I was just starting to get more comfortable with him so we went out for drinks. You know I usually only drink a bit with my close friends- they know not to spread gossip and photos of me… it’s all kind of changed now that I’m married and all. My family kind of got over all of it since I married… you know, a white guy.” She waved dismissively. She was growing a little incoherent as she grew drunker.

“Yeah…” Maryna recalled Pooja telling her about how protective her upbringing had been. Maryna, on the other hand, had been more of a free spirit- she had dated her share of boys, though they had been on the nerdier side. Her parents had insisted she, a smart girl who consistently stayed at the top of her class, stay away from the troublesome jocks. Naturally, Maryna had been intrigued by the idea of teenage rebellion against her parents, but quickly realized her mom and dad were right- dumb boys sucked. She had married Steve, a nice boy she had met in her third year of university- he now worked as a software engineer.

Pooja continued. “Anyway, I guess I got caught up in connecting with this amazing guy and drank a bit more than I should’ve. He went to pee before we left but I didn’t say anything about my need. There was a short line and it always takes ladies a little longer so I didn’t want him to have to wait after he was done.”

Maryna interjected. “Yeah, it’s so unfair- I’ve definitely leaked in line before cuz of the wait.” She gulped down the rest of her wine glass and set it down before grabbing her crotch. The drinks were making their way into her bladder and it had grown from a minor nuisance to an urgent need over the past ten minutes.

“So I thought I could hold it on the way home- my bus stop was only ten minutes away. But I was hammered and didn’t realize the busses didn’t run as often at night. Plus, the walk in the cold made me want to pee like hell! I was kinda awkwardly walking and hoping he didn’t know I had to piss like a racehorse. He was giving strange looks but didn’t say anything. So, he walked me to the stop and we just missed the bus by a minute. It was then that I realized I had no clue when the next one was.”

“Haha, that’s hilarious! What were you wearing?” With her hand on her pussy, Maryna could feel that her pink cotton panties were still damp. She wasn’t sure if it was pee from before or her horniness. She was definitely excited. She started slowly massaging herself as Pooja responded to her naughty inquiry.

“Basically a skirt- my favorite tight green skirt and a frilly crop top- I can’t remember the color now. I think it was white.” She paused to recollect and glanced over at her friend touching herself next to her.

“Go on…” breathed Maryna as her masturbation intensified.

“Anyway, I checked the schedule on my phone and realized I was totally fucked. The next bus was in fifteen minutes and then there was the ten-minute ride plus a few more minutes of walking after… you get the idea. There was no way I was going to get home without wetting myself.” Pooja gasped and grabbed herself between crossed legs. Telling this story was absolute hell in her desperate state.

“Yes, of course, you had to GO!” Maryna gasped. She had her leg up on the couch now, near Pooja’s knee. She was furiously rubbing her clitoris through her panties. Her extremely full bladder was enhancing the self-touching session. With waves of pleasure flowing through it, the poor organ desperately sent repeated threats of imminent voidance.

“And so I had no choice but to tell Julian the truth- I was bursting for the toilet and needed to find one quick.” Pooja’s face burned as she recalled the experience- many lines had been crossed since, but somehow the shame was still there.

“Oh, the EMBARRASSMENT- GOSH! AH!” She shrieked as she neared climax. “What did he do?”

Pooja shifted uncomfortably, grinding her fit butt on the couch. She felt like she was on the verge of re-wetting her panties. Good thing she had remembered to lay out the spare mattress-protecting sheet before they had sat down.

“He was the perfect… oooh, I gotta really go bad… the perfect gentleman. He walked me down to a restaurant a couple of blocks away. I remember I was trying not grab my crotch in front of him. It’s crazy how quick a girl’s need grows sometimes- we had just left the bar only like fifteen minutes before and now I was about to wet myself in front of him!”

Maryna had her head tilted back and eyes closed. There was visible wet spot on her panties as she stroked compulsively. She let out a few moans and then chomped down on her lower lip so Pooja could continue her story.

“He explained the problem of my pee emergency to the greeter... or seater- whatever you call him… and offered to buy something so I could go. The guy had said it was no problem- he didn’t have to buy anything. But… the ladies room was closed five minutes for cleaning. Julian looked at me bent over still struggling not to touch my pussy in front of two hot men … and I just shook my head no.”

Maryna squirted hard as she neared orgasm. She shivered uncontrollably, in a mix of pleasure and desperation as she struggled to regain control. Her spurts of pee drenched the gusset of her panties and the stream dripped onto the protective waterproof material beneath her. Maryna stopped rubbing briefly and pressed hard against her womanhood.

“Ooooh…” she gasped as her bladder pulsed hard upon being denied complete relief.

Seeing her friend's wet spot was rough- Pooja felt herself leak into her own panties and pressed hard. She hurriedly resumed speaking.

“Ju-Julian quickly thanked the guy and led me out. I felt a little bit leak out right after we left, so I grabbed myself and told him I had to go now or I’d wet my skirt. I quickly rushed into this alley and squatted. There were people walking around nearby so I couldn't lower my panties- I just lifted my skirt and peed through them. He was like… standing there in front of me shocked. I was too focused on my own problem to worry about my date watching me piss myself.”

Unable to refrain from touching herself for more than few seconds, Maryna had gone back to the circular grinding of her clit.

“So, after I pulled my skirt back down, I noticed he had this.. um… boner, and he seemed embarrassed about it. He apologized for being turned on, but I said it was fine. I had a small wet spot on the front of skirt. I couldn’t see the back, but it probably got more wet from my panties. It was ok though- he had to walk behind me to hide his… you know…”

It was too much- Maryna orgasmed and began full-on wetting herself. As she shrieked, pee sprayed out of her body, drenching the sofa cover and forming a giant puddle on the tiled floor. Watching Maryna’s accident predictably drove Pooja over the edge. She also started wetting herself with a relieved sigh. It was absolute heaven to finally let go. With her bladder emptying, she was lost in a dazed bliss until she heard her husband’s voice behind her.

“And then we fucked for the first time at her condo.” He finished the story firmly.

Maryna’s eyes shot open in a cold panic. He had been watching her masturbate and pee her panties! She sat frozen in place, unsure about what to do. Her hand was still clutching her crotch and she was breathing hard after climaxing. Her eyes were locked with Julian’s.

On the other hand, Pooja was unfazed. She arose, pee dripping off her body and kissed her husband on the lips. He reached down to lovingly smack her ass, clad in wet full-cut white panties. Maryna was grateful the embrace had at least disrupted the awkward eye contact. Maryna repositioned herself on the wet couch with her legs closed- it was the least she could do to preserve the little dignity she had left.

As they broke off the kiss, Julian mockingly scolded his wife. “Honey, I can’t believe you never told me about all the dirty fun you have been having!”

Pooja laughed. “Don’t worry, it only started today.” She briefly filled him in on their meeting at the grocery store and everything that has transpired since.

“Oh, I see. Maryna you followed her to the store, didn’t you?” Julian shot her a questioning glance as he continued to take in the incredible wet scene. Maryna blushed and admitted she had.

Pooja responded this time, her arms still around her husband. “It’s ok, we made quite the evening out of it.” She reached down to massage her man through his dress pants- she had sensed his semi-erection as they embraced. She felt his body stiffen in response to her touch. She could also tell that he needed to pee- she would enjoy both his urine and semen in short order.

Maryna’s humiliation quickly turned into mild envy. Julian and Pooja were about to head upstairs to engage in wet fun with each other while her husband had never given her such pleasure.

Julian spoke up again. “Maryna, if you like... you can shower and stay for dinner. Then, I can give you a ride back to your car. I’ll even drop it home for you if you’re not okay to drive- the walk back to the store is only like ten minutes from your place…”

Maryna decidedly shook her head from side to side and got up- the couple’s gazes lowered down to her soiled panties. “No, I’m going to call Steve now- I need to show him my pissed panties. You two can go upstairs and have your fun.”

Julian and Pooja giggled, realizing their urges for each other had been obvious. A giant erection was now poking through Julian’s pants as Pooja continued fondling him. They said their goodbyes and headed upstairs.

Maryna headed back to the bathroom and tossed her dress and sweater over her wet panties. Her hubby would be over to pick her up in five minutes- it was time to introduce him to watersports.

