Might Is Merit II: The Contest of Containment

Author: Foxlover

*000*2021-11-01 02:36

A sequel to my previous tale, Might is Merit! hardly any omo in this chapter (sorry lol) but more to come! I promise I won't wait months between updates this time XD

PROLOGUE:

Morning in Rivenwelle.

Tendrils of pink and lavender flecked through the navy sky, bringing the dawn to bear over the last vestiges of the night. The wind whistled gently as it rustled through the sea of scarlets, oranges and golds crowning each tree top, shaking the brittle leaves loose from their branches to flutter gently onto the vibrant forest floor. The castle town was still asleep, save for the farmers and countrymen wanting to take advantage of the wee hours before the sunrise to make preparations for the harvest.

Melina Malwick was among these early risers, already dressed in her alchemist’s apron over her tunic and trousers as she knelt in the grass a little ways away from the cabins. She was carefully plucking fallen leaves off the ground, pressing them into wax paper in her alchemist’s journal. Master Arwen had often spoken of there being a special energy to plant life that exists in the liminal space between life and death, and that such reagents made for potent tinctures. Of course, Melina had her own experience with ingredients that existed as extant forms of life, and the circumstances surrounding those may have seemed an order of magnitude more interesting than a bunch of dead leaves, but to Melina, it was all incredibly fascinating.

She pressed one more leaf between the pages of the small yellowing book before getting to her feet and slipping it into her satchel. She pulled her cloak a little tighter around her to stave off the autumn morning chill, Melina took a moment to watch as the sun finally crested the horizon, golden light spilling over the meadow and bathing it in its warm glow.

Sweeping an errant strand of blonde hair out of her eyes, she turned and made her way back to her cabin. Now that the sun had risen, it seemed many of her fellow alchemists had too, moving about the little grassy common area as they prepared for their own small excursions. The looks that followed her back to her own cabin made Melina glad of her recent habit of rising early; it had been a little over seven months since she’d returned from the Kh’raven compound, and after weeks of being plumbed with questions about her experience, Melina had begun looking for opportunities to steal a few precious hours of solitude for herself, mostly during mornings like this. Lucky for her, waking up before dawn to attend to her chores for the Kh’raven had effectively quashed her tendency to oversleep, so it was quite fortuitous.

“Oi, Mel!” Called a voice from behind her. Melina turned to see Ewand hurrying up to her, making her groan inwardly. She liked the young man well enough, but ever since he and Priscilla had begun seeing each other, Melina had been trying to keepher distance, fearful of her initial feelings of jealousy becoming a pall on their relationship. She was happy for her best friend getting the man of her dreams, of course, but it wasn’t as though Melina could simply forget the similar feelings she’d had for the lovely brunette alchemist. Of course, after her brief but memorable kiss with a certain blind orcess, Melina had elected to keep those feelings to herself, lest she simple create a confusing situation for all parties involved.

Still, she turned, waiting patiently for Ewand to catch up. “Morning, Ewand…” She murmured. “You’re up early…”

The man chuckled, rubbing a burly arm. “I could say the same for you… been up before all of us lately…”

Melina kept her face impassive. “Morning’s when it’s quiet, good time to think.” She replied evenly.

Ewand nodded, but Melina could see a tension on his face, and she already knew what he was going to ask before he even asked.

“So, erm…” He began, his eyes drifting to avoid looking the awkward situation dead on. “I don’t want to meddle in things, but, Pris told me she’s been feeling like you’re...I dunno, avoiding her…”

His eyes flicked back to Melina’s face to gauge her reaction, but her expression remained neutral as she waited for him to continue.

Receiving no response, Ewand swallowed and pressed on. “I told her she was being barmy, but...I dunno, she seems convinced that there’s something off with you two…”

Melina leveled her gaze at the man, a million responses flying through her head. She took a deep breath, folding her arms. “Thank you, for your concern, Ewand… but everything is fine. I’ve simply been busy applying all the knowledge we’ve gained under master Arwen, as is our purpose for being here, yes?” She asked, looking the young man square in the eye.

He swallowed, but he nodded. “...Sure, but-”

“I’ll talk to Pris, okay? Don’t you worry about it.” Melina cut him off, offering what she hoped was a reassuring smile. “Don’t forget, she was mine before she was yours.” She added with a bit of a smirk, earning herself a chuckle from the lad.

“Right, right, yeah...you probably know her even better than I do…”

“And don’t forget it.” Melina replied, her smile persisting.

Seemingly convinced, Ewand nodded, offering a smile of his own. “Thanks, Mel… she means a lot to me, and I know you mean a lot to her, so…”

Melina’s smile strained a bit at this, but she managed to keep it even. “Don’t worry, we’ll get it sorted... you’ll both be back to snogging before you know it.”

Ewand chuckled again, clapping Melina on the shoulder before nodding and moving on past her.

Melina watched him go, forcing herself to hold the smile until he’d disappeared around the bend.

As soon as he was out of eyeshot, she let out a great sigh, trudging the rest of the way to her cabin.

She pulled open the door, dropping her satchel onto her bed as she removed her cloak and apron and hung them both up next to the mirror near her bed. She couldn’t help but take a quick glance at her appearance; she’d grown nearly an inch in the last half a year, with her face thinning somewhat as it lost even more of its childish roundness. Her form had filled out, too, with her broader hips and bust giving her body a more womanly figure than previously...such a change was strange for one as old as her, but she’d be remiss to say she was displeased with it.

Finally, she took a seat at her desk, pulling her satchel towards her to begin the drying process on the leaves. As she fished out her journal, her eyes fell upon a folded up piece of parchment that had remained in the exact same spot on her desk for the last few weeks. She pursed her lips, setting her journal down and pulling the parchment towards her. The material was folded and well-lined with seams from where Melina had folded and unfolded it, having read the message quite a few times.

It was an invitation, to visit the Kh’raven compound and embark with them on some sort of journey, though to where, Melina was unsure. The letter was fairly vague, giving only somewhat confusing directions to the orc compound and the information that whatever journey they referred to was to happen in autumn… orcs were obviously not known for being particularly articulate.

She’d be lying if she said a small part of her hadn’t been tempted; the orcs were an incredibly fascinating people, even with the limited knowledge Melina had gathered during her week of servitude, and plus, she sorely missed Orla... and she couldn’t say she’d gotten all the way back to normal in Man’s Country, as evidenced by her distantness no longer escaping her fellows’ notice...

But her life and her work were here, and despite her growing genuinely fond of some of them, orcs were a difficult race to live with as an outsider.

With another sigh, Melina refolded the letter and slid it back to its spot at the corner of her desk, but before she could so much as open her journal, there came a knock at the door.

Groaning slightly, she got to her feet and ambled over to the door. “If this is you again, Ew, I already told you I’ll talk to Pris myself, and you’d better stop a-”

She opened the door to reveal not Ewand, but Master Arwen, his mismatched eyes alive with excitement. “Ah, Melina dear...it seems you have a visitor.”

Melina blinked. A visitor? She’d already been summoned to the castle to recount her experience with the orcs, and everyone she knew was already in the village, who could’ve possibly been coming to see her?

Stepping outside, she saw a small crowd of the alchemist students gathering near the edge of the pitch; whomever had showed up, they must’ve been quite a sight.

Melina made her way to the edge of the throng, craning her head to get a look at whomever had appeared, and her eyes widened.

Standing there, right in front of last night’s fire, were Khamina and Orla. Both were dressed similarly to how Melina remembered… Orla was clad in her simple dress and apron, similar to how many of the girls in the alchemist’ village were, and she was currently clutching Khamina’s arm to help guide her through the foreign environs. Khamina was dressed in her traditional roughspun tunic, long loincloths, leather boots, and all manner of jewelry made from colorful stones. Orla had a thin cloak around her shoulders, Melina noticed, and her hair had grown longer, with her single braid extending down her back almost to her posterior.

Khamina glanced around the collection of humans with gruff trepidation, while the latter appeared quite curious at the sounds of whispering around her. Both looked quite tense, but Melina imagined being a pair of orcs in a human settlement, that wasn’t surprising.

“Orla? Captain Khamina?” Melina called as she gently pushed through the crowd towards the two orcs. They both looked up as their names were called, breaking out into a twin set of grins.

“Melina? Is that you!?” Orla called, hurrying forward. The alchemists parted a wide berth around the advancing orcess as she followed Melina’s voice. Despite her surprise, Melina was unable to suppress a smile as the two embraced… she really had missed Orla, and it was also hard to ignore how much the orcish alchemist smelled of cinnamon and wildflowers… uncharacteristically pleasant for an orc, just as always.

“Ahaha, man-cub!” Khamina bellowed a grin curling back over her monstrous tusks. She strode over to clap Melina’s back with enough force to nearly send the girl sprawling into the grass. “Yeh look good… put a little meat on yer bones too, eh?” She smirked, snaking a hand down to teasingly poke at Melina’s developed rear.

The other alchemists watched in awe as their fellow greeted the two looming creatures like long-lost friends. Ewand and Priscilla were among them, the latter's eyes focused on Orla.

"Wow..." She murmured. "I didn't know Orcs could be so..."

"-Small?" Ewand murmured, his eyes also on Orla."

"...Pretty." Priscilla finished, watching Melina and Orla embrace.

As the trio reveled in their reunion, Master Arwen strode forward. “Ah! Pardon me, ma’ams, but, you two must certainly be members of the Kh’raven tribe of orcs that lives in yonder wood?”

Khamina glanced over Melina’s head at the old man, raising an eyebrow. “Aye, that be so, old-timer… what are yeh, her grandfather?”

Arwen chuckled at this, though his eyes still roved over the pair with unabashed curiosity. “Oh, nothing like that, merely her teacher and caretaker for as long as she’s under my tutelage…”

“Oh! You must be Master Arwen!” Orla piped up, smiling in the man’s direction. She felt her way over to the old man, reaching out to grasp his hand. “Melina spoke quite highly of you and your teachings… I was quite jealous!”

Arwen shook the taller orc girl’s hand, blinking. “Ah, pardon me, my dear, but… jealous?” He murmured, turning to Melina for explanation, who only smiled.

“Orla here is an alchemist too.” She explained.

At this, Arwen’s eyes widened with interest. “Is she really? An orcish alchemist, of all things! Oh I have many questions for you, my dear, many *many* questions! I simply *must* know how the applications of limewort for orcish secretions differs from-”

“Oi.” Khamina cut in, watching as Orla’s grin got wider and wider with the man’s questioning. “I’m sure you two spoon-wagglers could spend th’ whole day talkin’ about yer spoon-wagglin’, but we got business with little Melina here.” She murmured, her voice sounding impatient as she leveled her gaze at Melina. “Yeh got somewhere we can talk?”

Arwen swallowed, clearing his throat sheepishly. “Ah, my apologies, erm… Melina, go right ahead dear…”

Melina nodded at her mentor before looking at the orcs. “Come on, we can use my cabin…” she murmured, turning and beckoning them to follow her.

The rest of the class watched as Melina led the two foreigners to her cabin, hurrying after her with a quickness of step; whatever they wanted to discuss, it must’ve been important.

As the three approached the door, Melina pulled it open, stepping aside to allow the two orcs to enter. Khamina had to duck a little under the frame, looking almost comically large standing in the little room. She propped her battle axe up against the wall, bending at the knee a bit before turning back around to appraise the room.

“This where yeh live? No wonder you humans are so small, yeh all live in bloody broom closets…” she huffed.

Melina merely rolled her eyes with a chuckle, turning back to Orla. “So, not that it isn’t great to see you both, but, erm… why are you here? …if this is about that invitation…”

Orla nodded emphatically, her smile returning. “It is!” She chirped. “We had not gotten a response, and I figured the directions we left might’ve been a bit hard to decipher… I had to relay them by voice, and, well… the Kh’raven aren’t known for their skills with a quill…” she chuckled.

Melina pursed her lips. “Orla, I can’t just drop everything to go on some journey with the Kh’raven, I have a life, I have responsibilities…”

At this, Khamina snorted. “Like what, mixing yer little potions? Dreamin’ too little, man cub…”

Melina huffed. “I’ll have you know those ‘potions’ will change the course of my village, and all villages, down the line.”

Khamina rolled her eyes. “Whatever. All I know is if I were a guest of honor, I’d at least have responded t’ the damn invitation…”

Melina blinked, looking at Orla. “Guest of… what?” She repeated, now thoroughly confused.

Orla frowned. “You were invited to be a guest of the Chief’s at the Contest of Containment, didn’t you read the letter?”

“Wh-I-that letter said nothing about being a guest of the Chief!” Melina protested, looking between the two of them.

Orla frowned again, looking towards Khamina and back at Melina. “I told Khamina to write that the octennial Orcish Contest of Containment was being held, and as someone who’d bested a chief in ritual bladder combat, you were invited as an esteemed guest to witness the origins of such a match, and fellowship with other non-orcs who’ve achieved similarly impressive feats.”

Melina blinked, moving over to snatch the letter off the table and open it.

“‘Kh’raven going on trip, Chief says you are invited’.” Melina read, looking back up at Orla, who then turned to glare in the direction of Khamina, who shrugged.

“What? That’s basically the same as what I wrote…”

Orla huffed, turning back to Melina. “Well, I see now why you might not have seen this invitation as being something of consequence, but, the Contest of Containment is one of the most important cornerstones of orcish pride...not just for the Kh’raven, but *all* orcish tribes.”

Melina blinked. “Wha- ‘all’? There are other tribes?”

At this, Khamina actually laughed… a deep, booming laugh that seemed to shake the walls of Melina’s cabin.

“Course there are… what, yeh thought humans were the only sort to pillage and pilfer new lands? Orcs wrote the book on conquest, man-cub.”

Orla huffed again. “Crass as the good Captain’s description may be, she’s right. There are three other tribes in this region alone, and four more across the sea, developing in ways incredibly different from the Kh’raven. In fact, we’re spread so far apart, the Contest is the only time we even see each other.”

Melina took in the new information silently, her mind racing. The adventurous alchemist in her would kill for the chance to observe whole new species of orcs up close, but trepidation still held her heart. She was still merely human, and it was likely the other tribes would not have the Kh’raven’s relatively civility...or restraint. But 8 years was a long time...what if she was unable to get such a chance again?

“Can I...have a little bit to think about it?”

Orla nodded gently. “Of course, but, erm...you should know...The Chief was adamant about us getting a response from you, and told us not to return until you’d given your answer which means-”

“Which means we’re bunkin’ with you, man-cub.” Khamina cackled from her post near the door, arms and legs both crossed as she leaned against the door, leering at Melina. “And speakin’ of...where d’you humans go for a piss, cause I been savin’ up for a couple days and I could really lift leg, yeh know?”

Melina swallowed, looking towards her bed and the chamber pot at the foot of it. “Erm...Normally I go in there, and then I empty it out at the end of every-”

Khamina wasn’t listening, striding over to the pot and hefting the iron cauldron with one hand. It looked almost comically puny in her large green fist as she tugged down on her trousers with the other, exposing a rather swollen jade abdomen and a twinkling orcish mound framed by a shock of dark, curly hair without so much as a blush. She deftly slipped the pot between her legs, and immediately a gout of dark frothing piss jetted out from her into the pot with the force of thunderstorm rain on a metal roof. Khamina’s shoulders sagged as she poured herself into the receptacle, though it was filling dangerously fast with the output of her cavernous orcish bladder.

“H-hey, wait, don’t fill it up!” Melina huffed, striding over to the orc as Orla subtly squeezed her thighs together at the sound. “It has to last all day!”

Khamina frowned, looking up at Melina before grimacing and slowly pulling back on her flow. “Fuck, an’ I barely even got started…” She muttered, looking down at her piss swirling around in the now little over half full pot before setting it down.

Melina ran a hand through her hair; her room was clearly not built for orcs, but...it wasn’t as though she could put them anywhere else, especially if they were given express orders not to return without her answer…

Just then, another knock at the door.

“Euna above…” Melina groaned to herself, hurrying to the door and opening it to reveal Master Arwen.

“Ah, Melina dear...my apologies, but, erm...might I have a word?” He murmured, his eyes drifting past his student to the room’s other occupants.

Melina turned to look at them, wary of leaving two orcs alone in her room, even if one of them was blind… though Orla seemed to sense her hesitation.

“Go on, Melina, I’ll make sure the Captain behaves…” Orla murmured, a smile coming to her lips.

Melina was still skeptical, but that would have to suffice for now. “Be back in a moment…” She murmured, shutting the door behind her and missing how Orla’s sightless gaze began trailing wistfully towards the pot…

~~~

There was a mass of scuffling as soon as Arwen and Melina exited the cabin, and the both of them were treated to the sight of who were doing a rather poor job of pretending they hadn’t been eavesdropping. Arwen led Melina away from the cabin and the rest of the students, over towards the village gate.

As soon as they had reached relative solitude, the wizened alchemist turned towards his student, his serious visage immediately dissolving into one of wonder. “I...couldn’t help but overhear, you were extended an invitation to attend the Contest of Containment?” He whispered excitedly.

Melina blinked. “You’ve...heard of it?”

“Only rumors and stories…” The man murmured, stroking his beard. “Little is known about the intricacies of Orcish culture, even among learned scholars such as myself. The only thing that is known for sure is that the island its hosted on is home to reagents so rare and fantastical, it would be like a whole new world of alchemy was opened up to anyone who was able to visit and collect samples…Vitherium, yggraroot, Heaven’s Dew...why, Melina, you could craft concoctions that could surely even attract the attention of the Crown itself! Think of the discovery!”

Melina’s eyes widened...most of those reagents she’d only ever read about in Codexes penned by the most well-traveled of alchemists, though the locations were always mysteriously absent from their accounts. To be able to see them for herself… and in the relative safety of the Kh’raven, she assumed…

She bit her lip, clearly wrestling. “So...you think I should go?”

Master Arwen reached out, placing his gnarled hands on the girl’s shoulders as he gazed into her eyes. “I think, Melina, that there’s only so much I can teach you...such a sojourn is the lot of any great alchemist, and you are, without a doubt, a great alchemist. Such an opportunity is precious...I’d advise you to take a close look at it, at the very least.”

~~~~

Melina returned to her cabin, opening the door just in time to see Khamina and Orla in the middle of an argument.

“-my turn to pee, you already filled it halfway! I haven’t even gone yet!”

“And I could fill it three times over! I already broke the seal!”

“Melina said we had to make it last! You already got some relief, I haven’t had a chance to-”

Melina cleared her throat, getting both Orcs attention as stopped mid-argument to peer at her.

“...I accept.” She murmured, looking at the both of them. “I’ll attend the Contest of Champions.”

TO BE CONTINUED…..

*005*2021-11-15 00:22

CHAPTER 1:

THE CHAMPION RETURNS

Over the next couple days, Melina busies herself with preparations to make the trip back to the compound, and beyond to whatever destination the Contest was to be held at. Khamina had wanted to leave as soon as she had accepted (“Yeh already got clothes on yer back, what more d’you need?”) but Melina managed to convince her she needed time to get her affairs in order… after all, if what Master Arwen said was true, the Contest could go on for days, or even weeks. According to Orla, she was to pack light, breathable clothing... an odd ask, considering it was the middle of autumn, but the young alchemist acquiesced; after all, she knew next to nothing about where they were going, so, best to trust whomever had the experience.

The rest of the alchemists had more or less gone back to their normal tasks, though that didn’t keep them all from stopping what they were doing to gawk at Khamina as she cut down whole trees with but a couple swings of her axe, carrying back a whole stack of firewood on one shoulder. It was a miracle and a half that news of the two orcs in the human town hadn’t reached the castle proper, even with herself and Arwen swearing all the alchemist students to absolute secrecy. It was for this reason that Melina moved quickly, knowing that the sooner she and the orcs were gone, the better.

Orla kept to the cabin mostly; without the intimate knowledge of her surroundings like she had back at the Kh’raven compound, she felt well and truly blind. This proved quite a disadvantage when it came to trying to share the chamber pot with a greedy Khamina, who’d been all but hogging their one source of relief as the sun rose on the day they were to depart.

“P-please, Captain…” Orla groaned, pressing a hand hard against her nethers as Khamina cackled, undoing her trousers.

“What?” Khamina huffed, cupping the pot in one hand as she tugged her trousers down with the other. “We played rock parchment shears just like yeh asked, and yeh lost evey time.” She murmured coolly, bringing the pot underneath her verdant mons. “I even let yeh have best 5 out of 7… nnnhaahh, that hits the spot…” She sighed as she let her piss trickle into the pewter receptacle with a great sigh.

Orla bit her lip, bouncing gently in her chair as the sound of liquid hitting metal tormented her ears. “B-but how could you have won every time? I can’t see what you’re throwing, s-so, so you could’ve been cheating!”

Khamina had closed her eyes, savoring her relief. “Or, yer just terrible at the game, milkweed…” She sniggered. “Now pipe down, mama’s tryna concentrate…”

The stream grew louder, and Orla’s bouncing grew more erratic as her bladder throbbed in response to the maddening sound. “W-well at least leave me some room, I still haven’t gone since we-”

Just then, the door swung open, and in strode Melina, casting the pair a glance as she set a wicker basket down on her desk. She’d since gotten used to walking in on Khamina relieving herself...though she’d made them promise to limit their relief to just a few spurts at time, she still found herself having to take the pot to be emptied multiple times a day to keep up with the orcish output. She never saw Orla doing it, though, but she just figured the meeker orc was more sensitive to social grace than her crass contemporary.

“Oi, remember to pinch it off, Khamina, I’m not going to be able to empty it till later today…Khamina?”

But the Captain wasn’t listening, her eyes shut in bliss as she drained herself into the quickly filling pot. “Nn... sorry, man-cub, but I ain’t been half-way empty since I got here, and I gotta be prepared for when we get home…”

Melina’s eyes widened as the sound of liquid on liquid began to get higher pitched. “What do you m- stop, stop!” She cried, flailing her arms at the orc to get her to stop before she overflowed the pot. Khamina grunted in annoyance, but she did as she was told, pulling back on her stream right as her pee reached the upper lip of the pot. She stepped back from it, snorting gently as she pulled her trousers back up.

Melina huffed, staring down at the pot full of acrid orc urine now fermenting her entire cabin. “I told you to stop…” She grumbled, fetching a rag to wipe up the droplets Khamina had spilled.

“And I told you I didn’t wanna.” Khamina grunted, shrugging. “Be grateful I didn’t make a mess, I could’ve flooded this place if I wanted to.”

Melina shot her a glare, but she knew better than to argue with the obstinate orc. “Well, at least move it out of the center of the room…” She muttered. “And don’t get any more on my floor.”

Khamina grumbles something about “humans not telling her what to do”, but she still does as asked, hefting the pot and pulling it out of the way, past a still squirming and obviously bursting Orla who, in all her deferential demurity, was trying not to make a fuss whilst her host was getting the last of her things together.

Melina tossed her journal into the bulging knapsack on her bed before turning around to take stock of her preparations. She had her cloak laid out neatly on her bed next to a traveling bag containing clothes, shoes and a wide brimmed hat for any excess sun, plus another smaller satchel filled with a few alchemy tomes she thought she might need, plus whatever field equipment she thought she could safely fit in there.

“...Well…” She murmured. “I...guess that’s everything…just need to grab another inkwell from Master Arwen and we’ll be on our way.” She told the pair as she strode towards the door. However, when she went to open it, she’d find someone already standing there, hand up as if about to knock.

“...Pris?” Melina murmured, eyes slightly widened with surprise as she saw her erstwhile best friend standing on her stoop. She carefully closed the door behind her, stepping farther out onto the grass. Hazel eyes met blue ones as the two young women stared at each other, having not been in such direct contact in a long while.

“...Oh, good…” Priscilla murmured, offering a small, awkward smile. “I, er...I wanted to catch you before you left, um…” She dug in the pack she had slung over her shoulder, fishing out her own handworn mortar and pestle.

“I don’t know how long you’ll be gone, but, I wanted you to take this...y’know, in case yours breaks…”

Melina looked down at the little tool in the woman’s hands, before looking back up at her. Slowly, she took the mortar, nodding. “Thank you…” She said, her voice even and neat...careful.

Priscilla nodded as well, eyes still on Melina, though one could tell there was more she wanted to say. “Hey, Mel, listen...I-”

Just then, the door behind the pair swung open.

“Nng...M-Melina…” Orla stammered, leaning against the door frame with one leg bent over the over and her fists clenched by her side. “I-I’m sorry, but, is there anywhere else I can pee? I don’t- nn, I don’t think I can wait for the pot to be emptied…”

Priscilla cleared her throat, and Orla’s eyes widened as she realized there was someone else there. “O-Oh, I’m terribly sorry, I didn’t realise- I didn’t know that- please excuse me…” Orla stammered, her cheeks coloring a dark green.

Melina was quick to jump in. “Er, Pris, this is Orla, she... helped me get back home.” She murmured, choosing her words carefully with Khamina right around the corner. “Orla, this is Priscilla.”

Orla’s body was still cocked haphazardly, and her thighs still rubbed together as she forced herself to smile and extend her hand. “Oh! Priscilla… Melina told me so much about you when she was staying with us…”

“You mean when your Chief was holding her captive?” Priscilla reponds, her gaze lingering on the orc woman as she took her hand.

Orla’s smile falters, and Melina quickly clears her throat. “Pris…” She murmured, a bit of warning in her voice.

The girl ignored Melina, her gaze still locked on Orla. “Two weeks...two weeks where I didn’t know if my best friend was alive or not, and then two of you just waltz into our home and expect her to leave with you?”

“Pris.” Melina says, now glaring the chestnut-skinned woman down. “That’s enough. Orla, go on back inside, I’ll be in in a little bit...”

Orla nodded, still very much wanting to pee but wanting to avoid Priscilla’s scathing words even more. Casting one more apologetic look towards the pair, she ambled back into the cabin to suffer in silence until Melina had returned.

Melina waited a moment before turning back to Priscilla, her face hard. “...What the hell was that?”

Priscilla scowled, crossing her arms and averting her gaze. “I just don’t understand why you would willingly go cavorting off with the creatures who kidnapped you… you had to trick them just to get back, now you want to travel with them?”

Melina crossed her arms. “I told you, things didn’t stay that way. The Kh’raven aren’t evil, they’re just different. And Orla is even more different still...she’s the reason I got home. She’s my friend.”

“So am I.” Priscilla retorted, now glaring her friend down. “I thought you were dead, Mel… Do you know how it was for me? How I couldn’t sleep, I could hardly eat?”

Melina pressed the end of her tongue against her cheek, hands on her hips. “So what would you bid me do, then? Not embark on a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity because you’re afraid?”

“Of what could happen to you? Yes, I am!” Priscilla huffed back.

Melina set her jaw. “Still doesn’t give you any right to be unkind to Orla like that. If you’ve got a problem with me, have it with me. Leave her out of it.”

Priscilla eyes roving over Melina’s face, her lips trembling before she dropped her gaze, swallowing hard.

“Mel, I was so scared I’d lost you forever...and then you got back, and-and you’d barely even speak to me…now you’re running off, and leaving me again, and I know it’s your life, and I know things change, I just…”

When she looked up again, her eyes were wet. “...Please be careful..”

Melina nodded, swaying on the spot before taking a step forward and embracing the girl for the first time since she’d returned. “I will, I promise…”

Priscilla reciprocated almost immediately, a single tear running down her cheek. “I love you, Mel…” She whispered.

Despite Melina knowing full well what Priscilla meant, she couldn’t help the thrill that ran up her back at her words. “...Love you too, Pris…” she replied quietly.

The two stood like that for a moment longer before the door swung open behind them again, this time revealing Khamina.

“Oi, man-cub. This is touchin’ an’ all, but we gotta get on the road...and fast, Orla’s liable t’ burst any moment now…” She murmured, smirking at the whine of protest from within the cabin.

Melina swallowed, pulling back from Priscilla, her own eyes a bit misty. “I’ll tell you all about it when I get back, I promise…” She murmured, smiling.

Priscilla sniffled, wiping her eyes, but she smiled too, nodding at her friend before looking up at Khamina. “You look after her…” she told the orc, who only snorted in response.

“I ain’t finna let her get hurt, cutie. Now, come on, man-cub, we’re burnin’ daylight.”

~~

After a few last minute preparations, including tossing Khamina’s still-warm piss out into the grass and letting Orla finally drain herself into the now empty pot with a guttural sigh- though still only partway, Melina noticed-, the trio was seen off by the rest of the alchemists and Master Arwen. Khamina had insisted on taking Melina’s largest bags (“you’ll just slow us down carryin’ these”) in one hand and her battle-axe in the other, leaving Melina’s hands free for her own pack and a small gladius her Master had given her.

“Just in case things get dicey.” He’d told her while handing her the shortsword. “Now...Farewell and safe journey, young Melina!” The elderly man called as they started off down the path towards the forest.

Melina gave her fellow cabin-mates a wave, giving her home one last smile before turning towards the forest.

Orla, looking extremely relieved now, had elected to hold onto Melina’s arm as they walked, following Khamina’s lead as they entered the leafy undergrowth.

They walked in relative silence for a short while before Melina turned to Orla. “Oh, er...sorry about Pris, by the way…” She murmured. “She’s normally quite friendly…”

Orla shook her head, holding up a hand. “There’s no need… she was scared for her best friend, I understand her feelings...She just really cares about you.” She murmured, smiling gently.

Melina couldn’t help but smile herself, taken in by Orla’s warm optimism. “Yeah, guess I’m lucky...got two lovely lasses looking out for me…”

Orla giggled, her cheeks coloring somewhat, prompting a groan from Khamina. “Oy, would you two cut it out? All that sweetsap’s gonna make me hurl…” She muttered as she took a swig from her water skin before handing it back to Orla, who took it without a word and did the same.

Melina took notice of this exchanged, briefly wondering why she wasn’t offered any before taking a moment to look around. It was far different than the last time she’d been down this path; the forest floor was littered with fallen leaves, a sea of gold and vermillion and orange stretching as far as the eye could see. The quiet *shuff, shuff* of their feet through the brush was the most audible sound, stronger than even the errants gusts sweeping through the canopy to carry even more leaves down to their resting places on the mossy ground.

“I love this time of year…” Orla sighed, still smiling. “The scent of the falling leaves, chilly winds...and our bonfires are so lovely...it’s a shame things’ll be different this year…”

Melina frowns, looking at the orcess. “Will they? Why?”

“The place where the contest is held, it’s on an island sacred to orcs.” Orla replied. “Many believe it even has mystical properties. For one, autumn can’t reach it; It’s always warm. That’s why they hold the Contest there...no added cold to work its magic on an orcish bladder and influence the outcome of a match.” She added with a gentle cheekiness.

Melina blinked, fascinated by such a place. “And...the Contest has always been held there?”

“For as long as I can remember…” Orla murmured. “Though, that’s not saying much...it’s only happened once before in my lifetime, and I was quite little...I stayed behind with my father while my mother and the rest of the women made their way to the island…”

Melina frowned. “Your mother? Wait, is it...only women who go?” She asked, her heart giving a little flutter as she imagined an endless tide of desperate orc women.

Orla nodded. “Always has been. It’s the whole reason for the Endurance Matches, in fact; while the male chiefs of the orc tribes measure their strength in blood and battle...the Contest of Containment is a chance for the women to exhibit a similar strength.” She explained, taking another swig from the skin before handing it back to Khamina, who did the same.

Melina couldn’t help but think this sounded a bit...exclusionary, but the idea of buxom orcs descending from all over the land to willingly cork up their bladders all in the name of tradition and pride was enough to make her overlook such a detail.

“So, Khamina…” She called ahead to their guide. “How is Malash?” She asked, a bit of a suggestive grin splitting her features.

To her surprise, Khamina only snorted. “Who, that spit-fister?” She grumbled. “I thought she was a pain in my ass before she got made a Captain...been muscling in on my scouting parties, claimin’ the Chief wanted her to get more ‘field time at the helm’...She’ll just come trouncin’ in in the middle of my briefs, with that aggravating little grin of hers tellin’ me she’s been assigned as leader of me troupe for the night.” She growled. “And when I try t’ protest, she’ll just flex one of those fuckin’ bulgy biceps n’ tell me I’m more than welcome to wrestle her for it.”

She paused, her scowl persisting as she slowly, gently bit her lips. “Stupid, uppity little...Gods, I love her…” She breathed.

Both Melina and Orla shared a knowing grin, stifling chuckles. “So, you two have gotten pretty close, then?” Melina teases.

Khamina snorts again. “Sorta, I guess...Chief’s a lot more lax about lewd shit since you left, humie, but it’s not like we can drop trou and start fuckin’ right on the pitch…”

Melina blinked, surprised that that was even a consideration. “How...unfortunate…”

Khamina shrugs. “Is what it is. Just makes it that much more fun when she comes back from patrol…” She croons lustily.

Melina only chuckled again, turning back to Orla. “So, that’s happening...anything other significant changes?”

Orla turned to her, an unreadable expression on her face. “...You’ll see…” she murmured, in classic cryptic Orla fashion.

Melina felt a strange sense of foreboding from Orla’s words, but she didn’t press the issue… it’s not like she could turn back now, anyways.

The trio walked for the better part of a half hour, with Khamina striding forth with sureness of foot and Melina doing her best to both keep the Orc captain in sight and not leave Orla behind. They only ever stopped once, for Khamina to refill her giant waterskin, drain half of it down her gullet, and fill it again, only to hand it to Orla. Melina continued to peer between the two, confused as to why they were filling themselves with water despite their earlier fighting over her chamber pot, but she abstained from prying.

“Oi, you two, step it up.” Khamina barked over her shoulder after nearly fifteen more minutes. “Caravan’s leavin’ at dusk, and it ain’t waitin’ for you two leadfoots, so get a move on!”

Melina did her best to do as she was asked, grasping Orla’s hand and pulling her along as quickly as she thought was safe.

The sun made its autumnally abbreviated trip across the sky, and by the time Melina could make out the telltale palisades of the Kh’raven camp, it was already nearing the western horizon, causing the forest to be suffused with the reddish burn of late afternoon. Both Khamina and Orla had finished off the water skins, and both looked a bit more tense and short of step as they reached the large wooden gates.

It was strange...they’d filled Melina with terror the first time she’d seen them, and now, wreathed by the autumn leaves, there was only wonder and curiosity. Time really *did* have a way of changing perspective.

Khamina approached the gate, shouting up to the parapet guards in Orcish, just as she’d done the first time Melina had come here.

One of the guards shouted back a response, and after a beat of silence, the great gates slid open with a groan, opening the path to the rest of the encampment.

The first thing Melina noticed as they entered is that there were significantly more Orcs than last she’d been here...some tiny ones, running around and chasing eachother, playing and laughing...Children. Melina had never seen orc children before, they were quite cute...but further on, she saw some hulking figures attending to various chores.

With a gulp, Melina realized these must be the men.

If the female orcs were tall, the men were downright gargantuan. There wasn’t a single one under 7 feet tall, with broad, bare, green chests smattered with hair so thick they didn’t need clothing up top. Their legs were the size of tree trunks and easily as thick around, bulging with muscles underneath trousers of various animal hides. Their boots were leather, looking to be even sturdier than those the women wore, adorned with buckles and tassels and all manner of almost ironic frippery. Each arm bore muscles as big as Melina’s head, rippling aggressively under veiny green skin as they hoisted whole felled trees about like they were water pails.

Melina couldn’t help but stare as she passed by the jade behemoths. A couple turned to her, beady little eyes peering at her with an almost savage curiosity, though Melina’s eyes were drawn mostly to the monstrous tusks jutting out of their square jaws, each one as long as a dinner knife and twice as thick. Their hairstyles seemed similar to the women’s, with the most common being a long, running braid connected to a full scalp of hair, or a single pony tail jutting up from an otherwise bald cranium.

Amongst them, even Khamina looked somewhat puny. They didn’t say anything as the trio passed by, but Melina heard a few deep, throaty mutters in Orcish, followed by booming laughter.

At the other end of the pitch stood a crowd Melina was more familiar with...it was mostly women, and even from here she recognized a few of them...Ghora, Ognild, Mazog, Kasha, and a host of others.

Standing apart from them were two more orcs. The one closest to the group, just as regal and lovely as the last time Melina had seen her, was Chief Urza. She was clad in her own trousers, with a ceremonial loincloth draped over it that very nicely hid her...extra endowment. She wore a tunic, with her Chief’s necklace draped over her expansive bosom, a spear in one hand and the other on her hip. Next to her, standing nearly a full head taller, was who Melina assumed had to be her husband.

He was easily the biggest orc in the camp, clad only in trousers and roughhewn loincloth like his wife. On his left arm was a steel gauntlet connected to a pauldron, in a shape that looked so outlandish it had to have been custom made. Each of his pointy ears was pierced with three gold rings, and there were gold bands round each of his tusks, as well. He looked up as Orla, Khamina and Melina approached, causing Urza and the rest of the assembled orcish women to turn as well.

Melina felt her knees knock as she met the burly orc-Chief’s gaze, which she quickly averted.

Khamina strode right up to the two Orcish Monarchs, thumping a hand across her chest. “Chief Agroth…” She murmured. “Chieftess Urza…”

Agroth snorted, steam billowing from his nostrils as he nodded. His gaze shifted back to Melina, now standing somewhat behind Khamina. “Is this the one?” He muttered in a deep, resonant baritone that Melina could feel in her chest. “Is this the hairless man-cub that bested my wife in her Endurance Match?”

Urza pursed her lips. “...Yes, my lord…” She murmured gently. Agroth snorted again, breaking away from his wife and stepping over right in front of Melina, towering over her so much he was simply a hulking silhouette against the setting sun, save for his brilliant green eyes. Melina looked up at him, swallowing; for the first time since agreeing to come, Melina felt she may have made a mistake.

The Chief regarded the young woman curiously, reaching up to scratch a burly shoulder. Suddenly, without warning, the man busted out laughing...a great, booming laugh that echoed through the entire camp. “Hahaha yes! Must be strong, to have outlasted even my fearsome Chieftess!” He cackled, grinning down at Urza...despite his bluster and bravado, there was a genuine affection in his eyes as he gazed upon his wife, in a manner that almost made Melina’s heart melt. “Hmm… Many questions for you, the rest will have, I reckon.” He chuckled, looking down at her. “So puny and yet victorious…’tis quite a sight. You travel with the rest of the womenfolk to the Contest, yes?”

Melina swallowed again. “Y-yes, my lord…” She squeaked out, trying with all her might to keep herself from trembling.

Agroth nodded. “You train like them?” He murmured, pointing to the crowd of women. “No woman in compound has made water since early yesterday morning…”

Melina turned her eyes towards the crowd, as if just now noticing the tension on each woman’s face, not to mention the noticeable bulge each abdomen.

Melina slowly brought her gaze back to the Chief’s. “W-well, no sir, I...well, I thought-”

The Chief held up a hand. “No need tell me of woman problems, man-cub.” He interrupted. “Save those for lady- journey, while the men do real work, hahah!” He bellowed, thumping his chest and earning a cheer from the rest of his male compatriots.

Melina watched as the Chief lumbered over towards them, brandishing his axe to a multitude of cheers.

The Chief sighed gently, turning to the girl. “Welcome back, young Melina…” She murmured. “I’m glad you’ve decided to join us. I know you must have questions, but you’ll need to save them for the road; we’re behind as it is. Ognild, Ghora!” She called, and Melina recognized the two orcs from the first scouting party approach, each giving her a smirk of recognition as they approached their Chief, though they too appeared to be unable to stand still as their bladders bulged against their trouser waistbands.

“Take our guests’ belongings to the luggage carriage...the rest of you! Form up, get ready to march!”

Melina blinked, watching the orc women disperse and head towards the southern gate of the compound. “March? We...wait, we’re gonna *walk*?” She exclaimed incredulously, looking up at Khamina.

“What’s wrong, man-cub?” Came a familiar voice as Malash sidled up, sneering down at Melina. “Don’t tell me yer afraid of a little manual labor? Yeh held it in till even our Chief pissed herself, and yeh’re worried about a walk? Pathetic.” She huffed, crossing her arms, though her grin didn’t dissipate, and her gaze had a tinge of affection to it, rather than just the cold derision Melina was used to from the woman.

“Oi.” Khamina huffed, glaring at Malash. “Chief said to form up, get in line.”

Malash simply raised her lidded gaze towards Khamina. “Oh, m’ sorry, did yeh forget yeh can’t tell me what to do any more?” She teased, a shit-eating grin on her face.

Khamina’s stony visage held, though Melina could tell she was trying not to smile. “Just get in formation, and I won’t deck the piss outta yeh.”

Malash merely chuckled. “Promises, promises…” She murmured, before looking back down at Melina. “See yeh at the Caravan, man-cub…” She chuckled, sauntering off...but not before delivering a reverberating *smack* to Khamina’s ass on her way past.

“...Dammit…” Khamina muttered shakily. “She really knows how to work me…” She muttered, striding after her co-captain-turned-lover.

Melina watched her go, turning back to Orla. “We’re not...actually walking the whole way, right?”

Orla giggled. “No, just out the gate to the caravan...it’ll be a few hours’ journey to the boats. Come on, we don’t wanna get left behind!” She called, beckoning to Melina to follow as she skipped off after her sisters-in-arms, able to move freely now that she was back in familiar territory.

Melina pursed her lips, glancing over her shoulder at the big, burly male orcs now peering at her, kids peeking out from around their legs.

Swallowing, Melina quickly turned back around, hurrying to catch up with the rest of the woman orcs.

TO BE CONTINUED...
