Maternal Responsibility Act

Author: Fuchsa9073

*000*2021-04-15 04:14

Erica Campbell looked at the email for the 4th time in as many minutes.

Your daughter, Grace Campbell, has been referred to the Discipline Office for a violation of Section H of the Student Conduct Code. She has been assigned punishments that include after school detention for 4 hours, a written appology to her peers, and one month of reduced privleges.

The Maternal Responsibility Act requires you to attend a review hearing at 7pm this evening. This review hearing will be conducted by the PTA Conduct Committee. You and Grace are both required to testify at this hearing.

Grace's after school detention will be served today from 3pm to 7pm. She will be released from detention at the time of her testimony.

The Maternal Responsibility Act had been touted as a way to reduce the amount of crime being committed by young people. Under the Act any misconduct by a person under the age of 30 required the offender's mother to attend a hearing to determine if she was partially responsible. The mother could be found responsible if there was evidence that she had not properly disciplined her child while they were growing up. The Act applied to various offenses including school discipline infractions, traffic offenses, and criminal matters. Traffic and criminal offenses required the offender's mother to appear in court, infractions at school or college were handled by the school system. The PTA Conduct Committee often sanctioned irresponsible mothers in a manner similar to how student may be disciplined by the school. The school system allowed corporal punishment for students and the Conduct Committee often used it for mothers as well.

Grace was a very well behaved high school senior. Erica wondered why her 18 year old daughter was being punished. Erica went to the school website to find a copy of the Student Conduct Code.

Section H - Student Hygiene: All students must maintain personal cleanliness at all times. Students shall be subject to discipline for failure to maintain control of bodily functions.

Had Grace wet her pants? The email notification was vague and left Erica wondering about her daughter's plight.

Erica spent the afternoon unable to focus. She wondered exactly what Grace had done. Did it happen in class? Had her friends seen it? Had she been denied permission to go during class? What if it wasn't wet pants; if not, what else could it be? If it was wet pants, why hadn't Erica been called to bring her dry clothes?

Erica was also concerned about her review hearing that evening. Erica had been a vocal proponent of the Maternal Responsibility Act when it was first enacted 6 months ago. Erica was aware that her support of the Act might make for juicy gossip if she was found in violation of it.

Maternal Responsibility Act hearings were open to the public. Erica had attended several public hearings after the law was enacted, so she knew it would be a humbling experience even if she was cleared of responsibility. She shuddered to think of the potential humiliation she might endure if she was found responsible for her daughter's behavior.

At 6:55pm Erica entered the small auditorium being used for the review hearing. She was escorted to the right side of the stage where she was told to stand in line with the 4 other mothers who had to appear before the PTA Conduct Committee. The 5 person committee was seated at a long table in the middle of the stage. The small auditorium held approximately 75 seats for spectators, Erica's stomach flip-flopped as she realized it was a standing room only crowd.

At 7pm the students who were required to testify at their mothers hearings were led to the left side of the stage. Erica begin to tear up as she saw Grace walk-in. Her fear was confirmed; Grace's jeans had a large dark stain in the crotch and dark streaks running down the inside of each leg. When Grace made a slight turn her mother saw that her butt was as soaked as her front.

The chairwoman of the PTA Conduct Committee called the hearing to order then read the docket alloud:

Cathy Blake, age 41. Daughter Penny violated Section B-Unexused Abscence.

Sarah Kennedy, age 43. Son Kevin violated Section C-3rd Tardy.

Diane Abrahms, age 38. Daughter Hallie violated Section C-2nd Tardy.

Laura Jonson, age 36. Daughter Jessica violated Section F-Overdue Library book.

Erica Campbell, age 42. Daughter Grace violated Section H-Urinated in her pants.

The spectators chuckled when the last offense was read aloud. Erica saw Grace's face turn beet red with embarassment as her shame was publicly announced.

Erica tuned out the chairwoman as the first case was called, she kept looking across the stage at her daughter. Grace was was staring at the floor as she fidgeted. Erica could see she was biting her lower lip and sniffling in an attempt to hold off crying. Erica's mind raced as she wondered about the emotions Grace must be feeling. Was it just embarrassment, did she feel guilty, was she angry? Without knowing what had led to Grace's accident it was impossible for Erica to imagine what was going through her daughter's mind.

Erica's eyes kept focusing on the dark stains on Grace's pants. What does it feel like she wondered. The discipline notice had been emailed 6 hours ago, what must it be like to have that wet denim clinging to her legs for that long! The damp fabric must be cold by now, did it itch?

Tardies and unexcused absences were routine business for the PTA Conduct Committee so the first 4 hearings were over quickly. The Conduct Committee found Cathy Blake partially responsible for Penny's unexcused absence and sanctioned Cathy to 10 swats of corporal punishment and 3 hours community service to the school. Sarah Kenedy was sanctioned 8 swats of corporal punishment and 2 hours community service for Kevin's tardiness. Dianne Abrahms was sanctioned 6 swats of corporal punishment and 1 hour community service for Hallie's tardiness. Laura Jonson was relieved to be sanctioned with only an hour of community service to the school for Jessica's overdue book; she was thankful to have been spared corporal punishment.

The chairwoman called a start to Erica's hearing. Erica was lead from the side of the stage the very middle, standing in front of the Conduct Committee. She couldn't see the audience from this position, she suspected that several spectators were probably checking out her butt. Erica knew that for her age she had a good figure and she was quite proud of it. Today she was a little embarrassed knowing there were probably a several creepy dads in the audience hoping to see her butt get spanked.

"The purpose of this hearing is to determine the level of responsibility you face for your daughters misbehavior in school today. In order to adequately determine your level of responsibility, and any appropriate sanctions, we must ask several questions of you and Grace" the chairwoman explained.

"How old is Grace?

"18" Erica replied.

"At what age did you begin to toilet train Grace?"

"Um, around 2."

"Did she have any accidents?"

"I guess there were one or two" replied Erica. I mean all kids have a few."

"How did you handle them?"

"Ah, I guess I cleaned her up and gave her dry pants."

"At what ages did Grace wet herself?"

" I don't know exactly. Probably one or two times before she was in school and then one time in elementary school. "

"Any accidents since she became a teenager?"

Erica didn't want to answer this question but she knew she could be charged with perjury if she lied during a hearing for the Maternal Responsibility Act. She felt conflicted as she replied, "Just a small one a few weeks ago. I don't think it was a big deal. Grace laughed a little too hard and some leaked out."

"I see" said the chairwoman." How did you handle her wetting?"

"Well, uh, Grace took a shower while I put her pants in the wash. That was the extent of it. It's something that could have happened to anyone."

"Speaking of it happening to anyone..." continued the chairwoman..." let's move on the examples you may have set for your daughter. How many times have you wet yourself since being toilet trained?"

Erica was stunned for a brief moment. "Uh, only a couple" she stammered. "I mean once in college when I was pretty drunk, I really don't have any recollection of it, I just know my friends teased me about it for a couple of weeks. The only other time was a few years ago."

The chairwoman's harsh stare was the only prompt Erica needed to continue. "It was 3 years ago. I had to go at the end of the work day, I thought I could make it home. Traffic was worse than normal and it took a lot longer to get home. I could barely move my foot from the gas pedal to the brake without losing control. By the time I got out of my car I could feel a spurt leak into my underwear. I was squirming at the door trying to get my key in the lock. I had to go so bad that it took three tries to unlock the door. As soon as I stepped inside I just lost all control."

"Was anyone home? Did Grace know you wet your pants?" Inquired the chairwoman.

"Yes." Erica admitted. "Grace was standing there, she watched the whole thing. Afterward I went to the bathroom to clean myself up, later I had to mop the floor. Neither of us said anything. For about a week afterward Grace giggled every time she looked at me."

The chairwoman called Grace forward to testify. Grace trudged gingerly across the stage as the saturated denim clung to her legs. "Before we begin with questions, I am obligated to read a brief description of your offense into the record."

'The Violation Report from 5th period Algebra, indicates that Grace was fidgeting and squirming in her seat as Mr. Swanson lectured. Mr. Swanson reported other students had difficulty paying attention to the lesson because Grace's fidgeting was so distracting. Mr. Swanson indicated that Grace made no attempt to request a restroom pass before the lecture began. The Violation Report goes on to say that after the lecture a quiz was handed out. Grace stood up partway through the quiz and walked toward Mr. Swanson's desk. As she got to his desk Grace let out an audible gasp and Mr. Swanson could see urine running down her legs. Grace left a puddle of urine on the floor and her jeans were soaked.' The chairwoman looked at Grace with a mixture of disgust and pity.

This was the first description Erica heard of Grace's accident. Erica felt her stomach drop as she heard the details of Grace's humiliation . She felt horrified that her daughter had wet herself in front of her peers. She felt angry that Grace was still wearing her wet jeans; she wanted to know why she hadn't been called to bring Grace home for the rest of the day (or at least bring her dry pants).

"We are not here to discuss your punishment." The chairwoman explained to Grace. "The school has already taken appropriate action against you. Today we are determining if your mother bears any responsibility for your actions. If your mother is found to be partly responsible for your misbehavior then appropriate sanctions will be applied.

"Grace, you heard your mother's testimony about your prior toilet training and prior wetting. Was your mother's testimony accurate? Is it true that at no time have you ever been punished or scolded for wetting yourself? Is it true that your mother never engaged you in remedial toilet training?"

Grace look at the floor as she nodded and said "Yes, ma'am. It's all true."

"We would like some additional information about your most recent wetting; prior to today's incident. We need you to provide us with a detailed description of what occurred and how the matter was handled by your mother. "

Grace sighed as she began, "We were in the backyard with my cousins when one of them told a hilarious story. I was standing on the patio and bent over laughing. I laughed so hard I had a hard time breathing... and then I just....felt it happen. My leggings felt really warm between my legs, I looked down and realized that I wet myself a bit. I didn't completely empty my bladder like I did today. It was just enough to put a 6 inch stain in my crotch and wet a couple inches down each thigh. As my cousins we're laughing and pointing at me I ran into the bathroom. I pulled my leggings down and finished in the toilet. I put my dirty leggings in the hamper then took a shower.

"By the time I was done showering," Grace continued, "mom had already put my leggings and underwear in the washing machine. It's never been brought up since then...until now."

"Describe any times you have seen your mother wet her pants."

Grace paused for a moment before saying "I've only seen it happen the one time she already told you about. I was sitting in the living room when I heard her fumbling with the key in the lock. When she opened the door she was taking super tiny steps with her legs half crossed. She dropped her keys and stuck her hand between her legs and began to groan. A moment later I saw her jeans start to turn dark between her legs. She peed, and peed, and peed, and peed; it kept running down her legs and on to the floor. I think she probably wrecked her shoes. Her pants looked like mine do now.

"She ran upstairs to shower and when she came back she was wearing clean pants and carrying the mop. We never spoke about it after" finished Grace.

The chairwoman sent Grace back to her place on the side of the auditorium as the PTA Conduct Committee whispered amongst themselves.

Erica was nervous as the chairwoman addressed her. "The Conduct Committee has determined that under the Maternal Responsibility Act you are partially responsible for Grace's misconduct today. Urinating in one's pants is unhygienic, particularly in a public setting like a school. Your failure to adequately convey that message to Grace is unacceptable.

"The committee feels that you should have taken Grace's childhood accidents more seriously. It was irresponsible of you not to use them as an opportunity to educate her on the importance a bladder control.

"We further feel the example you set an a mother was irresponsible. When you faced no consequences after wetting yourself, it likely impacted Grace's view that lack of bladder control is acceptable.

"We feel your lack of consequences for Grace's wetting a few weeks ago was irresponsible. If you had imposed remedial toilet training, or some form of discipline, Grace would likely have taken actiins to avoid urinating in her pants today.

"The Conduct Committee has decided to sanction you with 30 swats of corporal punishment and 20 hours of community service to the school.

"The corporal punishment will be carried out at 3p.m. Saturday afternoon at the PTA barbeque. We believe by making an example of you in front of your peers, it will help all the mothers in attendance to understand the importance of responsible parenting.

"Your community service will be spent assisting in the school nurses office for 1 hour each day for the next 20 school-days. There are several students who, for a variety of reasons, wear diapers. Your community service will be to conduct the diaper changes so the nurse is free for other duties."

The chairwoman babbled on a little longer before closing the hearing, but Erica had stopped listening. Her brain was in turmoil with mixed emotions. Erica was trying to wrap her head around her sanctions. She didn't mind helping the nurse, but she certainly dreaded the upcoming corporal punishment.

As soon as she was dismissed Erica ran to Grace. She wanted to hug and comfort her daughter! Grace and Erica cried as they finally embraced. "I'm sorry you had a rough day" Erica said as they walked to the car. "Let's go home so you can get cleaned up. We can talk about it after you've had a long shower."

*005*2021-05-09 13:17

The car ride home began in akward silence. Erica kept looking at Grace hoping for some type of signal that she was ready to talk, each glance only revealed her daughter staring at the wet stains on her pants. Finally Erica heard a timid voice.

"I'm sorry mom. I didn't mean for this to happen. I feel terrible that you got in trouble because of me."

"I'll be ok" replied Erica. "I don't mind having a little community service."

"But the paddling! Why were they so harsh? Your punishment is way worse than mine! I'm the one who pissed myself, I don't understand why you have to be punished, too."

"Well," answered Erica. "I'm a strong believer in the Maternal Responsibility Act, I encouraged a lot of people to vote for it during the referendum. Now that the Act is in place, I've been going to many of the hearings and I've attended several of the Saturday sessions where errant mother's recieve their sanctions. I haven't always been very understanding of infractions and I've spoken my mind. I suspect the PTA Conduct Committee sees this as a chance make an example out of me."

Erica continued, "I have watched dozens of mothers take a paddling as part of their sanctions. The women who are given fewer than 15 swats don't seem to have an issue, but the ones who get more than 15 swats are prone to some incontinence. I don't know if it's the pain or the pressure on the bladder from being bent over, but nearly half wet themselves sometime after the 15th swat. By sanctioning me to 30 swats they are trying to make sure I pee my pants in front of everyone. It's an attempt to make the punishment fit the crime."

"That's awful" exclaimed Grace! "

"The first time I saw it happen was five months ago when Emily Harrison was given 20 swats after her son Jimmy got into a fight. Right after the 18th swat a dark patch started to show on the lower part of her butt, pretty soon you could see the wetness creeping down both of her thighs. The stain was more on the inside of her thighs to start with, as it got to her knees it shot to the back of her calves and then started to trickle out from the ankles and made a puddle where she was standing. After a few moments I looked around at the crowd and realized most of us were squirming around in sympathy with her. The sympathy didn't last long, within an hour a few of us had posted pictures of her or put a description on social media." Erica sighed, "Now I guess it's time to reap what I've sown."

"Would the committee have been lenient if you had punished me for my last accident?" Grace looked at her mom, "Would you have gotten just community service?"

Erica thought for a moment. "I'm sure a paddling would still be in my future. I might have gotten fewer strokes if you had been punished last time."

Grace was quiet for a minute before asking her next question. "How bad will it be for you, if I get in trouble again?"

"It will depend on what you do to get in trouble. If it is a completely unrelated minor offense I'll probably get some mild sanctions, if you wet yourself again the sanctions for me will be worse." Erica looked quizically at her daughter. "Why? Are you expecting more problems?"

"Um, kinda." Grace blushed as she explained, "As part of my punishment from the school I have had my restroom priveleges restricted for a month. I'm only allowed to use the bathroom at school two times per week. The principal said it is supposed to help me strengthen my bladder so I don't have anymore accidents. I think the real reaon is to keep embarassing me by making me squirm in front of my classmates every day.

"I'm pretty worried that I'll have another accident at school. I know the principal will not be pleased if I'm sent to the office in wet pants again. I bet the PTA will be pretty mad if you have to appear again because I've pissed myself at school for a second time." Grace's voice stuttered, "Wi...wi...will you have to punish me severely for today's accident, in order to gain leniency during your next hearing?"

"Any punishment I give you today would certainly help me in any future case; the mother of a repeat offender receives no sympathy when sanctions are handed down. I hadn't given it any thought until you brought it up.

"I am not sure what punishment is appropriate for an 18 year old who peed her pants." Erica said. "Do you have any punishment suggestions?"

Grace shook her head. "The school is already punishing me, so part of me feels like I don't need anymore punishment. I feel really bad that you are being held responsible for my mistake, so the other part of me feels like I deserve something pretty harsh to make up for putting you in a bad spot."

Erica looked at her daughter again, she could see Grace nervously biting her lower lip as she waited to be told her punishment. Erica told her "We still have 15 minutes before we get home. Why don't you grab your phone and start Googling what punishments other young women have been given for wetting themselves. When we get home you can tell me what you find."

As Grace sat in the passenger seat researching her future discipline, Erica's mind raced. If Grace was under bathroom restrictions at school she was sure to have another accident. A second appearance under the Act usually meant thorough questioning regarding the discipline that was taken after the first incident. Erica wanted to be lenient with Grace but she knew it would mean harsher sanctions for herself. Erica was already going to receive a substantial paddling for a first offense. She knew her butt couldn't handle a second paddling that was sure to be even more severe than the one she already had coming. A conflicted Erica made up her mind that Grace would have to suffer a punishment that might appease the PTA Conduct Committee.

When they finally arrived home, Erica broke the news to her daughter. "I know you want nothing more then a hot shower and clean clothes right now, but I think we need to discuss your punishment before I let you out of those wet jeans." Erica led Grace to the middle of the living room. Erica sat on the couch and looked at Grace as her daughter stood before her. "Why don't you tell me about some of the possible punishments you looked up."

Grace fidgeted and shuffled her feet as she recounted her research. "Some of the punishments were pretty basic, you know just being grounded or something like that. Some kids had to scrub toilets as punishment, some were spanked, and some had to stand in the corner. Most of the kids got to clean themselves up before the punishment, but a few had to stay in wet clothes until the punishment was over. I found a few teens were made to wear diapers after an accident, others had to sit on the toilet for a certain length of time, others had to keep a log of their toileting (kind of like a little kid's potty chart, just more humiliating). Most had to wash their own dirty laundry, a few were made to scrub the wet pants and underwear by hand instead of using the washing machine. I found a few stories about teens who had to put the wet underwear on their head and face as part of the punishment. Smelling your accident, that seems like the worst one!"

"Which punishment was the most common?" Erica inquired.

"Grounding and being spanked with a belt were by far the most common." Grace shuddered a little as she admitted that belting was a likely penalty. "It seems that most parents use more than one punishment at the same time. I caused a lot of trouble for you so I'm guessing I'll be getting multiple punishments."

Erica gave her daughter a serious look. "I know the school punished you, but I am receiving some sanctions far worse than what you are receiving. I think the punishment here at home needs to reflect the gravity of the sanctions that I am facing for your actions. You are right to assume you are getting multiple punishments. You will receive three punishments. I will pick two of them, you will choose one for yourself."

Grace felt her stomach do flip flops as she waited for her mom to tell her the final verdict.

"I like the idea of making you scrub your pants by hand." said Erica. "Now, you tell me your punishment choice before I tell you the third."

Grace swallowed hard before speaking. "I choose to sit on the toilet for an hour each night after supper. Is two weeks long enough?"

Erica nodded her head in agreement. "Two weeks is acceptable."

Erica paused before announcing the third punishment. "I think the PTA Conduct Committee would be pleased if we had hard data in case of a repeat offense. Your third punishment is to keep a log of all toileting. We will make you do a potty chart for one month. The chart will begin today. Make sure to put a frowny face when you write on the chart that you peed in your pants instead of the toilet."

Grace had been sure a belt spanking was coming her way. She was so thankful to avoid a spanking that she ran to her mother and gave her a big hug. "Thank you! I can't believe you aren't spanking me. I really am sorry! I love you, mom."

"I love you too." Erica began to lead Grace to the bathroom. "It's getting late and you still have to clean up before bed. We can finish talking about this as you scrub your jeans and panties."

*008*2021-05-11 06:16

Erica led Grace to the bathtub. "Put some water in the tub and use that to scrub your clothes. I'll stay here with you until you are done scrubbing. You may take a shower after your pants and underwear are clean."

"Yes ma'am." Grace slipped off her shoes, then looked at them with a confused expression on her face. "It ran down my legs and into my shoes, how do I clean those?"

"Put them in the tub to soak while you scrub the rest of your things" answered Erica.

Grace plopped her shoes in the tub then peeled off her damp socks and set them on the floor. The white socks were visibly stained yellow from being saturated in urine for the past several hours.

Grace struggled when she tried to pull down her jeans. The wet denim clung to her thighs and would only come off by peeling them down. The smell of stale urine fillled the room as Grace peeled off her pants and place them next to her socks. Grace blushed as her mother's nose wrinkled at the odor.

Her previously white panties had to be peeled down her legs as well. The yellow crotch was a stark contrast to the white fabric at the waistband of her underwear. Grace knelt by the tub and began to swish the stained panties in the water.

Erica watched her daughter silently knealing by the tub with her pissy pants sitting on the floor. She glanced at Grace's bare lower half and saw a mild redness on her lower butt and the inside of her thighs. Even though her daughter had been toilet trained for many years, Erica still recognized the sight of a diaper rash. How uncofortable it must have been, to be left in wet pants so long that a rash formed.

"I realize we talked about your punishments, but we haven't talked about the offense." Erica gave her daughter an inquisitive look. "I think I should hear what led to this point."

"It really was an accident, mom. I just waited too long, by the time I realized I couldn't make it to the end of class it was too late." Grace wrung out her panties and held them up. "Is this good enough?"

Erica peered at her daughter's underwear then shook her head. "No dear, there's still yellow on them. You can't just swirl them in the water, you need to actually scrub the stains out. Now, tell me exactly what happened. "

Grace reached back into the water and began to scrub in earnest as she continued her story. "I was busy talking to Ashley at lunch and didn't have time to use the restroom before Algebra. I was so focused on holding myself that I didn't hear much of what Mr. Swanson said. I didn't realize everyone was watching me until the principal showed me the Violation Report later; I guess I was pretty much doing a seated version of the potty dance."

Grace held up her panties again. Erica nodded and said, "That's good enough, you can do your jeans now. Just hang those on the shower rod to dry."

"We were taking a quiz" Grace continued, "but I couldn't read even a single question. I felt a spurt leak out into my underwear and I decided I better ask for a restroom pass. I tried walking to Mr. Swanson's desk but I had to squeeze my legs together and I could barely walk. When I finally got to the front of the room it just happened!"

Grace paused while she scrubbed the legs of her pants. "I felt a rush of warmth between my legs; and then I heard it! The sound of dripping on the floor was followed by the class starting to giggle. Mr. Swanson told Ashley to take me to the nurse, she was so surprised she didn't say anything. Ashley just shook her head in disbelief then grabbed my arm and drug me to the nurses office."

Erica looked over Grace's shoulder. "That's probably enough on the legs of those pants, but you'll need to do a better job in the crotch."

"Sure mom. So, anyway, when we got to the nurse's office Ashley pushed me into the office then left me without saying anything. I assumed the nurse would call you to come get me; I was mortified when she told me that because my accident wasn't due to a medical condition I was being referred to the principal for discipline."

"The principal lectured me about 'self control', 'proper planning', and some other stuff I didn't pay attention to. I do remember being told that a second infraction earns a mandatory paddling. I was taken to the detention room early because it wasn't 'sanitary' to send me back to class. I was made to stand in the corner instead of sitting in a chair because no one wanted to clean a chair after detention was over. As other kids came in for detention I could hear them chuckle when they saw me standing in the front corner."

Grace held up her jeans for inspection, her mother nodded in approval. After hanging her jeans next to her panties, Grace began to scrub her socks as she continued relating her ordeal.

"After a few hours I had to pee again. I held it for a little while but then I decided there was no reason to be uncomfortable with both a full bladder and wet pants. I peed again, this time real slow so my jeans would soak it all up and not make a puddle on the floor."

"I felt so bad when I was led into your hearing. Seeing you and those other moms getting in trouble for something you had no control over, that just baffles me."

Grace wrung out her socks and held them up. Erica pointed to the shower rod and Grace hung them up as well. "Just my sneakers left, how do I scrub them?"

"I'm not sure there is a good way to clean them. Hopefully soaking them in the tub will dilute the urine enough that they don't smell too bad. Just let them air dry, hopefully they won't still smell like pee later." Erica pullled the drain plug and let out the dirty water. "You may take a shower now."

After her mother left her alone in the bathroom, Grace stepped into the hot shower. Even if she could scrub the urine off her legs, Grace knew there was no scrubbing her humiliation from her memory.

*011*2021-05-12 07:44

Erica handed Grace a notebook at breakfast the next morning. "This can be used for your toilet log."

Grace sighed as she took the pen and made her entry:

Wednesday:

6:30am: Pee and poop in toilet at home.

1pm: Pee in pants at school.

9pm: Pee in toilet at home.

Thursday:

6:30am: Pee and poop in toilet at home

Grace slid the notebook to her mom. "Is this what you want?"

After looking at it Erica passed it back. "Don't forget that you peed in your pants again in detention."

Grace scribbled in the additional entry (blushing as she wrote in her second accident of yesterday).

4pm: Pee in pants in detention.

"I know you are restricted to only two times using the toilet per week at school. Since your accident happened in the middle of the week do you still have two toilet trips available this week?" asked Erica.

"Um, the principal didn't specify" answered Grace. "I sure hope I have two available. I'm super nervous about having entire school days without a restroom break."

"We should probably discuss what happens if you have another accident" Erica said. "The school will obviously punish you. Then I'll have another hearing for the Maternal Responsibility Act. At the hearing I'll tell them about your punishment; they'll probably want to know if you were warned about repeat offenses. I feel like we should decide what will be the next punishment. I can tell the PTA Conduct Committee that you knew what was coming; that's probably the only way I might gain leniency on my sanctions."

Grace replied "I assume I'll get the same punishments as the first time, just longer with the toilet sitting and toilet log."

"That probably isn't severe enough for a second punishment." Erica looked her daughter in the eyes. "I think a second offense will require one of the two punishments you really wanted to avoid."

Grace squirmed in her seat as she heard the proposed consequences for a second accident. "Please don't! Both punishments sounded horrible when I read about them. Smelling my wet underwear or being spanked, they both seem so harsh!"

"My initial thought was the spanking, but if the accident happens at school you will be paddled by the principal" Erica said. "Do you think your butt could handle a spanking at home after getting one at school?"

Grace nodded her head. "I'll take the spanking, even if it's with a belt. The alternative is so disgusting! Hopefully it won't happen again, but if it does, I want the spanking."

Erica agreed with Grace. "It is all settled then. We both know what to expect if there is another incident."

As Grace finished her breakfast her mother offered her a second glass of orange juice. "No way! In case I can't use the school restroom I don't want anything extra in my bladder. "

###

When Grace got home from school that afternoon she rushed into the house. She was obviously squeezing her legs together as she rushed to the bathroom. When she came out a few minute later Erica was pleased to see that Grace's leggings looked dry.

"The pricipal said my toilet restrictions include two restroom trips with what is left of this week" Grace explained. "I went once at school today. I wanted to go a second time but I need to save my last pass for tomorrow. Even though I had to pee pretty bad by the end of the day I knew I'd make it home dry."

"I'm glad you made it honey." Erica handed Grace the notebook. "Better log your last couple bathroom trips."

As Grace filled in her log she recounted her day to her mom. "I thought there would be more teasing. Ashley tried really hard to make up for being so wierd about it yesterday. No one else said anything at all to me about it, but I'm sure a lot was said behind my back."

"What about the appology to the class?" her mom asked.

"Yeah, that was humiliating. I had to stand in front of the class and say I was sorry for being a distraction yesterday. I couldn't look at them, I just stared at the floor. Mr. Swanson was good about it; it was supposed to be a written appology for me to read out loud, but he let me just mumble my appology then go sit down. I was worried he'd make me give a five minute speech or something, but it was done in 30 seconds. I didn't even have to say the phrase 'peed my pants', so I guess I got off easy."

"Sooo..." after an akward pause Grace looked at her mom..."I want to thank you for being so straightforward last night and this morning when you decided my punishments. I know you are getting it even worse than me, and I feel bad about that. You risk a substantial punishment if you have to appear before the PTA Conduct Committee again, you've been honest with me about that. I appreciate that you discussed it all with me. I understand that with the Maternal Responsibility Act you have to be pretty harsh with discipline. I just want you to know it means a lit to me. I love you, mom!"

"I love you too, Grace!"

*016*2021-05-21 07:55

Erica gave her daughter a quick hug before getting out of the car. Their steps were slow as they walked to the registration table at the PTA BBQ. Erica had hoped that Grace could stay home, but the Maternal Responsibility Act required the misbehaving child to attend any public sanctions their mother had been given. The framers of the Act hoped that watching their mother suffer would prevent re-offending.

Both women knew the fate that awaited Erica this afternoon. Erica was filled with dread and Grace was filled with guilt as the PTA volunteer escorted them to the appropriate waiting areas. Grace was led to a roped off area to the left of a small stage and Erica was led to a similar area on the right.

Erica sat with 16 other moms who were being sanctioned with corporal punishment after being found partially responsible for their children's misbehavior at school that week. Many were only receiving a few swats; Erica knew her 25 swats were the most for any mother this week.

Paddlings were to begin at 11am and be given ever 15 minutes until all the mother's had been publicly sanctioned. Erica was to be the last mother paddled at the BBQ.

The 17 moms sat uncofortably on folding chairs as the crowds arrived for the BBQ. There was record turnout for this years BBQ fundraiser, no doubt the attendance was boosted by the popularity of watching public punishments. Erica grimaced a little as she recognized a few of the creepier men from town walking through the crowd. She knew they were just here to ogle the butts of the women being bent over for paddling.

Grace sat with her 16 fellow trouble makers. Some of them had committed pretty minor offenses; Kassidy and Beth had been caught passing notes so their moms were to get 3 swats each, Jackson didn't properly clean his tray in the cafeteria so his mom is to get 5 swats, and Jessica's mom is to get 5 swats because Jessica was caught running in the hallway. A few of her peers had some serious infractions; Jeff and Sam's mothers were to get 20 swats because the boys had been in a fight, and Darci's mom is to get 20 swats because she was bullying a girl in the locker room. Grace felt ashamed that her offense, although not as serious, was very embarassing and would cost her mom 25 swats.

It was a hot day so the PTA volunteer handed bottles of water to the moms, and misbehaving students. Grace was greatful for the refreshment.

At 11am sharp, Lisa Tock was led to the stage and given 3 quick swats on her bottom. Grace had never seen a paddling before so she watched closely as Beth's mom gave a gasp with each swat. At 11:15, Grace watched the crowd's reaction as Kassidy's mom was given her punishment. Grace was appalled to see how the dads and teen boys leered at the helpless mom who's butt was on display to the whole crowd.

As the afternoon wore on,Grace tooks several swigs from her water bottle as she watched her peers mothers take their swats.

As the afternoon wore on Grace began to feel pressure build in her bladder. It started as a minor ache around 1pm and quickly escalated to a sharp pain by 1:30. She realized she was squirming and constantly tapping her feet. By 2pm she was questioning her ability to control her self and decided to take action.

Erica nervously waited for her painful turn in front of the crowd. She had also been given a bottle of water but sipped on it sparingly. She knew the potential existed that she may wet herself during her lengthy paddling, she did not want to make that possibility more likely by filling her bladder while she waited.

As she waited, Erica frequently looked at Grace. Her daughter had appeared sheepish at the beginning (no doubt embarassed at the reason they were here), Grace appeared distracted as the day went on. By 1:30, Erica recognized Grace's need, the squirming was an obvious sign of her full bladder. At 2pm (as Lori Gale was being given 15 swats for her daughter skipping class) she watched Grace rise from her seat and gingerly walk to the PTA volunteer who was monitoring the students.

"I'm sorry, Grace" the volunteer said. "It's just not allowed. The note from the principal says you already used your 2 toilet passes for the week. Since this is considered a school activity your restriction applies here."

Grace trudged back to her seat and tried to focus on anything to take her mind off her bladder. The only thing she found to watch was Jeff's mom being led to the stage for her paddling. Rachel Forth was bending over holding her knees as she waited for the first of her twenty swats.

Grace remembered the conversations she'd recently had with her mom about how many mothers lose bladder control during longer paddlings. Grace wondered if any of the last four women would disgrace themselves today. She hoped they would all make it to the end with dry pants. Grace knew the humiliation of an accident in front of her peers, an embarassment she felt would never be forgotten.

Jeff's mom howled and sobbed but maintained a little dignity by walking away with dry pants. Soon it was time for Sam's mom to have her butt swatted in front of the large crowd.

Erica was watching her daughter squirm when she was distracted by a roar of laughter from the crowd. Erica looked to the stage to see a dark stain spreading across the bottom of Tanya Whyte's butt. The paddling was paused as Tanya's wetness quickly ran down the inside of both thighs and then wrapped around the left leg and flowed down the back of her left calf. Tanya's sobs became a wail as urine began to drip into a puddle around her feet.

Erica was secretly relieved that one of the other moms had an accident. She was terrified of the humiliation she would feel if she disgraced herself. Knowing it would be a humiliation shared with another mom gave her some mild comfort.

When Tanya finished peeing on herself, the paddling was resumed. Grace noticed the sound of the paddle made a slighy sharper noise as it struck the wet denim on Tanya's jeans. She also noticed the sharp smack was immediately followed by a quiet sqelching noise that could only be heard by those near the stage. Grace felt bad for Sam's mom as she waddled off the stage.

Watching Tanya's accident reminded Grace of her own over-filled bladder. Grace was sure her green eyes must be tinged yellow right now with all the pent up urine rising in her body.

Erica watched as her daughter approached the volunteer again. Erica was too far away to hear what was said but she could see Grace bouncing up and down and clasping her hands together in a pleading motion. Erica could see the dejected look on Grace's face as she was sent back to her seat, stopping every few steps to do a short potty dance before continuing to her seat.

Finally it was 3pm. Grace felt butterflies in her stomach as her mom was led onto the stage. Grace was so overcome with guilt that she didn't even hear the creepy dads whistling and cat-calling as Erica bent over in her tight jeans.

The cheeks on Erica's face burned as she blushed in embarassment when she heard the crowd as she bent over. Within moments the cheeks of her butt burned as the paddle smacked her backside. Erica let out a yelp each time the paddle spanked her. She had no concept of time or how many times she'd been spanked, but partway through she felt a warmth between her legs.....then her lower butt...then her thighs....then her lower legs. The paddling stopped as the warmth spread downward.

The pain from her punishment had kept her from recognizing the feeling of losing bladder control, but the warmth in her jeans was enough for her to know it had happened. Soon the warm denim began to cool and the paddling started again.

Grace sat mesmerized as the dark stain ran down her mom's legs. She'd known it might happen, but watching her mother's accident increased her guilt to a level she never could have imagined. When the paddling resumed, Grace recognized the distinct sharp swat followed by the squelch everytime her mom was spanked. Soon her mom's yelps turned to a low sob and she was allowed to leave the stage when the paddling was over.

Grace tried to run to her mom to hug her, but her bathroom need was too great. Grace slowly hobbled to her mom, trying to keep her thighs clamped together.

"I am soooo sorry mom!" exclaimed Grace.

Erica hugged her daughter. "I'll be fine. It looks like you need a rest room, we'll stop on the way out."

"No, I'm not allowed to go here. It's considered a school event and I already used my two passes for this week." Grace explained as she did a potty dance.

"Ah, that explains it" replied Erica. "Lets get out of here, I'll stop at the closest gas station for you."

The two walked away to the car. Grace hobbling away with her legs clamped together to keep her pants dry. Erica waddling with her soaked thighs wide apart to reduce the chaffing.

*018*2021-05-26 07:22

Erica grimaced as she lowered herself into the driver seat of the car. The wet cotton rubbing her sore bottom caused her to blush with shame. Erica moved slowly and deliberately in an attempt to lessen her discomfort.

"Mom!" wailed Grace. "Hurry, please!" She danced and wiggled while she waited for her mom to unlock her car door. When she heard it click open she threw herself into the car.

As Erica pulled out of the parking lot she glanced at her daughter. Grace was hunched over with her hands jammed in her crotch, rocking back and forth in her seat. Erica knew her daughter was near her limit.

"There's a gas station not too far away. Just hold on for five minutes and it'll be ok."

Grace squirmed as they drove. She felt bad about her mother's very public accident and wanted to appologize. When she tried to speak only a whimper escaped from her lips. The appology would have to wait until all her attention wasn't focused on her need to pee.

Grace had never been so happy to pull into a gas station. She thought for a moment that she might loose control when they went over a pot hole at the edge of the parking lot; to her relief (and surprise) she maintained control. She was opening the door to get out before her mom had come to a complete stop.

Erica watched Grace try running to the store. She looked ridiculous with her hand jammed in her crotch and her thighs pressed together. Her short jerking steps would have been comical if the situation were not so embarassing.

Erica looked down at her lap and surveyed her own predicament. The wet denim clinging to her thighs was beginning to itch. She shifted in her seat to try relieving the discomfort of her wet pants; she quickly stopped when she realized her movement caused her freshly paddled butt to throb in pain.

As Grace opened her car door to get back in, her mother smiled. "I'm glad we made it in time. It's good to see that your pants are still dry."

"Thanks for getting me here so quick" replied Grace. "I was really worried."

As they started for home Grace said "I am really sorry for everything that happened to you today. It's all my fault and I feel terrible."

"It isn't completely your fault. If I had taken appropriate action when you were younger I'd have gotten off easier. It's partly my own fault." Erica sighed "Besides, I voted for the Maternal Responsibility Act. I got what I had coming to me."

"I felt bad for Mrs. Whyte", Grace said. "Do you think she knew she might pee in her pants, or do you think it was a surprise?"

"I have never seen her as a spectator at other punishment days, so I am guessing it was quite a shock. To be honest, I was glad I wasn't the only mom to pee her pants." Erica confessed.

Grace quietly stared out the window for a few miles. "So now what?" she asked, breaking the awkward silence.

Erica's face wrinkled as she thought of how to answer her daughter. "I'm not happy about this but, I think I need to be punished when we get home."

Grace was stunned when she heard what her mom had said. "What do you mean, mom? Why would you need to be punished? You got paddled in front of a huge crowd, you've already been punished."

"Part of why I was sanctioned is because I didn't set a good example for you. Since we are both concerned about you having a second accident at school, I need to do everything I can to get a break if I have another hearing under the Maternal Responsibility Act. I need to make an example of myself today if I am to have any chance of leniency with the PTA Conduct Committee."

Erica continued, "I am hoping that you will agree with my proposal. I figure since this is my first punishment for wetting myself that I will be subject to the same consequences that you faced a few days ago after your first offense."

"Do you really think that's necessary? asked Grace. "I feel like you have suffered way too much already."

"It is the only plan that makes sense." Erica sighed, "Cleaning my clothes, sitting on the toilet, and keeping a toilet chart really aren't that bad...especially compared to what happened earlier today."

"I suppose what happens at home isn't that bad compared to the rest of it." agreed Grace. "I still think you don't deserve it, though!"

*022*2021-06-24 07:57

When Grace came home after school on Monday she could barely walk. Her hands were pressed in her crotch as she shuffled quickly to the bathroom.

"Did you make it?" Erica handed Grace the notebook she was using for her toilet log as she came out of the bathroom.

"Um...Actually, I have a damp spot in my panties. I held everything but a few spurts. Do I mark that down as an accident or put down that I peed in the toilet?"

Grace blushed as her mom looked her over. "Spread your legs apart, dear. I need to make sure nothing shows on your leggings." Erica walked behind Grace and checked from behind as well. "Pull down your leggings so I can see how bad your panties are."

Grace slowly lowered her leggings, then stood nervously while her mother inspected the yellow stain in her white underwear.

"You're lucky nothing showed on your leggings. I won't consider it peeing your pants...Don't look so relieved yet!" Erica warned. "Even though you don't need to log it as peeing your pants, I need to contemplate if there are any consequences for leaking."

Grace knew a spanking with the belt had been promised for a second pants wetting, she felt herself clenching her butt cheeks in fear as she waited to hear her mom's decision.

"I won't spank you." Grace relaxed her butt when her mom spoke again. "I am going to make you scrub your underwear and you will spend an extra hour sitting on the toilet tonight. Does that seem fair?"

"More than fair" agreed Grace. "I'll start scrubbing now."

When Grace finished scrubbing the yellow out of her underwear she went to the livingroom where Erica was sitting. "How was the first day of community service to the school?" Grace asked.

Erica waited a moment before answering. "To be honest, I was a little surprised at what I learned. I expected that I would be changing diapers on students with disabilities; there were a few disabled students but most wore diapers for another reason."

Grace gave her mom a questioning look. "Why else would they be in diapers?"

Erica looke at her daughter for a moment before quietly saying "They wear them as punishment for having too many accidents. The nurse explained it all to me this morning. I don't want to worry you, but I think you should know what you might be facing.

"The standard punishment for a first offense of the Hygiene Policy is detention and a one month toilet restriction, just like you are getting. The nurse said a few students per year have accidents, usually they aren't quite as old as you. She said most of them can't control themselves during duration of the toilet restriction and they have a second accident.

"The standard punishment for a second accident is a week of detention, a paddling, and another month of toilet restriction. Instead of two toilet passes per week there are absolutely no passes for the entire month of toilet restriction after a second accident. The nurse hasn't seen any student who could make it for a month without using the bathroom at school; they all had a third accident.

"The punishment for a third accident is a full month of after school detention, another paddling, and being placed in diapers at school. The student must wear diapers to school until they go a full month without wetting or soiling the diaper. The nurse told me she has never had anyone go a full month without wetting the diaper."

Grace sat stunned at what she had just been told. "I....I...I'm going to be diapered!!!" she stammered after a few minutes.

"Oh, Honey" Eric patted her daughter on the leg. "Keep trying your best to hold it everyday at school. You made it through today, you can do it two more times this week. Use your two passes wisely each week and I believe you'll be ok. The nurse said about 20% make it without a second accident, I know you can make it."

Grace reflected on what her mom had told her. "I barely made it today. I'm terrified I will wet again. As much as I am afraid of the humiliation of another accident, I am more worried about you! The Maternal Responsibilty Act will have you paddled in public again, and it'll be worse than the first time!"

"I will be fine, Grace. Don't worry about me. Just try your best to stay dry. I love you no matter what happens."

After a long silence Grace asked her mom "Who?"

"What do you mean?"

"Who in my school is in diapers because they had an accident?" Grace asked.

"I don't think I should say" answered Erica.

"Mom, we both know I'm two bad days away from having it happen to me. I could use a little something to help me feel like I'm not alone."

"Well..." Erica thought a moment. "I can't tell you any names. I will tell you there are a few seniors. One girl peed her pants when you were freshmen. During your sophmore year a girl pooped her pants and later that year a boy peed in his pants. They each peed their pants two more times soon after and have been diapered at school ever since."

"You're not even the only girl to wet this year" continued Erica. "The first month of school a junior ended up in diapers after having three wetting accidents."

"I really thought I was the only one" said Grace. "Why didn't I hear about the other accidents?"

"The nurse told me that most accidents don't happen in front of other students" explained Erica. "She said most of the time the kid realizes an accident is about to happen and they run out of the classroom. Most accidents happen in the hallway between the classroom and the bathrooms."

"Thanks for telling me" said Grace. "I feel better knowing I'm not the only one."

Grace stood up and sighed as she walked away. "I better go start my toilet sitting punishment early, I have that extra hour I need to get done for leaking."

