A Strange Island off the Coast of Australia

Author: Fal

*000*2024-12-29 06:08

Author's note: It's been a while since I've put a story up here, but I'm on holiday and the creative juices just started flowing. Now, this isn't the most original story on this website, this is another bloody entry in the genre of strange-island-with-different-views-on-toilet-use. let me know what you think, give me feedback, I'm still a complete amateur.

It was a boring, normal day in the office, when I got the most impactful email in my life. "Chloe, come to my office, something's come up." I was terrified. As I left my cubicle everyone could tell I was super nervous. My eyes were darting all around the place and I was making quick, short paces.

I entered by boss' office without even talking to his secretary. Every time I entered Greg's office, there were fewer books on the shelves and more WWII era model ships. The man had an obsession. One office Christmas party he tipsily held sermon on the time he went diving to see the wreck of the HMS Prince Of Wales. He probably should have found a job in marine archaeology instead of in the head office of a bakery chain.

"ah," the small man looked up from his computer, "Chloe, I need your help with something."

I felt a weight lessen across my shoulders.

"Amina has called in sick."

My mind raced, she was going to leave on a business trip this eve, does this mean he's about to ask me to do that? Did he pick me because he knows I have no social life? A 25 year old woman with like, 3 friends, no boyfriend, no pets.

"she was going to... what was it called?

"Isla Scythia, for a week. Her flight leaves at 6PM"

"And you want me to take her place. To do a feasibility study for opening a bakery there."

"Now, because of how short notice this is, and how awkward this situation is..." Greg said, standing up. "If you say yes, I'll pay you double overtime for every hour you are in a plane or on the island."

I kept my face blank, that is a lot of money. Greg sensed I wasn't hooked yet. "And when you get back, you'll have a new title and a general pay increase."

Money doesn't buy happiness, but it does buy a lot of things that make happiness, and with so much coming my way I might have the chance at home ownership within the next 10 years. I let a little smile break across my face. Greg saw this and I saw his stress level slightly decrease. He knew he almost had me. He'd hit with the left, the right, and here comes the goodnight.

"There are no men allowed on the island."

"for real? I though Amina was joking!" I let out a little laugh from shock.

"There's a lot of strange little corners in our world Chloe. In Germany there's a church made of human skulls, and We've got Coober Pedy over here."

"No men, Amina would have loved that so much!"

"you know why she moved from the corner office to a cubicle?"

"No I don't."

"Her words, and this doesn't leave this office, she was losing too much productivity whenever a yoga class finished across the street."

"Oh my god."

"I'll never forget the words she used when she put in the request," A smile made its way across his face. "too gay to function."

I suddenly remembered why I was in here. "Can I have a moment to think about this?"

"Yes, but it can't be a long moment, plane leaves at 6, so you'd need to be at the airport by 5, so, leaving town by 4, and you'd have to pack and make last minute purchases, 20 minutes Chloe,"

I thanked him as I left his office, and as I walked across the threshold I thought about all the things I'd have to put in order before going on this trip. Then I realised I don't really see my friends in person any more, and my normal evening plans are wine and Netflix, or the sims, or drunkenly Facebook stalking old schoolmates and internally screaming 'why do they get to be happy?' All things I can easily do on Isla Scythia, I'm sure.

Half an hour later and I'm on the bus home with a dossier about the island, documents about conducting feasibility studies, the tickets, hotel bookings, now in my name. Amina's phone number, Greg's private number, and.... I'm excited. Thinking about it, my life is kind of pathetic, I needed to do something big to feel alive again, and this, this is big. Greg mentioned that there were some intricacies to island culture that he hadn't mentioned yet, and that I should spend my plane trip reading all the way through the dossier. I'm sure I'll get to it, I thought.

After buying some warm weather clothes, buying some more toothpaste and other essentials, a whirlwind packing experience, and changing in to my comfort clothes, (which were an slightly oversized shirt, runners, and light blue leggings.) I was on the bus to the airport. I'd started shooting messages back and forth with Amina, who was equal parts jealous, and fever-brained. But she also told me repeatedly that I needed to read the dossier. I told her I'd get to it soon.

I hadn't had a chance to pee in this sprint to the airport, so by the time I got on the plane I was feeling kinda full. As expected, given the island's one quirk I'd so far learned about, all the passengers and crew were women. What shocked me is that one of the stewardesses was wearing nothing but stockings and a tight pencil skirt, her lovely breasts out on display. If I had a chest like that I'd want to do the same. I shot Amina a message, she told me the island was clothing optional. And stressed again to read the dossier.

It's a small QANTASlink plane, three seats one side of the aisle, two on the other. I was in the window seat of a two seat side. As boarding continued it looked like this wasn't going to be a very full flight, makes sense, 6PM Thursday, to a small island off the coast of Queensland, that banned men, and had a population a quarter the size of Tasmania. Nevertheless, someone did join me in my row. She wore tight jeans and a tight yellow sweater, and was a beautiful bottle blonde. For the entire flight she had earbuds in and had some crime book I saw advertised at one of those super overpriced news stands. I use flights to catch up on movies I missed. Since this was a 3 hour flight, I could finally watch the new Indiana Jones. I told myself this was the time I was going to read the dossier, but frankly, I was too exhausted to do non-fiction reading at the moment. Maybe a bit unprofessional of me, but I needed some me time.

When the topless stewardess came over to offer food or drink, my mind went into utter turmoil. Was I attracted to her, or did I just think she was gorgeous? Did these thoughts have anything to do with the fact all of my DnD characters were half-naked barbarian women? Sometimes my brain just struggles, if I see a good-looking woman, do I want to be her? Am I just happy for her because she's drop-dead gorgeous? Do I want to wine, dine, and supine her? Normally these struggles aren't taking all of my limited brainpower. Normally I don't have a topless woman with a cute face and flawless hair and makeup leaning towards me cheerfully offering me wine and a roast chicken leg with mash.

Am I gay? Am I jealous? Am I just happy for her? Are these thoughts how lesbians figure themselves out? Are these thoughts how Amina figured herself out? Are these thoughts why Amina had to leave the corner office? Why won't my brain start again? Oh god, I'm just staring now. I blurt out that it's my first time going to the island and that I'm thankful for the food. She smiles at me and moves on to serve the rest of the plane. Blue Jeans also got the roast chicken and wine, but quickly went back to her book.

The wine had a clear impact on her because she started to squirm a bit. I felt sympathy for her because that wine was beginning to play havoc on my own situation. She looked worse off than I did though. Between page turns she now had a hand resting on her crotch. I was now struggling to focus on the movie, I'd never seen an adult just ignore their toilet needs like this. (but I have seen a friend wet herself after a night out though.) The fasten seatbelt sign wasn't on.

She could just get up and go. Watching her made my need worse. I still reckon I can make it to the airport, I hate plane toilets. Was that what Blue Jeans was hoping to do as well? Was the book just too gripping? I didn't have a lot of confidence in her at this point. She looked like she was minutes away from disaster. I tried to put my earbuds back in and go back to elderly Indy tell his current companions about all the times he's been shot, stabbed, and beaten, but my brain couldn't focus on that, and my eyes just wanted to watch the train wreck that's about to happen in the seat next to me.

Blue Jeans let out a little moan, and I caught myself catching a glance at the now slightly darker crotch. Oh god, It's happening. I'm about to watch a functioning adult piss their pants. I'm about to watch a grown woman have a yellow moment when there's a toilet 10 meters away. She kept her legs together nice and tight, I heard more soft moans barely audible over the noises of the plane. I saw the glistening dark patch slowly expand in fits and spurts. Then, still reading her book, she let it all go, a hissing tide washed down between her thighs, darkening her jeans and making them glisten.

Some of it washed over her lap, and some rode up her jeans almost to her belt loops. There was a constant pitter-patter of droplets landing on the floor. I was staring now. Jaw on the floor of the plane. She just kept reading. Her hand hadn't been near her crotch since the formation of the river. Guess she didn't want pee on her book? That's a brand new thought. During that whole event, my own bladder made itself more known to me.

For the second time this flight, my poor overworked, under-equipped mind was racing, what in the fuck did I just watch. This girl just knowingly used her pants as a toilet and kept reading. I craned my neck around to all the seats and stewardesses in my view to see if anyone else noticed. No one seemed to, but a lot fewer people were fully dressed now. Mostly just topless, but I'm pretty sure one or two people a few rows in front were fully nude. Is this a strange dream? Am I in a coma? Was I hit by a bus on the way to work this morning? That's surely the most reasonable explanation for everything I'm seeing. I pinched myself, closed my eyes and did some circular breathing, I pinched myself again. I opened my eyes and looked around again, I still had an eye full of breasts and saw my seat neighbour's piss-soaked pants. She was still reading. I was losing it, I think I was hyperventilating a bit, the sounds of the plane engines dropped out of my hearing.

Blue Jeans (or should I now refer to her as Pissed Jeans?) noticed I was having a moment, in one swift movement she paused her music and put her book in the seat pocket. She put her right hand on my left. Even that small amount of human contact confirmed for me that this was real and had a calming influence. “you said it was your first trip to Isla Scythia didn't you?” She had a very calming voice. I nodded. Pissed Jeans pressed the service button.

“How much did you know about island culture before getting on the plane?”

By the time I'd stuttered my way through a broken version of today's events, Topless Stewardess had turned up and Pissed Jeans said, “I think we've got a bit of a case of culture shock on our hands, Britt. And could I get a towel?”

For the few moments it took for Topless Stewardess, whose real name I guess was Britt, to come back, Pissed Jeans held my hand firmly. “Life's a bit different over here, I think you really got the raw end having to come here on such short notice. Island customs are bizarre to outsiders.” She spoke softly, she spoke calmly, she helped recenter me.

Britt came back and passed me a thick blanket and a bottle of water. Pissed Jeans helped me wrap it all around me and undid the bottle for me. “Drink up,” she said. I wasn't about to disagree with her.

“Do you want anything to eat?” Britt asked. I noticed she was squirming a bit. What the fuck was up with these people? I declined and just worked on snuggling up in the blanket and drinking my water.

I was starting to feel like shit, Pissed Jeans was showing genuine care for my current state and I didn't even know her name. I was just referring to her in my mind as Pissed Jeans, that's so rude of me. She was holding my hand and made sure I was warm enough and drinking and eating enough. I still had no idea the whats or whys of my current situation. But Pissed Jeans was keeping me on an even keel. It felt so backwards. Out of the two of us, one of us had just gone to the bathroom all over themselves, and it was the one of us who hadn't who was feeling like shit.

With an hour left before landing, rugged up and feeling at least halfway back to normal I introduced myself as Chloe. Pissed Jeans introduced herself as Imogen but told me all her friends called her Immy. She told me that every time I started a conversation before landing. I was just not picking that nuance up.

After I'd calmed down a good bit, Imogen, still in her piss-soaked pants looked at me and said, “How long are you over here?”

“I've got a week, but I've got at least a few days of work to get through,”

“A working trip to Isla Scythia, girl, don't take this the wrong way, I need your job.” She laughed. “I use my built-up long service leave to come here every year.”

“I noticed you knew the stewardess' name.”

She let out a stupid grin, “We go a little deeper than names... Anyway, you got some free time in the next few days? I think I need to show you the ropes.”

“Tomorrow's mostly clear, I just need to collect some documents from... someone, the address is in my files.”

“let's meet somewhere early tomorrow, I have so much to show you about this island. Now, look away unless you want a face full of my pussy.” I went beet red. At least she gave a warning. “My pants are starting to feel cold and clammy.”

Imogen, somehow with her seatbelt still on, slid her pants down with ease. Good thing she was wearing sandals. This revealed her hot pink panties with a massive half-moon around her crotch of a much, much darker pink. She looked at these with a sense of satisfaction before slipping those off as well. She towelled off using what Britt had brought her. She Slipped her wet clothes into a plastic bag in her carry-on, and brought out a pair of scandalously short shorts. “do you mind if I let my let my pussy breath for a bit?” She let that hang in the air. “Oh, I'm sorry, this is too much at once for you.” She said as she began to slip on her shorts.

“No, you're fine. Every other person in this plane is bearing all.” I stuttered out.

“So,” Imogen began, “you probably want to know why I wet my pants so casually.”

Hearing her say it so casually shook me and turned my face even redder. “I have a dossier on island culture, but I watched Indiana Jones instead of reading it on the plane. Because I'm stupid or something.”

She smiled sweetly. “On Isla Scythia, they recognise that it's just a normal bodily function and that when you have to go, you have to go, and that holding can be harmful. There's no shame in peeing your pants on the island. Or anywhere under island jurisdiction.”

This was a lot to take in. An island of women who just walk around topless with pee all in their pants. Has the world gone mad while I wasn't looking? A thousand questions entered my head, like what about the smell? The puddles? Do these women also just crap themselves?

Imogen continued “I really needed to go, but the charming detective was only minutes away from uncovering the underground kidnapping ring, and I didn't want to stop reading to go use the toilet. Besides, I hate plane toilets. So I went in my pants.”

“Everyone just wets themselves on the island?”

“A lot do, some just pop a squat. Some carry around a bottle to go in. Something you'll learn is that because of this culture public toilet infrastructure isn't what we're used to as mainlanders. So you'll be living the culture before too much longer.”

As she said that, my bladder reminded me I hadn't emptied it in about four hours now. I squeezed my legs together and said, "That might be very soon."

"Are you free tomorrow? I can show you what this island's all about." A woman wearing no pants, sitting in a puddle of her own urine just asked me to go travel around a tropical island. What the fuck is happening to me?

At this point I was almost back to my normal self, the shock at everything that was going on had almost worn off. “I'd appreciate you showing me around tomorrow. I don't need to grab the documents until the arvo.” At this point, the fasten seatbelt sign turned back on.

As we did the final descent, Imogen and I shared phone numbers and she finally put her shorts on. As we prepared to disembark I got a proper look at the rest of the passengers as they walked past our row and all of the clothes that had gone missing. Some women were down to their underwear, many were topless. Though, there was at least one woman who was totally nude. I noticed a few pairs of peed pants and sodden shorts walking past me as well. My bladder was telling me I'd be joining those women in their cultural practice soon, even if I didn't want to.

“Are you staying at The Nymph?” Imogen asked me.

“Yep,”

“Awesome, so am I, we can catch the shuttle bus together.” She said as we were finally able to get up out of our seats. As I walked past Imogen's seat I noticed how badly it had been discoloured compared to mine.

As is tradition on any plane, the stewardess well-wishes the disembarking passengers as they leave the plane. It was Britt. As we passed her, I noticed that there was now a large stain on the front of her skirt and that she was standing in a puddle.

Walking through the airport and getting our baggage was fairly uneventful all things considered, but I did notice one woman thoroughly and completely wet her pants as she gave a friend a welcome home hug. Imogen hurried us onto the shuttle bus quickly, telling me it was the last one of the night. I don't know how intentional it was that I hadn't tried to use an airport bathroom before that point. Maybe it was my subconscious telling me I needed to get some culture in me. Either way, I was very, very full as we got on that shuttle bus.

As the bus trip progressed Imogen and I talked a lot about island stuff, like, good restaurants, how they enforce the male ban, and why she doesn't normally go topless. How likely I was to get the girls out. But I was receding further and further from the conversation as more and more of my focus was getting directed at my poor, poor, overworked bladder. I was squirming, crossing my legs, hand in my crotch, sweating, going red, the whole deal. Imogen saw my plight, put a hand on my knee, and said one of the most insane sentences I've ever had said to me, “Girl, you're not making it to the hotel, just pee in your pants.”

I looked at her with shock. Then I realised that she, while crazy was totally right. There was no way I was going to make it there dry, and there were two ways this was ending. I keep holding and have an accident at the age of 25, or I intentionally use my poor leggings as a toilet. These leggings have had to put up with a lot of sweat, some blood, tomato sauce, bits of meat pie, and spilled wine, but I was about to make them suffer their worst punishment. I sat up straight, uncrossed my legs, took my hands away from my crotch, poised myself like I was sitting on a toilet and prepared to experience local culture. “When in Rome,” I said. But despite my need, nothing happened yet.

“It takes a lot to overcome all that toilet training,” Imogen said, “watch,” she gestured to her crotch, which was, for the second time today, getting utterly soaked.

That was all the encouragement my bladder needed. A loud hiss entered the noisescape of the shuttle bus as my light blue leggings started turning a much darker shade. A river was forming before my very eyes, between my very legs. I was going with so much force the damp patch rode up and over my lap. It was very warm, and this was the most relief I have ever felt. I also felt a lot of shame, the redness was still in my cheeks, and I felt a tear roll down.

“I just wet myself,” I said to no one in particular. “I peed myself on a bus!” The redness of my cheeks got more intense, “I didn't make it.” the bus seat under me was utterly soaked, and there were rivulets of my pee, and Imogen's running around on the floor of the bus, getting sent this way and that as the bus turned left and right. Immy smiled, “Well done, you're practically a local.” I didn't respond because I was just thinking about what I had intentionally done to my poor leggings, my poor panties, my poor shoes and socks, and the poor bus seat. Though, it was nice and warm.

The rest of the bus ride happened without a hitch, we got to our hotel and checked in, and it turns out Immy's room was right next to mine, and despite local culture, the room did have a proper toilet. I was just glad to get out of my sodden clothing, though, I did stop to examine the damage to my panties in the mirror. Almost totally a different colour. I shot Greg a text telling him I'd made it. I sent Amina a text telling her that I just wet myself.

She demanded we call, so I got a piccolo of wine out of the minibar, called her, and debriefed about the day's ordeal. She was focused on the topless women and wet pants parts. She asked me how I felt about having a toilet accident at 25. After correcting her, and telling her I wet my pants but did not have an accident, the question made me do a bit of reflection. I didn't hate it. It was so warm and relieving. I told her if I'd done that on a bus on the mainland, I'd probably want to die in a hole out of shame, or at least very seriously consider moving city, so no one would recognise me as the public transport pants wetter, but given the context, I was totally prepared to have to do that again before the week was out.

*002*2024-12-31 11:29

{{11 hours ago, Bismiris said:

Very hot! Looking forward for more.

}}

Thank you! I'm currently two pages in to the next part. Not going to make promises about update timeframe, but the creative vibe is still with me for now.

*005*2025-01-02 11:33

{{22 minutes ago, RNSL81 said:

Amazing story. Hot. We definitely need more.

}}

{{On 1/1/2025 at 9:37 PM, Rexone_312 said:

WHAT A WAY to start the new year! Such a new take! Amazing! 😄 Please give us the sequel...

}}

Thanks for the feedback people, part 2 is getting close to hitting the editing phase. Brace your faces.

*006*2025-01-05 05:38

Author's note. The website and I are having a disagreement about formatting, so this is uglier than part 1 I'm afraid. But Here's Chloe's first full day on Isla Scythia.

Before I went to bed Immy sent me a text telling me to meet her in the hotel lobby at 7:30, and we'd have breakfast together. The hotel lobby itself was nothing out of the ordinary, with a few reception desks, vending machines, and chairs with phone chargers nearby. As 7:30 rolled around I sat in one, ready to go. I wore pale jeans and a crop top, all over a bikini. I was fiddling around on my phone watching people come and go from the lobby when Immy finally turned up, she had on a basic white sleeveless tee and some denim shorts.

As we left the hotel I told her all about my phone call with Amina, and my reflections on the bus ride yesterday. I felt insane saying those things out loud for a second time. Here was I, a functional adult woman with a job and (barely,) a life admitting that she kind of liked peeing in her pants in public. Immy smiled, took my hand and told me we were going to a coffee shop called Venus. We walked down what could be any other Australian street in a small city, with banksias in the median strips, Telstra boxes, and ibises roaming about. What set it apart was of course the fact that there were no men in sight and that many of the women were very under-dressed.

Many were topless, many just in bikinis, and nowhere near as many fully nude as I expected from the end of the plane trip yesterday. But, my mind was worrying about so much else at that point, there was probably no way I was remembering the end of yesterday correctly. As we entered I noticed it looked like any other coffee shop, like a Hudsons without that terrible corporate art on the wall. Another key difference is that all of the people behind the counter were wearing nothing but an Apron, but the modest ones were wearing an apron over a bikini. Immy took the initiative and got us some ham and cheese croissants and iced lattes. No complaints from me.

Izzy guided us to sit down outside, where we could hear the waves on the beach. “So, are you still a little bit in shock?”

I leaned back a bit and looked up into the sky, “This time yesterday I was ordering a flat white, and thinking about what extensions I'd do to my Sims house that evening, and whether I was going for ban-mi or a hot dog for lunch.”

Immy let out a smile and a chuckle, “Those were your choices?”

“On good days I do ban-mi, sushi, or something like that, hot dogs mean I'm struggling.”

Immy nodded sympathetically, “And you already thought it might be a hot dog day?”

“Yep. As we're about to go to lunch, Amina always asks, Sushi or Vietnamese? If I answer hot dog, she knows I need a bit of help.”

“Well,” Immy says, “What do you want for lunch today?”

“When I woke up and realised I was still on the island, I was thinking a hot dog and two Manhattans would do nicely. But thinking on it, and thanks to you being here for me, I might feel like a Vietnamese baguette by lunchtime.”

“So happy I could help you, it's a tough situation you got yourself in. But you're handling it well.”

“Thank you, I think part of me just needed a change, no matter how dramatic and insane it feels. In a really strange way, pissing myself yesterday was almost therapeutic.” The longer I'm here the more insane shit comes out of my mouth. By the end of the week, I'm not going to be the same person.

Two women in bikinis walked past us at this point, both looking like they came from the hotel and were carrying plenty of beach supplies. They were probably on the plane with us yesterday. One of them, who was wearing a bright red bikini had a constant stream of urine running down her legs, and droplets getting thrown about. As they passed us, she waved at Imogen, and Imogen waved back.

“I'm surprised it took this long today to see a pee moment,” I said.

“Still early enough that most people probably had their morning glory only recently. I know I did, in the shower.”

I said. “Oh, there's still public toilets, right?”

“yeah, but like I said yesterday, there's not a lot, and most of them were put in during a drive for tourism a few years back.”

“Come to Isla Scythia!” I said, “You don't have to shit your pants now!”

I must be feeling better, because I actually chuckled at that, at my own joke. I can't remember the last time I had a bit of a laugh. Immy laughed along with me.

“Thankfully,” Immy finally said through the laughter, “that tourist drive was before my first time here. Pooping myself isn't something I'm keen to try.”

“But you were willing to wet yourself?”

Immy chuckled again. “Embarrassingly,” her cheeks went a bit red. “That's something I was already way too familiar with.”

“You mean...” I began.

“I have this nasty habit of putting off finding a toilet, or overestimating how good I am at holding it.” She brought a hand up to her mouth. “You know what happened to you yesterday? On the bus. That happened to me. On a bus in Melbourne, while I was in the sanding area, In rush hour.”

“Oh my god, I'd be mortified!”

“I was, I started to cry, I tried to hide the wet patch with my bag and jacket, pretty sure a few creeps filmed it on their phones. I got off at the next stop, ran into the first public bathroom I could find, and while still crying, called a friend to go buy me some fresh pants and panties from Big-W, or whatever was nearby.”

“Oh my god, that's awful.”

“I vented and cried about it to whoever would listen, a woman powerful and capable enough to be acing her nursing course and playing footy should not be pissing herself and crying on a bus. Some people just did the old 'accidents happen,' and 'when you gotta go you gotta go,' adages. But Liz, a mate of mine. Well, we're no longer friends, but that's not relevant. She told me about this place, a place free from humiliation, a place where there's no shame in doing what comes naturally if you need to. Every year since I've spent some time here. It's my favourite place in the world. I want to move here when I have the ability.”

Somewhere during that story, our breakfast arrived. Delivered by one of the serving girls who didn't wear anything under her apron. Maybe it's the change in mood I've been having, or maybe it was the best croissant I'd ever eaten.

“Are you still accident pro... do you still have... yellow... ” I couldn't finish.

She let out a smile, “My friends and workmates are understanding, and yeah, from time to time I still have an accident. Normally after I've been out drinking, but you've probably heard how rough it is in the public sector these days, sometimes the shifts are just... too... long.” as she said that she dropped both of her hands into her crotch and mimed doing a pee dance, “I always have spare scrubs on me.”

I nodded, and just kept working on my breakfast.

“So when I heard that there was a place I didn't need a passport to get to that was filled with topless women who didn't laugh at you and scold when you peed yourself, I needed to come here. Then, I discovered when there weren't those people scolding me and laughing at me, peeing my pants felt... Kinda nice.” Immy's Origin story, I suppose. Was this week going to be mine?

That iced latte was on a one-way trip straight to my bladder, it was not stopping in my stomach. Good thing I'd already had my morning bathroom visit, or I might be finding out if I liked the feeling of pooping in my pants. This was not something I wanted to find out about myself honestly. I'd learned too much about myself in the last 24 hours. As breakfast ran on we started talking about other topics. Like TV shows, The Sims. That crime book she couldn't put down yesterday. It was apparently about a pair of ASIO agents and a local detective who were digging the roots of a conspiracy by a sentient AI to overthrow the Australian government through murder, brainwashing, and bribing. Sounds like airport trash. Fun trash though.

As the morning rolled on, the temperature increased, and the amount of clothes I saw around me decreased. Immy herself shed her tee to reveal a purple bikini top. I was a little more self-conscious. But I was also struggling to understand why Morning Chloe had decided jeans were a good idea, but that wasn't fully Morning Chloe's fault, as Stupid Fucking Packing Chloe decided jeans were a good idea in the fucking tropics. Even though from where I was sitting and sipping this iced coffee I could see, like, so many breasts, so much underwear, and even many bare (and some hairy) vaginas, I couldn't make myself take off my pants, without it being to immediately get in the water.

Australian hangups I suppose, well, mainland at least, I know those deranged Tasmanians have some strange nudist rituals. Also as I was looking around it became more apparent to me something that I should have found obvious from first hearing about this place, which, in my defence was still only less than a day ago. As I looked around at the population, there were lots of women holding hands, or each other's arses, or just in an embrace. Funnily enough, a large chunk of the population of the women-only island were lesbians. I needed to rub two whole brain cells together to figure that one out.

Another thought crept into my mind “Are any of those limited public toilets nearby? I don't feel ready to wet myself twice in as many days.”

“Not right here, I can take you to some, though,” Immy asked after skulling the rest of her drink. “Ready to go?”

I nodded and finished off my iced coffee. As Immy led me through the streets, and further away from the crashing waves, for which my bladder was thankful. I noticed that her shorts were bloody scandalous. Pretty sure I had panties that covered more than those shorts were. As we travelled down the streets, I kept having the dissonance that had plagued me since the stewardess took off her top.

Everything around me looked like it wouldn't be out of place in Melbourne or any other Australian city, it's just that it was filled with women in various states of undress, or wearing pee-stained clothing. There was one group of women we walked past who were just having a chat and one of them was just using her tan slacks as a bathroom while talking. I don't know how long it's going to take me to get over this insane island. Immy took me into the main pedestrian mall.

Which, again, looked like any other pedestrian mall in any other Australian town, even had a Big-W, an H&M, a JB Hi-Fi, a couple of street food restaurants, a Maccas, and all that. There was probably a Bunnings and a K&D somewhere on the island too. It felt very strange being led to a toilet by another adult, but I guess my life has just been strange for the last day. Immy led me to a small alleyway next to the Maccas, the alley was dingy, covered in trash, but with a very new-looking door in it. There was a short queue of women out front, some looked like they were in a bit of distress. As time dragged on and my bladder felt worse and worse, the queue got shorter.

One woman gave up, and without looking up from her phone she walked out of the queue and with a loud hiss let go in her yoga pants, turning them a couple of shades darker and leaving damp footprints as she left the queue. No one batted an eyelid at that. As the queue dropped to zero, a droplet or two ended up in my underwear. I managed to get into the single stall. It was a photo finish. Drop my pants, pull my bikini to the side, and let out a minute-long gushing hissy piss. It was so relieving I couldn't suppress a little moan. I checked my pants afterwards for any damage, and I got off unscathed. After wiping and leaving, I saw Immy back out in the dingy alley. She'd somehow lost even more clothing and her shorts had made their way into her handbag, revealing purple bikini bottoms. I also saw a single droplet run down the inside of her thigh.

“It's free now, you can go.”

“Thank you,” she said, kicking off her Birkenstocks. I then heard a pitter-patter of droplets hitting the ground and saw a yellow stream falling from her crotch and an absolute river running down her right thigh. I stared in shock.

After she was done she let out a little laugh and her cheeks went a little red. “Sorry, I just had to see your expression if I did that. Besides, bikinis are meant to get wet.”

I realised my jaw was on the bloody floor again. “I guess I should have expected that.”

“Oh, when do you need to grab those files?” Immy said, as if she, a grown-ass woman, didn't just piss in her clothes outside a vacant toilet.

I got my phone out to double-check that email for the third time today. “Any time between midday and close of business, from the city planner's office, 43 Wattle Street.”

“That's a few blocks from here. Tell you what, here's a plan. I have somewhere I need to be in...” she checked her phone, “...30 minutes. I'll show you where that is, I'll show you where we're going to have dinner together, then I leave you to have the afternoon to yourself.”

“We're having dinner together?” I asked, wondering if this pee-soaked woman had just asked me on a date.

“There's a few people I catch up with every time I come here, we normally have dinner together my first night here. I'll just change the booking for one more. This is an important cultural experience for you.”

“Sure. Sounds ominous.”

Immy laughed. Over the next 20 minutes, she showed me to the city planner's office and a pub called 'The Siren's Stage,' near the wharf. After that, I spent two hours wandering around the CBD and checking out shops I'm familiar with. My first visit was to H&M. The biggest change was that there was no kid's section, in fact, I hadn't seen a kid my entire trip, probably for the best. There was still a men's section though, but a much smaller one. The big thing that really shouldn't have surprised me is that there didn't seem to be change rooms and women were just trying stuff on in the aisles, and I was just way too nervous to ask if there were.

Guess I won't be trying anything on while I'm here, which is a shame because they have these cute cord shorts that I want. I've also got to imagine there are rules about not peeing in clothes you're trying on, or not trying on if you're currently wet. The JB Hi-Fi looked no different, the Maccas was just a slightly less dressed version of any other Aussie Maccas. I thought about having my lunch in there, but Maccas was closer to the hot dog side of the scale than the ban-mi side of the scale, and I was at least at a fried rice, thanks to Immy's incredible support during this trying time. Nevertheless, I grabbed the documents from the city planner's office, and I managed to find a bottle-o and a cute little sushi place, so I grabbed a six-pack of boozy ginger beer and some sushi rolls on my way back to the hotel room. I didn't want to be outside during the hottest part of the day, especially without a good litre of sunscreen on my pale skin.

When I got back to the hotel room I took off my pants, got out my laptop and threw myself on my bed and into my work. It looked like most of the hard stuff was done, the city planners had been diligent about getting all of the principal information. All that was left to me was to put that information into our business context and do some site visits. I texted Amina and told her that she'd gone and given Greg a stitch-up. This was like, 10 hours of work plus travel time at most, and I was here for another 6 days.

She told me that she managed to negotiate some days of leave into this trip, but that Greg hadn't managed to change the return flight, so I was getting at least 3 days of paid holiday on this island. How I work on projects like this, is I look at something the instant I get it, then give it a few days and come back to it after my brain has done some background processing. After I turned on my phone hotspot and as my mouse cursor was heading in a Netflix-like direction a thought went through my head that made my chest flutter a bit. I checked my mobile data and realised I had enough to download The Sims 4. I had a plan. While it downloaded I had my sushi and the first of the boozy gingers.

After the game was downloaded, I started a new household with one young adult woman in one of the starter homes in the oasis. First name Spenda, last name Penny. I didn't pay too much attention to her ambition, or likes and dislikes, I also didn't fully realise it at the time, but once I loaded into the home I realised I made her look like Britt the stewardess. Anyway, the first thing I did once I was in my house was sledgehammer the toilet. The act of doing that made me feel really funny. Good funny though. I made Spenda drink a lot of water, put her into sweatpants, and cranked the speed a little bit. I made her pee herself a few ways in a few places, I even got her out into town and made her pee herself in front of people.

This made the good funny feeling even more intense. I downed another boozy ginger, and a few glasses of water, and began hatching a much more devious plan. After a bit more sims and re-watching a bunch of Brooklyn 99, I needed to pee pretty badly. So I went to stand in the shower. I spread my legs and tried to pee in my bikini. I thought about waterfalls, I thought about both of Immy's pee moments, and I thought about myself on the bus yesterday. It didn't happen. A little disappointed I went back to Brooklyn 99 and downed another glass of water and another can of boozy ginger beer.

After two episodes I was really starting to squirm, and any time I laughed the need multiplied. Still not as bad as I was on the bus yesterday, but I didn't really want a repeat of that, that actually started to hurt. Two episodes after my first attempt I was ready to try again. I stood in the shower, but this time I turned on the sink. That made my pee a lot more insistent that it needed to leave. I still struggled to let it go. Overcoming potty training is really difficult, I just thought about beaches and waterfalls and let it do what it wanted to, I let it make a new waterfall in my bikini. It actually felt so good, the warmth spread through my bikini and down my legs. I was overcome with an amazing sense of relief, I couldn't help but let out a moan. I liked that. I really liked that. I now hatched an even more devious plan. I knew what I was going to do at dinner tonight.

6:30 rolled around. I left the hotel room, back in the jeans and crop top from this morning. I already needed to go a little bit, all part of the plan. As I walked inside, I was greeted by a sight all too familiar to me by this point, I saw so many boobs, so many bare tummies, a few bare arses, and a few pee stains. There was also a group of fully nude, and body-painted women doing a very local-band-tier cover of Rosanna by TOTO. Immy called out to me from a stall. She had two others sitting with her in it, one was Britt, and one was another woman, this other woman had very messy red hair tied back in an all-over-the-place ponytail. Britt, true to form had her tits out for all to see, and a very short skirt on.

The other friend and Immy were dressed in a way that wouldn't be out of place in a pub on the mainland. Immy had nice tan slacks on and a cute white blouse, I couldn't see what the redhead had on below the waist, but she had a nice green sweater on top. Immy gave me a proper introduction to Britt and introduced the other girl as Winona. She told me these two were locals, Immy said Britt moved here 6 years ago, and Winona, 2. The four of us talked about why those two moved to Isla Scythia, neither of their stories were as humiliating as Imogen's. Britt knew she liked women from a young age, and when she learned about this place she made it her life's goal to move here. It was only once she got here she picked up on the pee-your-pants stuff. Winona just wanted a life away from men. She met Britt at a party in Sydney years back, and after Britt told her about this place, it was decided.

After the first round of pear ciders, the conversation changed to how I was now feeling about the island, (but I kept my plan a secret.) Britt told me she was happy to see me in much better condition than on the plane, she said that with a smile that made my heart flutter. As the topics of conversation changed and the dinner orders happened, Britt kept making sure we always had something in our glass, she treated us to beer, ginger beer, and cider, and before I knew it there were also a couple of wine bottles on the table. As a background to this, the band was drifting through Queen, Pat Benatar, and Kate Bush, and the booths were getting rowdier and rowdier, and I'm pretty sure less clothed and more handsy with each other. At least, I thought they were, my ability to think and process was getting worse as time went on. But my need to pee was reaching an uncontrollable degree. Just as planned.

As our meals came, we had probably the most important conversation of the night. I had fish and chips, by the way.“Oh, from what Imogen said, I thought you two were a thing.” I said to Britt. After she was talking about trying to find a new girlfriend.

Immy nervously chuckled, “It was more of a friends-with-benefits situation.”

“But as you can see, we managed to stay friends,” Britt added.

“You should have seen the two of us,” Britt said. “Every time she was up here it was a whirlwind fling. We couldn't keep our hands off of each other.” Britt shot Immy a glance, that would have knocked me for six. “Now, I have to use the little girl's room, excuse me” As she said the last part a very relaxed and pleasured expression crossed her perfectly made-up face. I looked under the table and saw a waterfall coming from her seat and a vast pool forming around her feet. It really reminded me of the pressure building up behind my crotch. For my plan to work, I figured, given how hard I found releasing it in the shower, I really needed to really, really need to go, so for now, I just dug into my fish and crossed my legs.

Winona apparently wasn't content with the wine, but to go get something from the bar she had two options, walk through Britt's puddle, or stand on the bench seat and jump across her. She took the second option. When she did, I realised that between her and Britt we could have one fully clothed person, as she was only wearing that cute green sweater. She also didn't like shaving her crotch. This sort of thing shouldn't surprise me by now, given that right behind me there's a fully naked woman in head-to-toe body paint belting out 'Hit Me With Your Best Shot.' This time two nights ago I was nursing a glass of Riesling in my bed while re-watching Beetlejuice. You never know what life will throw at you. And as I felt a couple of droplets hit my panties, I knew I was about to throw something back at life.

The conversation ebbed and flowed around a couple of topics as I felt my flow getting more and more insistent. I started drifting in and out of the conversations as more or less of my focus was needed to keep my pants dry. Finally, I knew my moment was here. I stood up, turned to face them, and said, “You know something girls...” As I did, I let go, fully, in my pants. I felt my gushing pee spread across my crotch, around my butt, and down the insides of my thighs. I felt it run into my sandals, and soak my feet, and I watched it turn into a puddle around me. Just like my experiment in the shower, it felt so good I couldn't help my let out a moan, and I almost let my hand go down my jeans. “...I've decided I like this island.”

Immy cheerfully said, “I think you'll fit in great.”

“Oh my god,” Britt said, “You're already basically a native! We just need to work on your wardrobe.” As she said that last part, she shook her tits.

We kept eating and drinking, and the chat turned to more devious topics, like how I practised and built up confidence for that little performance, and other things to do and places to visit on the island. All of them wanted me to experience an Isla Scythia beach before my time here was up. Before the meal was over I made sure to get all of the girls on Facebook.

On the walk, (or in Immy's case, stumble,) back from dinner, Immy, who was well-lubricated at that point told me she was proud of me for being open to the different culture of the island. As she said that she slapped my now cold and drying ass.

“Are you going to try getting the girls out,” Immy said, giggling, she tried miming lifting up her shirt, but she was so drunk she actually did it, and she wasn't wearing a bra. We both burst out laughing, once we'd calmed down she repeated the question.

“I don't know. I've still got a week here. Or maybe that's more of a next-visit thing.” I can't believe I'm thinking about coming back to pee-your-pants island. I've learned too much about myself these past two days.

She grabbed me by the shoulders and stared right into my eyes. “we've got to sync up our visits here!” She then found the intensity of her staring funny and started laughing. She'd certainly had a few. Her stumbling now had some squirming. She told me she'd often pee herself after drinking, so, at least this time I'd be ready to see her lose control. In a miraculous and herculean effort, she at least made it to the door of her hotel room, right next to mine. As she swiped the keycard I heard a downright sexual moan, her other hand was stuffed in her crotch as a damn alcohol-fueled tidal wave ravaged her tan slacks. I felt I was looking at something I shouldn't, this looked like both a genuine accident and a private sexual moment. I quickly did my keycard and left Imogen to her own devices and feelings.

After getting back to my hotel room I shot Amina a message asking if now was a good time to call, I also sent a picture of my pee-soaked pants. Within 30 seconds she was ringing me, and much like last night, we had our debrief. This time I was a lot more positive about the whole thing and was looking forward to experiencing more of what the island had to offer me. Amina also helped me put an explanation to a feeling. As an adult, you're not supposed to pee in your pants, it's like a rule. But I intentionally broke it. I intentionally broke a normal social rule, well, a normal social rule in the rest of the world. Over here we were all flaunting that, doing our own thing, pissing in all of our pants, and saying, your rules don't apply to me.

*009*2025-01-19 22:55

Hello! I haven't disappeared, goal is to get Part 3 up in the next few days. Then I'll probably call this one done and go get another idea I've got bouncing around in my head committed to the page.

*010*2025-01-20 03:29

Author's note. I got daemons in these fingers, and they make me write stories about women peeing all over everywhere.

I woke up with a bit of a headache, in a hotel room. One of those wasn't new. One was. I've gone to work more than once after draining an entire bottle of wine the night before. I don't think anyone should follow my example. Hell, once or twice I started a day with a tall glass of red instead of a coffee because I knew what was coming to me in that cubicle. Feasibility reports about whether we should add SAS Viya or Monday.com or some other bullshit Greg got a Youtube ad for, to our business management suite. I swear, Patterson's could be doing so much better financially if I wasn't a part of it. I did bullshit jobs for a business I didn't care about.

But as my memory from last night, and yesterday faded back into my poor, poor brain, I realised I didn't have to deal with that. Or men. All I had to deal with was doing one of my bullshit reports while spending a week on an island of just women. As vision came back to me I saw a pair of my pants draped across the back of the reading chair, damp, from crotch to ankle. I'd peed in my pants. Also, it's not new, but the reason was. The memory was coming back, I'd intentionally soaked my jeans, and I liked it. The rest of yesterday faded back into view. Imogen is the best and coolest person I could ever hope to have ever met, and helping me through a traumatic moment in my life. Her friends are super cool and welcoming, nude women singing Pat Benatar, Some delicious fish and chips, an H&M with no change rooms, and of course, so, so many pee-soaked pants.

Those hot dog days? Those are often the days after the entire wine bottle nights. I love Amina, she takes care of me, well I don't LOVE love her. Wait. After some new feelings I've felt on this island, maybe I do. I've never had someone who looked after my wellbeing so much, (Actually, maybe Immy, but I've only known her for one whole day.) It's crazy to me that I only got Amina's mobile number two days ago. Amina's always been there for me. I should tell her that. I should also tell her I'd be down for meeting her after work, or on weekends, possibly at a coffee shop. I'm pretty sure she's single. At this point, Sober Chloe, (who is like, one-tenth of my brain at the moment,) comes in, and asks me if I'm really considering asking a co-worker on a date because I've wet myself twice in two days, and because she feeds me hot dogs. I try to tell Sober Chloe that it's so much more than that, but she's not convinced. Very not convinced.

I try to tell her that the hot dogs thing is her being receptive to my feelings, and being supportive of wherever I am at the time. I try and tell her that Amina has understood me better at any given point than any man I've ever dated. Fucking dating apps. Sober Chloe just calls me a disaster of a person and tells me this isn't the first time I've pissed myself drinking. She's right, of course, on both counts.

No one who spends the odd Friday night Facebook stalking with a bottle of wine in her hands is doing OK. No one who dreams of living in the sims houses they create is at 100%. No one who spends the first five hours of a new year in pee-stained jeans is Good To Go. But I tell Sober Chloe that I've felt so, so much closer to 100% since I pissed my pants on the bus on Thursday than I ever have before. I agree with Sober Chloe that that's an insane statement. But Sober Chloe kind of agrees with me. I think in some ways this makes me more of a disaster of a person, but now I'm leaning into being a fun disaster rather than a depressed disaster.

After a coffee and a tall, tall glass of water, I'm seeing last night with more and more clarity, and Sober Chloe is closing in on being half of my brain, and is getting closer and closer to seeing my viewpoint. These people like me, accept me, and have shown me a new and fun, if strange way of living.

I check my phone and see Imogen telling me we should both do laundry this morning. No argument there. We meet in the hotel's expansive laundry room and each claim a machine. While our machines are going and we're just talking about whatever, another woman enters the room, she's wearing a tight shirt and leggings. She dumps her laundry in a machine, then pauses. Then we hear a mighty hiss and see a dark stain start at her crotch and run down the insides of her thighs. She lets that sit for a few moments before taking off her leggings, using them to wipe up the puddle, wipe her legs and throw them in the laundry as well. She wasn't wearing underwear either. Not that that shocks me anymore.

Immy told me that she had the day booked out with Winona and that Britt was on another couple of flights today. So I had the day to myself. Immy told me that before I left I needed to visit the beach, the museum, and maybe visit the bush. The beach sounded nice. Relaxing in the sun sounded like a great way to let the weekend roll by. Immy then told me I had to get the chicken salad at a little kiosk on the beach, called Dunes.

After the laundry was done I got myself set for a day at the beach, I wore my bikini under shorts and a cami, got myself well sunscreen, and got my book. It's called The Stele Event. It's about the theft of ancient Egyptian Artefacts and a series of murders that happen around them. As I walk to the beach, I see all the same sorts of sights I've come to expect from this island, bare areses, tits bouncing around, pee puddles, women mid accident, though, I feel like accident isn't really the correct word to use here. As I got to the beach, the first thing I did was hunt down two things, Dunes and public toilets. As I was walking down the beach, I noticed that everything going on here was just like in the city centre, just more extreme.

There were so, so many nude women sunbathing, the only way to get an even tan I suppose. And so, so many of their towels were suspiciously damp around the crotch. Still, plenty of women in bikinis and athletic wear. As I wandered down the beach, a little hut came into view, right next to a jetty, picture perfect. It was surrounded by palm trees, picnic tables and barbeques, just like the rest of the island, this could be anywhere in Australia if it weren't for all of the peed pants, leaking lingerie, and public pubes. This must be Dunes. I decide to find somewhere to set up nearby, so I can go to lunch easily when I need to.

I set up my beach towel, strip off down to my Bikini, and crack open The Stele Event. The Merneptah Stele has somehow been stolen and Egyptologists keep turning up dead. Not as insane as the book Imogen was reading, but still delightful trash. As I was reading, two things were happening, my need to pee was building up (naturally the crashing waves were playing havoc with me.) And some very Isla Scythia things were happening around me. There was this woman jogging up and down the beach, at one point, she took a break from her jog near me, to just take a fierce piss right through her athletic shorts. She turned them so many shades darker. After she took some deep breaths and shook the droplets off her legs, she went right back to jogging.

Now this next one was new to me. A woman in a bright pink bikini stood in front of me, facing the water. I couldn't help but glance over, because she was exceptionally pretty. Then, just when I thought Isla Scythia had no more surprises for me, I saw the back of her bikini bottom slowly tent out. She was shitting herself! Right in front of me! Without a care in the world! Afterwards, she wet herself then slipped down her bikini bottoms, allowing me to look at her poop-stained arse, then wandered off into the water to go clean up. Watching her pee through her bikini reminded me of my need. It also reminded me I never actually found the public toilet, if there even was one. Actually, given what Pink Bikini just did, I bet there wasn't one anywhere nearby.

Sober Chloe is now mostly in control and doesn't want to wet herself this publicly. Though I'm going to start calling her Mainland Chloe, and my other side is Island Chloe. Island Chloe wanted to follow Immy's example from the plane, just with less cleanup. Bikinis and towels are meant to get wet anyway. So I just went back to my book and kept reading, and let my bladder get fuller. It wasn't too long before I was really squirming and Mainland Chloe was telling me that I should at least go into the water to relieve myself. Island Chloe was fighting back, Island Chloe wanted to wet myself. Island Chloe had a plan, the longer this conflict went on, the more likely she was just going to win anyway. So Island Chloe played for time. At this point, I was really struggling to focus on my book and one of my hands found itself lodged in my crotch, my legs were bouncing.

The waves were really not helping, or, if you're Island Chloe, they were. Mainland Chloe was getting really agitated. Making me think about shame, embarrassment, and the humiliation of peeing myself in public. She made me think about the incident I had on New Year's in Footscray. Island Chloe was telling me to just let it go, it's normal here. My need was getting bad, now I didn't even think I could make it to the water if I wanted to. So I just let my book rest on my stomach and squeezed my legs together. Jammed my hand in my crotch, and let nature take its course.

I felt it just jet out of me, rush through my fingers, and over the tops of my thighs, and I felt great. So naughty, so taboo, so... warm. I had to restrain myself from putting my hand inside my bikini and just playing right there. After I had calmed myself down from that, and dried my hands on my towel, I went back to my book, and the hours just slipped away. What brought me back to the here and now was pangs of hunger, so I packed all my stuff back up, and prepared to try Immy's recommendation from Dunes.

It felt so strange walking into a restaurant wearing pee-stained clothing. My bikini bottoms had gone two-tone. Good strange, not bad strange, Mainland Chloe was in a tizzy about this. Island Chloe was really taking control at this point. Also, I think I have to admit, that Island Chloe is kinda gay. Like, really kind gay. I had some real feelings of some kind of way when I saw Dunes' cashier was just in see-through lingerie. I may just be having some really heightened feelings given what I've just done in my clothes, and how it was making me feel down there. I stumbled my way through ordering a chicken salad and kombucha, and Immy was right, it was excellent.

I spent another few hours on the beach and got a lot further through my book. I even peed myself once more. Pretty sure I saw someone pee on someone else out of the corner of my eye. A nice relaxing day on the beach all told. As I prepared to head to the hotel, Mainland Chloe was insisting that I put the shorts and cami back on, I told her she was being ridiculous. Culture over here didn't mind if you wore skimpy clothing in town, or pee-soaked clothing, or both. I told her on this island it didn't matter if I wore a pee-stained bikini through the city. She didn't like that but had to concede the point.

As I was wandering back through the city, I saw a woman wearing very tight jeans squirming about with both of her hands jammed in her crotch. She looked distressed. She looked like how I must have looked on the plane, I felt a huge pang of sympathy. I went over to her.

“Are you okay,” I said, “are you new to the island?”

“yeah,” She struggled out, “I'm a local, I just set myself a challenge I'm about to fail.” Her voice whimpering and wavering all the way through that sentence. After that, she closed her eyes, threw her head back, bit her lip, and let the biggest waterfall I had ever seen right into her jeans, the wet patch went up to the button of her jeans, totally covering her crotch and all the way around and down her legs. My jaw, for like, the seventh time since Thursday, hit the floor.

The woman wiped her hands on her shirt, then looked at her phone, and disappointingly said, “I had another twenty minutes.”

After that, she walked off and I heard her shoes squelching. Those were truly the most pissed pants I had ever seen. I didn't know the human body could hold that much. The only dry fabric remaining was on the outsides of her thighs and the top of her butt. Incredible.

After a lovely day at the beach, and even more new experiences, and learning even more about myself I grabbed some pho on the way home, wait. I just thought of this place as home. I'm truly far gone, Island Chloe has won. Then and there I decided that I wasn't going to pee in a toilet for the rest of the week. Maybe even give myself a challenge like the girl I just met had. Might even ask Amina on a date when I get back.

