The Story of Cole Harris Richmond

Author: Finishuser4444

*000*2021-12-27 03:35

Authors note-All events and characters in this story are completley fictional, and any similarties with real life events or people are purley cooincidental.

There he sat, Cole Richmond, in his Orange Jumpsuit. She had waited over 4 months before she was allowed to meet with him. She didn't believe she would be allowed to interview him, and well, there he is. Cole Harris Richmond, sentenced to death by lethal injection for 88 counts of Murder.

"How are you feeling today?" She asks, trying to start the conversation. "Good, I feel good today" Cole replies. "You know why I am here, I would like to ask you some questions, would you answer them for me?" She asks, "Yes I would, I have nothing to loose anymore, ill be dead in a month or so anyway." Cole answers. "Okay then" She takes her phone and starts an audio recording. "Can you start from well, the start. Tell me what you want." She asks him. "Well, why not, I was born on May 17th 1992 in a small border town called Lativi located in Midnight Sun County, In Texas, I dont remember much prior to the age of 12 or so, probably because nothing particuraly intresting happend in my life up to that point." He pauses for a few seconds.

"I only really remember that I went to shcool and other stuff like that. I remember that the CBP stopped in town almost everyday. My family was religous, almost everyone in that town was. So I remember when I was in 8th grade, it all started it 8th grade." Cole says, "What started in 8th grade exactly?" She asks him. "My intrest in Omorashi started in 8th grade, the thing that brought me into this very room that I am currently sitting in." Cole replies.

"Do you know why it started?" The interviewer asks Cole. "I dont actually have an answer to that question, but I can answer what the exact moment it started. It started when I saw a girl in my class piss herself outside our classroom, I dont know why, but it just felt so good to see her. I couldn't think of anything else for the rest of that day. I remember that she was teased for it for a while, but it stopped after something happend. "

"What Happend?" The interviewer asks, "Well her Father was a Deputy for the local Sherrif's Office" and when he was driving her home from shcool, I think this was maybe one week or so after she had her accident, both of them were shot by a Mexican, she survived, her Father was not that lucky, he Died the very next day." Cole pauses for a few moments before he continues. "The Mexican didn't get far, I heard he was shot by a member of the public only a few minutes later."

"I remember when she came back to shcool, she didn't care about anything anymore, she just stared at the ground all day. She never really talked to anyone that much after that. She moved out of there after 9th grade anyway, I believe she lived here actually, in Colorado."

"How about your Friends, who were they, what did you do?" She asks Cole, "Im not going to name anyone, since they probably dont want to be affiliated with me anymore, but we did usual Guy-stuff you know, played fotball, rode bikes, all that stuff you know." He replies. "Did you ever have Girlfriend Cole, if you dont mind me asking?"

"No, not at all, I have had 3, the first one was when I was 16, im not going to name her either, because she probably doesn't want to be affiliated with me either, but well I was walking home from shcool one day, and she started talking with me, and then she just said thats she has always liked me but never said anything, and asked if she Could be my Girlfriend, Just like that, i said Yes, ofcourse she was Hot i mean, however sadly it only lasted for 3 months or so, after i got into a fight with both my Parents, over something really, really, really stupid, i decided to take all of my 300 dollars i had, and just left, i wrote a letter to the Girl tho, i dropped it in her mailbox the night i left, There was no train station in the town i lived in, or any long-range buses, so i decided to just walk to the nearest larger town, it was pretty far, but i got help from a woman driving in the middle of the night, who dropped me of at the nearest larger town.

After that i bought a train ticket for all the money i had, and ended up in some place just outside Chicago, i didnt have any money, i didn't have anything, even tho i was only 16 i was able to work in some Older mans food store, it was alright, the pay was Okay and i was allowed to live in his basement, so it was fine i guess. But-" Cole is interupted by a Correctional Officer saying "Hey Both of you, your 30 minutes have passed." Cole stands up as he is handcuffed by the Correctional officer, "Will i see you again, Salinda." Cole asks, "I think you will." She answers.

END OF CHAPTER 1.

