Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 10

Author: Fuchsa9073

*231*2024-07-29 05:16

The Campbell household fell into a familiar routine: Erica reported to the school for community service before lunch, by evening she was cleaning restrooms in soaking wet pants, she would be publicly inspected and spanked as part of Local Amendment 26, and she would go home to be spanked again by her sister, her friends, and her friends’ husbands. Grace would get up in the morning and let her mom fasten the diaper she would wear under her clothes, just before lunch she would join the other hygiene offenders outside the nurse's office to wait until it was time to have her diaper changed, after school Tony would drive Grace home and make out with her as he stripped her out of her diaper, when her mother returned home in the evening Grace would join Aunt Julie and her mom's friends to be witness to Eric's nightly wet punishment, and the night would end with Grace tearfully telling her mom that she was sorry for causing it all. The days were embarrassing, but went by quickly.

“I am so glad today is your last day of community service” said Grace, as she poured a bowl of cereal.

“Not just that, but tomorrow is my final Saturday corporal punishment session; my sanctions are nearly complete!” said Erica. “I just wish your punishment was ending, too.”

“I'm beginning to get used to it” admitted Grace. “Once I convinced myself that it was acceptable to pee in a diaper, my days got a bit easier. I'm following the advice from the others and peeing myself a few minutes before we get changed at lunchtime; the diaper is still hot and uncomfortable but at least it is only wet for a few minutes of my school day. I'll be eternally grateful to you for not making me wear them at home,” continued Grace. “Being allowed to change out of my diaper as soon as I get home has kept my punishment pretty tolerable.”

“I just can't see how taking away your toilet training will benefit you in the future” said Erica. “I know Bethany Vargas and her husband decided to require Maria to use diapers until she graduates from college, I just think that after over 4 years in diapers, it will be difficult for a 22 year old woman to go through potty training again.”

“Of course they punish differently in their house” continued Erica. “Now that Bethany's sanctions from the PTA Conduct Committee have ended, I heard that her husband is still holding her responsible for what happened during Maria's difficulties; the rumor is that Bethany has to spend a year in diapers as punishment for all the times she peed her pants during her sanctions.”

Grace looked at her mom, “I know you'd love to see Heather Blanc get sanctioned again, but I'm sure glad Jenny has figured out how to get through the day at school while on restriction. She only has a few days left, I really think she's going to make it without being a three time offender.”

“Good for her! As much as her mom bothers me, I really would feel bad for Jenny if she wet herself again,” said Erica. “I wouldn't have minded if Sophie Larkin had a few more days of appearing before the PTA Conduct Committee for a Local Amendment 26 inspection, but I'm glad for Michelle that she made it through her toilet restriction without an accident.”

Grace shook her head a little. “You are probably the only one who is happy for Michelle. Every student in school wanted to see her in wet pants, she didn't learn anything during her restriction. Adam turned into a pretty decent person but Michelle is still an arrogant bully. I feel about her the way you feel about Heather Blanc!”

“Well, I'm glad it's just down to me and Cassidy Bowman who are at risk of wetting our pants every day,” said Erica. “Any mom under sanctions is at risk, but most only serve a few hours of community service at a time, so the risk of losing control is minimal. I sure hope there's never another student and mother in our position.”

“I'm not holding my breath,” said Grace. “The principal seems to be using toilet restriction as a punishment quite regularly. The only true accidents were from Maria and me, the rest were just because of toilet restriction being used as a punishment. Those humiliating assemblies will be a regular occurrence until the principal stops using toilet restriction as a favorite punishment.”

“I suppose you are right,” sighed Erica. “Speaking of punishment, you better get going; I don't want to be appearing before the Conduct Committee this evening because you were Tardy for the 1st Period.” Erica hugged her daughter goodbye and began to prepare for her final day of community service.

*******************************

Erica pushed the cleaning cart into the nurse's office and diligently set to scrubbing while the nurse was tending to a sobbing student sitting on the examination table. Erica recognized the young woman as someone Grace had been in school with since kindergarten; she also recognized an odor that gave away the reason why the 18 year old senior was crying. Erica overheard the nurse saying “Abby, you admitted to feeling the urge to go before the passing time between 2nd and 3rd period, but you didn't use the restroom before 3rd period started, based on that, your accident is considered a hygiene violation. The medication you started yesterday includes diarrhea as a side effect, so the accident you just had potentially qualifies you for a medical excuse. Just sit tight, I'll be back in a few minutes after I decide what to do with you.”

As the nurse stepped to her desk she whispered to Erica, “She timed that poorly. The accident may be medically excused, but she was standing at the teacher's desk waiting for the hall pass to be written when she lost control. Those gray leggings didn't hide anything from her classmates. I'm sure several smartphones recorded her accident. I don't think I'm going to write her up, so she won't be on stage at an assembly, but she'll still be all over the internet.”

The nurse went to a cabinet and pulled out some supplies, returning to Abby she said, “I'm not going to refer you to the principal for discipline, but this will still be unpleasant. Because your illness is not contagious, I am not allowed to send you home for the day. Now lay back on the table and I'll start getting you cleaned up so you can return class.”

The nurse peeled off the soiled leggings and placed them in a clear plastic bag. Next, Abby's formerly white panties went into a second clear plastic bag. The nurse skillfully wiped all traces of the accident from Abby's skin. The girl yelped when she saw what the nurse grabbed next. “I don't need a diaper!” protested the embarrassed student. “I have my gym clothes in my locker, there's spare underwear in my gym bag. Please go get my gym clothes!”

“No Abby,” said the nurse. “You are required to wear a diaper when you return to class. Since you have soiled yourself, you are required to wear a diaper for as long as you are taking a prescription that includes diarrhea as a side effect. It looks like you will be done with this prescription by the end of next week, after that you may wear your own underwear again.”

The nurse produced orange colored sweatpants next. “These are a signal to the teachers that you are experiencing hygiene difficulties as part of a medical issue. They will know to give you a pass to come to my office if they believe you need fresh protection.”

“Noooo!” howled the humiliated woman. “Can I please just have my spare clothes?” she begged. “Everyone will know that I pooped my pants if I wear this for the rest of the day.”

“These are the rules, Abby,” said the nurse. “Be thankful I am granting you a medical excuse. I could have written it up as poor planning on your part. Surely orange sweatpants and diapers are better than being left in your poopy leggings while you wait for a spanking in front of the entire school.”

“Please don't make me go to class like this!” pleaded Abby. “They'll all tease me! Please let me wear my gym shorts!”

“No, Abby.” The nurse was firm, “I have already emailed your mother with the details of what happened and the requirements for you attending class next week. She knows to expect you in those pants when you get home.” The nurse handed the 2 plastic bags to Abby, “Your mother is expecting you to arrive home with these as well. Put them in your locker until the end of the day; don't even think of throwing them away!”

The young woman sobbed as she took the shame filled bags and trudged out the door.

“Stupid rules,” muttered the nurse as soon as Abby was gone. She turned to Erica, “A memo came out yesterday afternoon; beginning next week any student who has a known medical issue that may increase the odds of an accident is required to wear incontinence protection, if they don't wear the protection any accident they have will be referred for discipline. For today I still have the discretion to give a medical excuse, but starting Monday, anyone in Abby's position would have to be punished. Abby won't have a hygiene violation on her record, but being forced into orange sweatpants and a diaper is still a degrading consequence.”

“The orange pants are new,” continued the nurse. “Beginning today any student who is wearing a diaper is required to wear orange sweatpants. The official reason is to discreetly signal to teachers which students are wearing diapers, but we all know it is the opposite of discreet. I received a box full of orange pants this morning. Your daughter and all the other diapered hygiene violators will be issued their new pants today when Cassidy Bowman changes their diapers before lunch. Just one more thing to add to the public humiliation of being a high school hygiene violator.”

*******************************

Erica was mopping the 2nd floor girls room after lunch when a group of girls entered. As usual Erica moved her cart to the corner and waited. As expected the gossip again centered around the accident that had happened before lunch.

“I heard that when she came into class halfway through 4th period, there was a crinkly noise, do you think they gave her a diaper?”

“I don't know why there isn't an assembly scheduled for this afternoon, I saw her shit herself plain as day.”

“Did the nurse give her pants from the lost and found?”

“I heard all the diaper kids got those pants.”

Soon the girls left for class and Erica was left alone with her thoughts. She wondered how Grace was coping with the added penalty of being required to wear identifying pants over her diaper. Cassidy Bowman was not known for being empathetic to the students whose diapers she changed; how had she treated them today? Erica wondered what it would be like to spend weeks of her life wearing special pants anytime she went out in public; as a twinge of pressure was felt in her bladder, she decided it was better than pissing herself everyday and then being paraded on stage and stripped out of her pants in front of a crowd.

An hour later Erica was scrubbing urinals when the next passing time came around. The gossip in the boys room was similar to what had been said by the girls. “I saw the video, it was nasty.”

“I can't believe a senior shit herself.”

“If you thought the video was bad, you should have been in the room when it happened, the stench was disgusting!”

“Why didn't they call an assembly? Abby deserves a spanking for pooping all over herself.”

Erica scrubbed and mopped all afternoon. She was on her knees scrubbing a urinal on the second floor when she recognized the familiar pressure in her bladder. Erica was shocked to see that it was already 5:30! She normally felt the first urge to pee much earlier in the afternoon, most days by 5:30 she had already ruined her underwear, and sometimes had even soaked her pants. Erica realized she might actually have the ability to pass her Local Amendment 26 inspection!

As time went on Erica's bladder continued to send signals of filling. She found herself wiggling and squirming as she scrubbed and mopped, but at no point did she feel like a leak was inevitable. When it came time for the 7pm PTA Conduct Committee meeting she was still dry!

The Committee quickly processed the short list of mothers who had children who had been tardy that day, getting to the Local Amendment 26 inspection by 7:10. Cassidy Bowman was called first, her black leggings had a slightly darker hue down the inside of each thigh and around the lower part of her rear end, Mrs Lind was quick to announce the finding as Cassidy took her position. As the external physical inspection concluded Mrs Lind reported, “Dampness in her crotch, down her legs and on her buttocks.” When Mrs Lind pulled down Cassidy's leggings the white panties confirmed her failure, “She has visible yellow staining to her underwear and the distinct odor of urine emanating from the fabric.” Erica gleefully watched Cassidy receive her 10 swats. The show was more enjoyable knowing she was not about to suffer the same fate!

Erica proudly stood before Mrs Lind as her inspection began. “No visible staining and no odor of urine or feces.” Erica didn't flinch as Mrs Lind felt the backside and inner seam of her pants, “The material is dry with no soft mass over the buttocks.” Erica did not wince in shame as her pants were pulled down and her pink panties exposed to the crowd, “No staining or odor to her underwear.”

As Erica pulled up her pants, the Committee Chair addressed her. “We are pleased you passed your Local Amendment 26 inspection on your final day of service to the school. We wish you luck with the final Saturday corporal punishment session tomorrow; just remember, Local Amendment 26 applies there as well. I hope you don't earn extra swats tomorrow!”

Though not on the verge of an accident, Erica still had a very full bladder. She hurried to her car and drove to the nearest gas station with clean restrooms to relieve the rapidly increasing pressure from her bladder. When she arrived home Grace, Julie, her friends, and their husbands were all waiting for her; everyone was excited that Erica did not require punishment that evening. The mood was so upbeat and cheery that an impromptu party was held to celebrate.

*********************************

Saturday morning was slow going for Erica. “I guess I had a little too much wine last night,” she said over breakfast. “Who knew that not peeing in my pants for one afternoon would be cause for such a celebration.” Erica watched Grace taking her dirty dishes to the sink. The orange sweatpants were tight over the bulk of the diaper worn by Grace. “I wish they weren't making you wear those pants.”

“Yeah, this new ‘uniform’ sucks,” agreed Grace. At least today it's only the short amount of time I'm on school grounds for your session with the PTA. I'm not thrilled about wearing them every school day until graduation, but I'll survive. Everyone already knew I was wearing a diaper, I guess the visual reminder that I'm being punished isn't going to give away any secrets.”

A look at the clock prompted them to hurry out of the house; Erica couldn't risk being late for a Saturday corporal punishment session.

The chair of the PTA Conduct Committee opened the session with a short speech to the packed auditorium about the reduction in misbehavior since the implementation of the Maternal Responsibility Act. When the chair had concluded her remarks the punishment session began with the lower level paddlings. As Amy Hawthorne bent over to receive 6 swats for her daughter's overdue library book, Grace looked across the stage at her mother and saw a grimace as Erica shifted positions. A few minutes later Leslie Weaver was receiving 10 swats because her son had been tardy, when Grace noticed another squirm from her mother. During Marcie McClain's paddling of 12 swats for her daughter's dress code violation, Grace observed her mother scrunch her face and hold her abdomen for a few moments. It was clear to Grace that her mom needed a trip to the restroom.

After a few more short punishments, the crowd of several hundred was treated to the first long paddling of the day. Stephanie Douglas grabbed her ankles to prepare for her 25 swat sanction due to her son's habitual truancy. A murmur arose from the crowd as the denim went taut over her round bottom, clearly they approved!

The first half dozen swats didn't bring much reaction from the 46 year old woman; her son's attendance issues had brought her to Saturday PTA punishment sessions 5 times already. By swat number 11 she was beginning to lose her composure and on the 13th swat she cried out in pain. The PTA member wielding the paddle continued to strike with force, but on the 19th swat the paddling was paused so the audience could watch a dark stain spread across the seat of Stephanie Douglas’ jeans; the stain rapidly ran down the back of her thighs, knees, and calves before a visible yellow trickle could be seen falling from the bottom of her pant legs.

When the urine finished pooling around her feet the paddling resumed. When the 25 strokes had been administered the crying mother stood up and turned toward the side of the stage, only to be stopped by the chair of the Conduct Committee, “You have violated Local Amendment 26 by urinating on yourself while being sanctioned. Please bend back over for the additional 10 swat penalty.”

The sobbing wet woman reluctantly displayed her soaked buttocks to the crowd and wailed through her extra punishment.

Cassidy Bowman glared at the section reserved for the student offenders; Grace saw Adam glare right back. Grace turned to her fellow wetter, who was also wearing the designated orange sweatpants, she whispered, “Has it been bad?”

Adam nodded, “Not only do I get whipped with the belt, but I spend all evening smelling my old accidents. She plans to keep live streaming my punishment every night for 6 months. The day mom shit her pants at the PTA meeting pushed her over the edge; she blames me for her humiliation and there's no way my punishment will end early.” Grace glimpsed a small smile from Adam as the first crack of the paddle smacked his mother's butt.

Cassidy Bowman wailed, sobbed, screamed, and howled as the paddle relentlessly whacked her bottom. More than a few times she jumped up in pain and rubbed the seat of her pants until she was forced to bend over again so the penalty could resume. After what seemed like an eternity all 50 swats had been delivered, Cassidy rubbed her butt as she rushed away from the paddle. A glance at Adam's face revealed he was disappointed his mother had not endured the same embarrassing loss of bladder control as Stephanie Douglas.

Erica was called forward to take her place at the front of the stage. She took short steps as she moved herself into position. Beads of sweat dripped from her brow as she took hold of her ankles. The assembled crowd mostly assumed she was worried about her impending paddling, but Grace knew better. Her mom had been spanked so many times the past several weeks that a paddling wasn't going to cause her fear; Grace recognized her mother's agony for what it was, her attempts to not have a public accident in her pants.

Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… ooh!

Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… ahhhh!

Her paddling paused, and within seconds a stain began to soak through her underwear and jeans.

HISSS! Grace saw the golden liquid start at her mom's crotch as it flowed down her denim covered legs until it formed a puddle at Erica's feet. Shame reddened the punished mother's face.

When the urine pouring from Erica's saturated jeans slowed to a drip, the paddle once again began to crack down on her bruised flesh. Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack…

Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack…Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack…

The punishment paused and Erica stood up and faced the crowd. Grace could see that her mother wanted to retreat to a private place, but instead her mom stood still in the middle of the stage. The Conduct Committee Chair addressed Erica and the assembled crowd, “Your flagrant violation of Local Amendment 26 has earned you the added penalty of an additional 10 swats. This added penalty will be administered over your underwear.”

Grace watched as her mother turned her wet bottom to the audience and lowered her jeans. Erica once again bent over and braced herself for the extra penalty. Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack!

With her final paddling complete, Erica waddled to the car. Grace profusely apologized, “I'm so sorry mom. It's all my fault! I feel horrible that you are suffering so much for my wet pants.”

“I'll be ok”. Erica reached into the trunk and grabbed a plastic bag which she put on the upholstery before easing her sore butt onto the seat. “Let's go see what Julie has in store for my final punishment.”

*********************************

When Erica and Grace arrived home they found Amy and Eddie, Katie and Paul, Martha and Jason, and Julie waiting. “I noticed the other day that your living room is starting to smell like pee, from all the days you've stood there in your wet pants getting spanked”, said Julie. “Since it's such a nice day, I think maybe we should do today's punishment outside.” To Erica's relief Julie led the group to the back yard. Only Katie seemed disappointed that Erica's final humiliation would not occur on the front lawn.

“You have wet yourself too many times to count”! started Julie. “Today's punishment will need to be memorable. We'll begin by having each of your friends spank you 10 times on the seat of your wet jeans with a belt, your pants will be removed and each of your friends will administer another 10 swats of the belt across your wet underwear, the wet underwear will be moved to your face as each of your friends again spanks you ten times on the bare butt with the belt, and of course your punishment will end with 2 hours of being displayed in front of your witnesses.

Erica bent at her hips, so the belt punishment could begin. Julie wielded the belt first, followed by Amy, Eddie, Martha, Jason, Paul and finally Katie. To no one's surprise Katie swung the belt a little harder than the others.

For the second time that day Erica peeled her damp jeans down her legs in front of witnesses, she was thankful that she only had 8 witnesses this time, and not the hundreds that watched at the PTA. The thin wet panties provided little protection from the leather belt and soon Erica howled as her friends whipped her butt for the second time.

Eddie, Jason, and Katie smiled in delight as Erica gagged when the piss soaked underwear was placed over her face. Paul felt bad as he watched her suffer the indignation of being forced to inhale her own incontinence. Paul didn't feel bad for long as his eyes once again took in the sight of Erica's completely naked body, soon he was happily admiring her bare ass as he watched it jiggle under the impact of the belt.

It didn't take long before the final lash of the belt fell. Erica gave her final wail of pain before beginning her 2 hours of naked display. Erica stood naked (except for the wet panties on her face) and listened as her friends chatted. Erica and her wet predicaments were the focus of the conversations and Erica knew her naked body was receiving lots of looks.

It had been less than two hours since she'd wet herself at the PTA punishment session, but she felt the very familiar pressure in her lower abdomen; Erica knew her friends were about to watch her pee. Erica fidgeted and squirmed, knowing her swaying boobs and jiggling butt were telling the group of her increasing need. The first hot gush to leave her body shot swiftly to the ground and soaked into the grass. Erica was grateful Julie had suggested using the backyard for punishment; every time she peed on a towel during one of her punishments she had worried it would soak through and stain the carpet.

Erica clenched her thighs together as she felt another spurt, this one dribbled down her legs before seeping into the grass. Soon Erica's willpower gave out and she released a full torrent of urine that poured to the lawn. Eddie, Katie and Jason howled in delight. No matter how many times they'd watched Erica disgrace herself, they still found it hilarious.

Finally Erica's 2 hours of display was over, Julie brought her a bathrobe so she could cover up. “I'm proud of you Sis. You took all your punishments without complaint, not just from me, but from the PTA as well.

You've really shown Grace what it means to be responsible.”

Julie turned to her niece next, “You too, Grace. You took all your punishments well from your mom and the school. You never tried to blame someone else and you've always accepted responsibility for what you did. You are a fine young woman.”

****************************************

A month after Grace graduated school, Erica received an unexpected letter:

Dear Ms Campbell,

As the Maternal Responsibility Act has grown, the government has found a need for more magistrates to hear cases of mothers whose adult children have been convicted of traffic or criminal offenses. Based on your unique experience as a recipient of sanctions from your local PTA, your reputation as a woman with a sense of fairness and an understanding of the need for discipline and accountability, as well as your unwavering support for the Maternal Responsibility Act, I would like to appoint you as a Maternal Responsibility Act Magistrate. I wish you great success in your new position as magistrate!

Sincerely,

Governor Allison Smyth

