Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 7

Author: Fuchsa9073

*163*2023-01-28 07:33

Erica felt like she was moments away from pissing herself, the sharp pressure behind her urethral opening was excruciating! She was so focused on her desire to sit on the toilet she was scrubbing, that she was oblivious to anything else. Her thighs, buttocks, and abdomen were tensed as Erica fought through a wave of urgency.

BUZZZZZZZZ!!!!!

Erica gave a yelp and jumped. She quickly turned around, searching for whomever had just struck her right butt cheek with a cattle prod ... but there was no one there. After a few seconds Erica realized that in her dire need she had grossly over reacted; what she had felt was merely her cell phone vibrating in her back pocket!

Her next realization was unpleasant. Erica's jeans now had a wet spot between the thighs. The surprise of the vibrating cell phone had caused her to momentarily lose control. Erica hated that she had just wet herself a little (she was also relieved that she had only leaked instead of a complete soaking).

She finally looked at her phone to see what message was so important. Erica let out an audible sigh as she read the text from Grace: I didn't make it all day. Thankfully it didn't happen until I got out of the building so there's no violation.

Erica replied back: Oh honey, I'm sorry it happened again. How bad was it?

It was a pretty big accident. The only one to see it was Tony. He was really nice about it....again. He's going to hang out here til you get home.

I'm glad he was nice to you. Just because Tony is there doesn't mean anything changes!

I know, mom...I'm still wearing them. I'll leave them on until you spank me. I even remember my cousins have to come watch.

Erica went back to cleaning. As she knelt down in front of the toilet she could feel the dampness from her leak. She hoped the wet spot would dry before the nightly PTA Conduct Committee meeting; Erica was pretty sure this would count as a violation of Local Amendment 26.

As the next hour went on the wet spot became less visible, but her jeans still felt damp. The notice from the PTA was vague, it didn't specify how a mother would be inspected at the end of a day; Erica sure hoped it would be a cursory visual inspection of her pants. Erica gave a brief shiver as she thought of the consequences she might face if a PTA member conducted a thorough examination; there would be no hiding the yellow stains in her white panties.

The leak Erica had experienced temporarily eased the pressure, now with an hour left in her day, the pressure was rapidly returning. Erica was trying to stand with her legs apart to allow the damp cotton to dry, but she was overwhelmed by the urge to pee; Erica found herself pressing her thighs together and twisting her hips. Her damp thighs clamped together seeemed to abate the need to pee.

As the last hour ticked by, Erica's cleaning duties dragged on. The constant sloshing of water was an ongoing torture as Erica fought to keep her urine from cascading down her legs. The frequent squirms that interrupted her mopping were successful at keeping more leaks from escaping Erica's bladder.

Erica put the cleaning cart away as a member of the PTA came to escort her to the Conduct Committee meeting. When they entered the room Erica smirked as she saw Heather Blanc standing on the right side of the stage, Heather was glaring at her daughter. On the left side of the stage Jenny Blanc was staring at the floor, doing her best to avoid eye contact with her mom.

The committee chair open the meeting with the reading of the docket.

Monica Hoyt -37- son, Paul, freshman - Section D, 1st offense - dress code violation (inappropriate shirt).

Lynn Hassen -36- son, Dale, sophmore- Section L, 1st offense- swearing in school.

Emily Green- 39- son, Will, sophmore - Section L, 2nd offense- swearing in school.

Heather Blanc- 44- daughter,Jenny, senior- Section H, 2nd offense - urinated in her pants.

Erica Campbell-42- local Amendment 26 inspection.

The Conduct Committee moved with efficiency. Lynn Hassen was sanctioned with 6 swats of corporal punishment and 1 hour community service to the school. Emily Green was sanctioned 12 swats of corporal punishment and 2 hours of service to school. Monica Hoyt was sanctioned 8 swats of corporal punishment and 1 hour community service to the school.

Erica's full bladder required near constant attention. She was squeezing her thighs together when the Blancs were called forward. Erica perked up as the Blancs made their way to the middle of the stage. Jenny trudged forward clearly unhappy about having to walk with her wet pants sticking to her legs. Heather stepped quickly forward, her facial expression showing annoyance at being called before the committee.

Heather looked exasperated as her daughter's offense was read into the official record. The committee chair turned to Heather "We would like to know how your daughter's previous offense was handled in your household?"

"That night when we got home I spanked her butt" Heather replied. "After a long spanking, Jenny's wet panties were tacked to her bedroom door; she spent the next two hours with her nose pressed against her wet panties. Her stained panties are still tacked to her door for everyone to see. She spends an hour each evening standing with her nose against the yellow stain, at the end of the hour she is given a spanking. This punishment was set to continue until she went 30 days without an accident. Now that she has pissed herself again, the punishment will increase."

The committee chair looked at Jenny, "Do you have anything to add?"

Jenny sobbed "I didn't want to wet myself! It only is happening because I'm on restriction, if the school would lift the restriction I can guarantee I wouldn't pee my pants ever again! Not at school not at home not anywhere! This is really horrible I'll never let it happen again!"

"Based on the testimony, the Conduct Committee sees no mitigating factors." The chair looked directly at Heather Blanc, "Under the terms of the Maternal Responsibility Act you are found to be partially responsible for your daughter's continuing misbehavior. The conduct committee will impose the standard second offense sanction of 50 swats of corporal punishment and 40 hours of community service to the school. Since this is your second appearance before the Conduct Committee in the same week we don't believe it is in your physical best interests to receive both sessions of corporal punishment on the same day. At this Saturday's corporal punishment session you will receive the first 25 swats that you were sanctioned with at your prior hearing. The 50 swats of corporal punishment that were assigned today will be carried out at next week's Saturday corporal punishment session."

Heather Blanc glared at her daughter as they were dismissed back to the waiting areas on the side of the stage. Everyone in attendance was well aware Jenny's butt would be the target of a long and painful spanking when the hearing was concluded. Erica only had a brief moment to feel sorry for the obviously humiliated young woman.

Erica was quite anxious as she stood before the Conduct Committee. She knew her pants had dried to the point of her leak no longer being visible, but she knew if her underwear was checked her small accident would no longer be hidden.

"I'm pleasantly surprised to see that you are not standing in a puddle" commented the committee chair. "Based on how your last several days have gone I expected your jeans to be saturated."

"Maintaining control has certainly been difficult" admitted Erica.

"Under the authorization of Local Amendment 26 to the Maternal Responsibility Act, you are to be inspected to verify that you have not acted in an unhygienic manner while serving today's sanctions. The inspection will be carried out by Mrs Lind, please follow the instructions of the inspector."

A middle-aged woman, stood up from the committees table and approached Erica. "Place your hands on top of your head and leave them there until instructed otherwise. I need you to spread your legs until your feet are approximately 24 inches apart." Erica hated spreading her legs as she got into position, she was terrified she would have another bladder leak if she wasn't able to keep her thighs pressed together.

The inspector slowly walked a circle around Erica, stopping frequently to look at her jeans from several angles. Next, Mrs Lind got down on her knees and stared directly at Erica's crotch from no more than a few inches away. Erica's respirations became more rapid as she panicked at what Mrs Lind might be observing. The inspector moved behind Erica and again knelt, this time staring at Erica's buttocks.

After rising to her feet, Mrs Lind turned to the committee chair, "The hands-off external inspection is complete; there are no visible stains, wet marks, or bulges. I did detect the faint odor of stale urine coming from her jeans, there was no odor of feces."

Mrs Lind once again stepped behind Erica, the inspector's hand began to pat Erica on the buttocks. Tears of shame rolled down Erica's face as the inspector's hand reached to the front of Erica's crotch. The inspector's hands patted each of Erica's thighs before Mrs Lind address to the committee chair a second time. "The hands-on external inspection revealed dampness from the crotch of her jeans down each thigh approximately 4 inches. There's no dampness around her buttocks."

Erica trembled as the inspector unbuttoned her jeans and slowly push them down to Erica's ankles. Erica's white panties were slightly yellowed and visibly damp. Mrs Lind walked behind Erica and pulled out the elastic band at the back of her panties. The inspector promptly reported to the committee chair: "There is no feces present in the rear of her underwear, the gusset shows urine staining and obvious wetness to the front and bottom."

"Ms Campbell, you are in violation of Local Amendment 26 of the Maternal Responsibility Act. You failed to maintain your hygiene while under sanction. As punishment you will be given 10 swats with a wooden paddle over your wet undergarments. Do you have anything you would like to say before the punishment is carried out?"

"It was wrong of me to fail to control my bladder this afternoon, all week really. I accept my punishment."

Erica glanced at Heather Blanc, it was Heather's turn to smirk as Mrs Lind walked toward Erica with a wooden paddle in her hand. Erica hoped with all her heart that Heather Blanc would find herself in this same position someday soon.

"Leave your feet where they are" directed Mrs Lind. "I need you to move your hands from the top of your head, please grab your ankles."

As Erica bent forward she knew the audience was getting a better look at her wet panties. The view didn't last long as Mrs Lind placed the paddle directly over the wet underwear and began to swing.

Whap... Whap... Whap... Whap...

The swats weren't as painful as those administered at a Saturday session, or the spanks given by Julie. This punishment, though short and not very painful, became Erica's worst punishment ever.

Whap... Whap... pssssssssss...

As Erica's over filled bladder emptied, Mrs Lind stepped back to avoid having urine splatter onto her shoes. The audience gasped as Erica's shame poured out of her panties.

... psssssssssss... drip... drip... drip...

Whap... Whap... Whap... Whap!

As the punishment came to an end, Erica was directed to stand and pull up her jeans. Her most recent accident had streamed onto her pants as well as the floor, as she buttoned them she noticed the odd pattern of wetness that had been created by peeing on them.

The members of the Conduct Committee whispered amongst themselves. The chair finally addressed Erica. "At this time we don't believe what has happened here deserves a second punishment; it appears this was merely a continuation of your prior loss of control." Erica was dismissed as the hearing was adjourned.

Erica thought as she walked to her car: Now to go home and deal with Grace...and have Julie deal with me!

*165*2023-02-01 06:33

Grace straightened her shirt as she walked Tony to the front door. "I don't have a very sexy reputation after the past few weeks, I thought for sure I wouldn't have another boyfriend until after I moved away." The lingering kiss with his hand on her ass reassured Grace that she was still very sexy to the right guy, even when her pants weren't dry.

When Tony was gone Grace began to prep the house. She got two wide leather belts from her closet, one was placed in the living room so it would be ready when Aunt Julie spanked her mom. The second leather belt was brought to the rec room in the basement, Grace knew she would be feeling this one on her own bottom very soon. Next she moved the chairs, three chairs in the rec room for her cousins to sit on. Her mom was set to have both male and female witnesses so Grace made sure there were twice as many chairs in the living room. The final addition to each room was a stack of towels laid on the floor inside each semicircle of chairs; Grace silently prayed neither she nor her mom would pee during their beltings.

Ding-Dong!!!

Grace peered out the window, Aunt Julie and her cousins were waiting on the sidewalk. Her face reddened as soon as the door was open, her cousins had immediately started pointing and giggling at her damp jeans. The giggling got worse when her cousins saw the towels on the floor.

Ding-Dong!!!

This time it was her mom's friends (and their husbands). Grace trembled as the husbands took in the view of the wet young woman standing in front of them. Grace escorted them to semi-circle of chairs in the living room, humiliated by the knowledge that her wet ass was prominently displayed.

As the guests were taking their seats, Erica arrived home. "Grace, you may go to the rec room now. I'll be down to deal with you in a few minutes" instructed Erica.

Erica then turned to her friends. "As you can see, I need to go give Grace a spanking. Grace has her own witnesses waiting downstairs so you can all wait here for a few minutes. When I am done spanking Grace, she and her cousins will come upstairs and join you as witnesses to my own punishment."

Grace was standing over the folded towels with her hands on top of her head, her cousins were laughing and pointing, when Erica walked into the rec room. "This is the fourth time you have peed in your pants in the past few weeks. As you know the punishment for a fourth offense is 15 swats with the belt over your wet pants followed by 15 swats on your bare bottom. You will also spend 2 hours with your wet panties covering your face. All of this is to be done in front of witnesses. You will bend over now."

Erica picked up the belt and held it against her daughter's wet rear end. SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT

Grace sobbed gently as her mother removed her wet jeans and underwear. Grace's eyes were shut tightly but she knew what was coming next when she heard one of her cousins gag. The stench of her accident permeated her nostrils, the saturated fabric stuck to her face and nose!

As her bare bottom felt the rough leather of the belt, Grace became aware of a familiar pressure in her abdomen.

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT HISSSS

Grace hated that her bladder had given out during her spanking. She could hear her cousins laughing uncontrollably.

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT

"It is time to go upstairs so you can watch my punishmemt" said Erica. "You have to leave the underwear on your face for 2 hours, but I'm not going to make you stand in front of my friends without your pants on. You can put the wet jeans back on before we go upstairs."

Grace trudged up the stairs while her cousins followed. As her cousins found space to add their chairs to those gathered in the living room Grace was mortified when she heard her mother, "Julie, can you get a new towel for Grace to stand on? She already peed on the one that she stood over when we were downstairs." Not only did the announcement bring a new round of giggles from her cousins, Grace saw smirks on the faces of her mother's friends.

Grace was all but forgotten when Erica placed her hands on her head and stood over her own towel. Julie gave short lecture about setting a good example for her daughter, then picked up the belt. "This is your sixth offense Erica! I am asking each of your friends to take video and photos of this punishment. How,or with whom, they share these recordings is up to them." All six phones were pointed at Erica as she bent over.

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT

Erica's friends continued to record as Julie stripped her sister from the waist down. The piss stained panties that had earned Erica a spanking at the PTA meeting were placed over her face.

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT HISSSSS

Erica's towel also became soaked. Just like at the PTA meeting, Erica found herself urinating down her legs in front of witnesses.

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT

"That was 25 over your wet pants and 25 on your bare bottom" said Julie. "If that doesn't convince you to not urinate in your pants a 7th time, I don't know what will."

As Grace and Erica stood on display, the witnesses cheerfully chatted about the humiliations they had just observed.

Eddie looked at his wife, Amy, "I'm sure glad none of our children have put you in that spot" he said, as he pointed at Erica. Next he pointed to Grace and asked Amy, "Was that ever you growing up?"

Eddie's wife bit her lower lip "Uh, not exactly. I got sent to the nurse during my junior year after a little accident in gym class. No one but the gym teacher saw, it happened in my gym shorts so I had my regular clothes to change into so no one else found out. My school had a rule about accidents that required me to wear a diaper to school for a week. The fear of someone finding out has stuck with me to this day." Amy's face turned bright red, "I can't believe I just admitted that!"

Paul squirmed in his seat, looking embarassed as his wife, Katie, ran her hand up his thigh. "I think they would all like to hear the story" said Katie. "It's good for them to hear that many families have to deal with this type of thing."

Reluctantly Paul told the group. "When I was a teenager, one of our family trips involved driving halfway across the country. On our drive to the resort I had fallen asleep in the car, my family didn't wake me up at the rest area when everyone else used the bathroom. When I woke up an hour later I really had to go, but we were in bumper to bumper traffic with no way to get off the interstate. I tried my best, but within a half hour I had pooped my pants. I was absolutely mortified to be sitting in my own mess! In fact it is still mortifying 25 years later.

"My parents were not very understanding when it happened, when we finally pulled off the highway the first thing they did was find a parking lot so I could be pulled out of the car and given a spanking. Grace knows what it's like to be spanked for an accident as a teenager; it's horrible! Anyway my parents made me sit in my dirty pants all the way to the resort, when we finally got there I was made to stand in the corner until bedtime.

"The rest of the week my sisters teased me relentlessly. Well it turns out my sisters must have finally crossed the line, they were asking my parents as we packed the car to go home if anyone had bought me diapers for the ride, My mom snapped and told them that it was time to let it go. Well of course they didn't and they kept teasing me as we finished packing.

"On the car ride home we stopped at a rest area, as I walked inside to take care of business, my mom told my sisters to stay in the car. My sisters were told they had to skip a restroom break so they would understand the dilema that had led to my accident. The next rest area ended up being about 3 hours away, it turns out my older sister only had about an hour of capacity left in her bladder. Sure enough my parents pulled into a parking lot and spanked her wet butt.

"My little sister appologized profusely for teasing me, she begged my parents for mercy; my parents held firm. For the next 2 hours my older sister sulked in her wet pants while my little sister sat wiggling between us. My little sister kept her control and made it to the next rest stop. When we got home my older sister spent the evening standing in the corner.

"25 years later my younger sister still teases us about being the only one who didn't fail potty training that week. Unfortunately, I know from experience that public shame is a pretty strong deterrent."

Paul hung his head and looked at his wife, "God that was humiliating, why'd you make me tell that?"

"I've noticed you rushing to the bathroom as soon as you get home from work the past couple of weeks" said Katie. "Hopefully that painful reminder of what happened to you as a teenager will keep you from experiencing the humiliation of being an adult who fails potty training."

Jason leaned over to Paul, "My wife knows all about having an accident as an adult." Jason turned to his wife, "Better fess up to the group."

Martha glared at Jason, "I thought that was going to stay private as long as it didn't happen again." She sighed, "Fine, I confess. I pissed my pants last year.

"There was a long line for the ladies room as we left dinner. I thought I could make it home, but the distance and the potholes were just too much. We were still a few miles from home when I did it, I pissed my pants as an adult! Jason was pretty mad that I peed on the seat, he made me scrub it before I went in the house. The whole time I was scrubbing that seat he kept lecturing me, then he spanked me.

"So yeah, I know what happens when an adult has an accident, they get scolded and spanked." Martha pointed at Grace, "Just like what happens to a high school student."

Grace's cousins sat mesmerized as they listened to the adults. The stories of so many grown ups losing control was not how they expected the night to go. Katie was about to speak again when she was interrupted.

HISSSSSSSS..

Urine cascaded from Erica, shooting out of her and flowing down her legs. The towel protected the floor, but nothing protected her dignity.

As Erica's friends and their husbands laughed, a timer chimed. "Time is up" announced Julie. "You two can go clean yourselves up, we will all see ourselves out."

*168*2023-02-22 06:40

Grace poured milk on her cereal before sitting down across the table from her mother. "Last night was super embarrassing. I can't believe my cousins watched me pee as I was being spanked! I swear I will do better."

"I know you are trying, dear. It isn't easy to spend all day with restricted access to the bathroom. The good news is, it is the weekend so you can go anytime you want."

"I was surprised how many of your friends have had accidents" said Grace. "I actually felt pretty bad for Paul; why did Katie pressure him into telling his story? He seemed pretty humiliated when she brought it up."

"Oh, Katie is rather insecure. She's probably worried she might have an accident next week. Katie probably thinks Paul will be less likely to say anything if he knows she will tell everyone about his humiliation." Erica continued, "Their daughter got into some legal trouble recently, I think it was a DWI. Katie has a criminal review hearing before a Maternal Responsibility Act magistrate next week, she's pretty worried about the possible sanctions. Compared to what the PTA hands down, the sanctions from a magistrate are pretty severe for criminal acts."

"When I got my first spanking a couple weeks ago, I thought I was in a very small minority" said Grace. "The more I hear people talking, it sounds like a lot of people have been spanked for not making it to the bathroom on time. Even your friend Martha got spanked, and she is an adult!"

"Let's finish up breakfast" said Erica. "We can go watch the PTA corporal punishment session this morning, maybe we'll get lucky and Heather Blanc will violate Local Amendment 26 while she is being paddled. That would make my day!"

"Oh mom, you and your unhealthy obsession with Mrs Blanc!"

******************************

The Campbells took seats in the auditorium, both were glad to be spectators and not standing on the stage. Grace looked at the page she was holding, "What a list! There's 2 dozen moms on here! It has been a busy week for the PTA."

Grace had never seen a Saturday session from the viewpoint of a spectator, both times she had been watching from the side of the stage with the other students who had committed offenses. As Grace looked around at the other audience members she observed quite a mixture of attendees. As she expected, Grace saw many middle-aged men who were obviously looking forward to spending the next hour staring at bent over rear ends. Several members of the audience were boys that Grace recognized from school, clearly they were also looking forward to the bent over MILFs. More surprising to Grace was the number of women, just like her mom, who were there to gloat over the suffering of an acquaintance.

The chair of the PTA Conduct Committee opened the session with a short speech about responsibility, accountability, and consequences. As soon as the chair finish speaking the first mom was brought forward and bent over. Marie Lind was fortunate to spend less than 2 minutes displaying her back side to the audience, her six swats were delivered rapidly and she was promptly dismissed. Laura Johnson was quickly called forward, her swats were over in a matter of minutes as well. As Lynn Hassen placed her hands on her ankles, Grace watched the videographer move to a better position; the corporal punishment may only last for a couple of minutes, but the indignity would forever be available on the internet.

Most of the women faced corporal punishment of no more than 15 swats each. It only took 45 minutes to get to Heather Blanc and Bethany Vargas, the only two mothers facing lengthy paddlings. Prior to starting the punishment for Heather Blanc, the chair of the Conduct Committee took the opportunity to remind the audience of the enactment of Local Amendment 26. "We have seen too many times in the past several weeks when a mother has acted in a most undignified manner while serving her sanctions. Local Amendment 26 addresses the requirement of a mother to maintain self control, it is fitting that this reminder be given to Mrs Blanc and Mrs Vargas seeing as they are both here because their daughters violated the school's hygiene policy. We certainly hope they don't follow the example set by their daughters."

Jenny's mom was called forward first. The men sitting around the Campbell's murmured approval amongst themselves as the attractive mother bent forward. Like most women facing sanction, Heather Blanc had chosen jeans in the hopes the denim would provide more protection than a thin pair of leggings. To the audience's pleasure, Heather's jeans were so tight everyone could see as she clenched and relaxed her butt muscles.

Whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack!

Coldly, Heather marched back to her place alongside the other moms. The elder Blanc shot her daughter an angry glare, an extra penalty clearly awaited Jenny when they returned home.

"Dang it" muttered Erica. She turned to her daughter, "I swear she kept her composure better today than she did last time. Not a yelp or a whimper let alone loss of bladder control. Oh well. I sure hope Heather wets her pants when she gets twice as many swats next week."

Bethany Vargas trembled as she stepped forward. She clearly did not have the composer shown by her predecessor. Tears ran from her eyes as the Conduct Committee chair addressed the audience: "The other hygiene violations that have been dealt with since the inception of the Maternal Responsibility Act, have dealt with students who are unable to control their bladders. Bethany Vargas stands before you as an example of what happens to a mother when a student defecates in their pants. The standard first time sanction for a hygiene violation did not seem adequate for the added repulsiveness of her daughter pooping her pants, Mrs Vargas will receive 50 swats of corporal punishment instead of the standard 25." The chair turned to Bethany, "Please bend over."

Whack... whack... whack... OWW! whack... whack... whack... STOP! whack... whack... whack... whack... NOOOOO! whack... whack... whack... whack... hissssssssssssssss

The seat of Bethany's jeans began to darken, the glistening stain spread across her butt then shot down her thighs. When her urine finished cascading from her legs, the paddling resumed.

Whack... whack... whack... whack...AHHHH! whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... NO MORE! whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... I SPANKED HER! I PUNISHED HER! I DON'T DESERVE THIS! whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... OWWWW! whack... whack... whack... whack...

I'LL SPANK HER HARDER! JUST STOP! whack... whack... whack... whack... OH GOD! I'M SORRY! whack... whack... whack!

Bethany was left bent over, showing her wet ass to the crowd as the Conduct Committee conferred. BRRRRRUP! The wet denim did nothing to muffle the sound of Bethany's flatulance. Bethany cringed as her fart echoed throughout the auditoium. Even the Conduct Committee members chuckled at Bethany's added embarassment.

"You violated Local Amendment 26" said the Committee Chair. "The extra penalty is 10 extra swats over your panties." Bethany's jeans were unbuttoned and pulled to her ankles, leaving her pale green panties on display.

"Oh my god, mom!" exclaimed Grace. "Is this what happened to you yesterday?"

"Yeah, I just had a lot fewer witnesses" answered Erica. "Thank goodness I wasn't gassy!" she added.

Whack... AHHH! whack... whack... whack... OWWW! whack... whack... whack... I'M SORRY I PEED MY PANTS! whack... whack... whack

After she was allowed to pull up her soaked jeans, Bethany hobbled back to the side of the stage. Maria and her mom exchanged looks of compassion from opposite sides of the stage. It was clear to the audience the Vargas' relationship was clearly different than the Blanc's.

*174*2023-04-10 07:06

Grace and Jenny sat at the same lunch table on Monday, the shared experience of being hygiene violators had led to the start of a new friendship. "My mom took me with her to watch the Saturday morning session" said Grace. "Based on your mom's reactions, I am guessing you must have had a pretty rough weekend."

"Yeah, my ass is super sore." Jenny answered, "You heard that she is making me smell my accidents every night, didn't you? Of course you heard, she's live streaming them every evening, there's not a single person in this whole city who doesn't know. I think that might be worse than the spankings. I spend an hour with my nose against the first pair of panties; the odor isn't very strong but I know (and so does everyone watching online) how disgusting they are. My nose gets a short reprieve while Mom spanks me, then my nose moves to the second pair of underwear; they don't smell any worse, but knowing I have to spend 2 hours smelling them is miserable! I'm actually pretty relieved when my second spanking starts because it means my nose is no longer pressed against those disgusting panties. And of course it's been doubled to 2 months because of the second accident!"

Jenny picked at her food for a minute, "I am actually hungry today, but I don't dare eat too much; I can't risk having to poop while I'm on restriction. I'm utterly terrified that if I poop my pants she'll just triple the punishment I'm already getting... Can you imagine 6 months of having to put my face in my poopy underwear every evening? Ugh, it sounds like the most utterly disgusting punishment on the planet!"

"You and Maria must be so mortified having your punishments carried out so publicly!" exclaimed Grace. "I heard that over the weekend, it wasn't just Maria's neighbors watching her get punished in the front yard. I guess several people drove in from other neighborhoods, so they could stand on the sidewalk in front of her house to watch her punishment."

"What about Tony?" inquired Jenny. "Is your mom going to let him watch your punishment the next time you piss your pants?"

"I am not wetting my pants ever again!" vowed Grace.

"You've still got 3 weeks left on restriction" countered Jenny. "You may be a little better at holding it than Maria and me, but you are not that much better! You are not going to make it home dry everyday for the next 3 weeks. You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment, the only thing you can hope for is that it doesn't happen until you after you have left school for the day. That said... is your mom going to have Tony watch?"

Grace shrugged her shoulders, "I don't know what she is planning for the next time."

Jenny grabbed her friend by the hand, "Despite what I said a few seconds ago, I really believe that of the three of us, you are the one who can make it through the remainder of restriction without a third accident at school. I sure hope you never find out what your mom might do for another wetting."

After picking up her lunch tray, Jenny leaned in to whisper in Grace's ear, "I know that somehow she'll turn it around on me and make me suffer another punishment, but I really hope my mom wets her pants today while she is doing her first day community service. It would be so worth it if Karma caught up with her!"

As her friend walked away Grace giggled, her mom and Jenny would get along great!

*************************

Each tick of the clock was agony. With 40 minutes left in the school day, Grace was squirming non-stop. Her face blushed in embarassment as her classmates kept turning to look at her; a few had given her sympathetic smiles, most had been casting glances of annoyance, but the reaction from Gina nearly brought her to tears.

Gina had the most sadistic look in her eyes as she leaned toward Grace. "I remember Mrs. Toole's class," whispered Gina. "I bet we all see a repeat today." Gina pulled out her phone and selected a video, she smirked as she pressed play and turned the screen toward Grace. Grace shuddered as she watched a replay of her humiliation in the front of Mrs. Toole's classroom. "I'll enjoy the next assembly" Gina taunted as she put away her phone.

Grace trembled as she recalled Jenny's words at lunch, 'You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment.' Grace prayed she could make it out of school without being the subject of an assembly.

Grace tried to read her assignment; she couldn't make it past the second sentence without losing her place. All of Grace's concentration was needed to control her bladder. She shifted in her seat for the fifth time in the past 2 minutes; a sneer from Gina reminded her of the signifigance of holding back her urine.

As the final class of the day crept on, Grace found her left hand pressed firmly between her legs. It took all her willpower not to pee. Grace wanted to let out a little pee to ease the unbearable pressure, but Jenny's words stuck with her. 'You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment.'

Grace jumped as the bell rang to signal the end of class, she had been so focused on her bladder that Grace had lost track of the clock. Surprise was replaced with panic when she felt a damp warmth. 'You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment.'

A look down at her lap was reassuring to Grace. The black leggings she was wearing were shiny enough to hide the small leak. She just had to find Tony and get away from school. Grace was thankfull she no longer had detention, if she were required to stay after school no amount of shiny-ness would hide the cascade that was about to satutate her clothes.

Grace carefully walked to her locker. Bending to pick up her backpack from the bottom of her locker was torture. As she stood back up Grace felt another spurt. 'You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment'

As Tony approached to give her a ride home, he could see the agony on Grace's face. "I will hurry" he assured her. "I'll get you out of here."

Tony took her hand and they went to the closest stairwell. Grace grabbed the handrail and slowly took her first steps down. About half way to bottom of the staircase she was reminded of Jenny's prediction when another jet of urine escaped. 'You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment.'

As they stepped onto the sidewalk that separated campus from the public street, Grace saw three yellow drops hit the cement. 'You will leak and dribble your way to another punishment.'

Tony's car was parked a block away from the school. By the time they finished walking to the car, Grace had fully earned the next punishment from her mom... and it had come in leaks and dribbles.

