Disco Elysium - Kim Kitsuragi - Self Control

Author: fluffbuttsmutt

*000*2022-05-05 01:00

The worst part was that half the time, Kim didn’t even realize he was doing it. Avoiding the bathroom, holding his bladder as long as possible, had simply become a routine of his life. It had started long before he had transitioned, and had reason to avoid public restrooms. Denying himself, restricting himself- it was simply another way of granting himself control over his life. A way to achieve perfection.

But now there was another half hour left in the work day and Kim’s leg was juddering desperately beneath his desk and he knew he was going to lose it. The sensation had stabbed him all at once in the midsection as he was working on his- and Harry’s- reports. An idle fidgeting became all too clear to himself as a last ditch effort to contain himself. The need he had ignored first hours ago was now a full-fledged demand that would not go ignored.

But now there was nothing to be done about it. There were usually a couple windows of time where Kim could assure himself that nobody would be in the bathroom, but as they neared the end of the day, more and more would be making their last visits before the drive home. Kim would simply have to hold it, pretending to work late, and hope for the best.

It would be fine. He’s done this before. He’s made it through tough situations and waited until the last possible second he would be fine.

He crossed his legs tightly beneath the desk and snuck a hand between his thighs. Oh god, he was not going to be fine.

He felt like he could feel the first betraying drops of piss pressing down his urethra now. He clenched desperately around it, his fingers finding his pants to press the seam into himself. He could just see it now, the heat spreading, trickling down his thighs, making a mess of the floor, making a mess of himself-

Harry thunked down heavily in the chair in front of Kim’s desk, pulled around so the back of the chair was positioned artfully backwards. His brows were knitted together in that way where he knew something was wrong with Kim, but he couldn’t quite place all the pieces. It did the trick to snap Kim out of his own anxious spiral, but the momentary lapse of concentration had a small spurt jetting into his jeans.

Kim’s tongue felt thick. “Wh- what?” Harry had said something, hadn’t he?

“Are you okay?” Harry echoed, leaning over the back of his chair lightly to speak lowly to Kim.

“I’m fine- I’m simply-” A million excuses flew through Kim’s mind, but they all fell flat to the floor as Kim felt another leak welling up. He clenched his jaw in abject desperation but it was useless, as he felt a slow trickle of fluid spreading through the fabric directly underneath his fingers. Kim made a soft, choked sound.

“Kim?” Harry sounded concerned, now, his hands resting on the edge of Kim’s desk like he were ready to throw himself into action.

“The bathroom,” Kim rasped. He needed to. He needed Harry’s help if he was going to get out of this. “I n-need you to- watch the door for me. Make sure no one comes in.”

Harry looked bewildered, but Kim had diverted the last shreds of his concentration to containing his flood. Harry swung his head around to check the rest of the office for onlookers- none too conspicuously, mind you- before his attention was similarly placed on Kim’s predicament. He came around the desk to Kim’s side, flapping some incoherent word, but Kim didn’t have the time for it. He stood, slowly and shakily, and hobbled his way to the bathroom, Harry darting around him in anxious succession.

It was torturous. He had to stop several times as his bladder threatened to let go again and again, but Kim knew he was running out of time. He couldn’t stop- anyone could come by at any time and he needed to move, now, before he got himself in a bigger mess. He finally made it to a stall, having left Harrier at the door to the communal space. He didn’t have the time or grip to spare closing the stall door- he wasn’t sure he even had enough to get his pants down. His privacy would just have to be sacrificed for what remained of his dignity.

There was no way he was going to get out of this completely dry. He was just going to have to be quick. He took a few, quick breaths before pulling his hands free from their trap between his thighs. He unbuttoned his jeans and tore them down quickly as he began to leak sporadically, thick lines gushing down his thighs. He positioned himself quickly over the toilet bowl, gasping and pressing his hands into the stall walls, thighs trembling in his desperate, hissing release.

The relief was delicious. It was orgasmic. Kim found himself moaning weakly, all the life wrung out of him. He panted in the last few haphazard dribbles, his bladder too exhausted to accurately judge when he was emptied. He waited a few moments longer, peering out cautiously to the bathroom as he headed to wash his hands. No one had entered- good. At least he had that much to himself.

The damage to his pants was miniscule, but still disappointing. He’d be able to hide it, but not from himself. He knew what he’d done, how he’d shamefully lost precious control over himself. He stepped outside to face Harrier, finding the other more red-faced than usual.

Harry’s voice cracked as he spoke, a nervous grin on his face. “Really had to go, huh?”

“Hm,” was all Kim said, adjusting his glasses and heading back for his desk.

