With Tatiana in Croatia part 3

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-01 02:45

With Tatiana in Croatia

Chapter 3 The Clubhouse.

I was preparing breakfast for us when I heard the noise coming from the cabin. It was Tatiana who woke up after 14 hours of sleep. Good morning beautiful I said, slept well. I was really tired of all that goodies yesterday but you squeeze my tits and finger me like I have no feeling. But your tongue does its job well that is certainly worth repeating. That was nice Rob. What do you want to do today Rob, Tatiana asked me. I asked Monica if she and her brother would like to be at the community center around 10 am. I want to discuss with him what needs to be done to get it in order for your father's party. How many people do you think will come Rob. I assume a man or 60, I said, but maybe there will be more.

It's time, I said. We return the boat and go to Monica and her brother. Full throttle we sailed to the harbor and returned the boat.

When we arrived at the association building we had to wait for Monica and her brother. Tatiana I would like you to join the conversations as an interpreter because not everyone speaks enough English. Do you want to do that, I asked. Yes of course she answered. Fine, here come Monica and her brother. Both got out of the car and Monica introduced her brother Janko to us. Monica, who looked good, had prepared herself well. She picked up the drawings and began to explain that the sewer is only suitable for a maximum of 4 toilets. There are now 10. The sewer must be excavated and renewed. 

For the party I think we should keep a maximum of 3 toilets open inside for the ladies and the children. And outside we temporarily place 3 toilets for the men. Is 6 toilets for 60 men not too little, Tatiana asked. I don't think so replied Monica. It is a fairly private party where not too much alcohol will be served. In addition, I am afraid that the sewerage will become clogged again if we start using more toilets. Outside we can only place a maximum of 3 toilets otherwise we do not have enough parking spaces for the cars.

You have thought that through well Monica and what are your further plans. Well I suggest we have a drink at the table there first. I brought some crates of water here yesterday. We sat down at the table and Monica poured. She set down 2 large water pitchers and continued her story. The garden will also have to be tackled and the toilet rooms too. In the kitchen, the electricity and water are out of order. As she spoke, Tatiana and Monica drank a lot of water. After about 2 hours a car arrived. Monica had provided sandwiches and some salads. You are a great hostess, I complimented her. I turned to Janko, at the end of next week I want to throw the party, do you think you have enough time to carry out the work? Yes that should work Rob, if we come to an agreement on the price then I can start tomorrow morning. We will have to work through the weekend and I expect to finish the last jobs on Thursday.

Both women drank heavily and I saw that Tatiana's abdomen was already beginning to swell. I knew she could hold this for hours and continue drinking without peeing. Monica was now rocking hard in her chair. What price do you think, Janko, I asked him. Janko repeated the work and asked if that is it. Can you also arrange the outside toilets, I asked. That's no problem and he immediately called to ask what that would cost. All in all I arrive at this amount and he showed me his letter with activities and prices. I was struck by how meticulously he had drafted this, it must be a family thing.

I agree, I said and finished my glass. I filled the glass for everyone and turned back to Monica. Monica, would you like to invite the guests on the list I emailed you. Tell them that Tatiana's parents are throwing a party next week to mark Ivan's retirement. If they want to bring extra people that's fine but don't insist. It's okay Rob, Monica replied who couldn't sit still anymore. Monica got up and asked Tatiana to help her serve the sandwiches. The girls went to the kitchen to get crockery and cutlery. You could clearly see Monica was having a hard time while Tatiana still looked comfortable. I have to pee like a racehorse, Monica told Tatiana.

Yes, that comes from drinking all that water, Tatiana said, but it won't take that long, Monica. You have to hold on for a while. I know, it's part of my job as a waitress. They brought the sandwiches and filled the glasses. We had only just started eating when a luxury car pulled up onto the property. I looked at Monica and Janko and they didn't know who it was either. The man got out and my mouth dropped open in surprise. It was Zoran Lisette's connection that had helped Tatiana's parents so well. He entered the room and introduced himself neatly to everyone. He shook my hand and gave me a wink. Good I thought, the secret is kept.

I understand that the building has changed hands," he said. Is the new owner here? That's me, I said. Good, because I come on behalf of the municipality to speak about something. Can we go separately? That's good, I replied and we walked out. Thanks for not saying anything, I said. That was our agreement after all and he started his conversation.

The alderman told me you're throwing a party in Ivan's honor. That's right, I said. He continued, Ivan has saved many lives of people here from the city. We would like to award Ivan a medal of heroism during the celebration.

Of course we as a municipality will be happy to inform you whether the costs of the party will be fully covered. What do you think of Rob? I think it's a fantastic idea Zoran. That man deserves that medal. I'm glad to hear that, Zoran said. Shall we share the expenses, he asked. No, that's not necessary Zoran. But I have a lot of ideas to make this building profitable. If I want to implement those ideas, I may need permits. The municipality has agreed to speed up the procedures and I could really use your support in this. You can count on me Rob, he said succinctly. He walked to his car and I went back inside. Monica walked up to me and asked if she could talk to me separately. I thought for a moment, well I guess I'll be needed here for a while and then I can take you home and we can talk in the car. That's good she replied. When she walked back to the table I saw her difficult walk. That beautiful woman has a very full bladder.

I sat down at the table again and told Tatiana that I will take Monica home. I understand that she said with a smile. She is a beautiful woman and her bladder has been very full for an hour. How is your bladder I asked. It is also very full but I still have some time. I hope you don't run out of energy after you bring Monica home. Because I'm really horny from all this excitement today. I won't let you down with your hormones, I promised her. Monica also stood by and asked me if it would take long. Are you in a hurry, I asked. Ehh no said Monica and I saw in her eyes that she was lying. I think we leave in 20 minutes. I want to talk to your brother for a second. Have another drink and I'll be right there for you. Tatiana looked at me with glittering eyes, she knew what I was doing. Poor Monica she doesn't have a bladder as big as I have.

After I had made clear agreements with Janko, I walked to Monica. I'm ready, are you coming? She got up and walked with me slightly bent to the car. I started the 8 cylinder and drove towards the center. I saw that she was squeezing terribly.

What did you want to talk to me about Monica? I've always wanted to have my own restaurant, but I don't have the money for it, she began. And now you want to ask me if you can rent a restaurant in my building, is that right? Yes Rob, I'm sure I can. I am also convinced of that Monica, but I am not yet sure what I want to do with the location. I want to fully focus on the party and make decisions afterwards. But I take your idea very seriously, is that enough for you at the moment. She was rocking hard in her chair and all she could focus on was her overfilled bladder. Rob, you seem like an honest guy who does what he says so I'm happy with your answer.

God, what do I need to pee, she said suddenly. Exciting, I said playfully. Yes, many men find it horny when a woman has to pee, she said. They like it when a woman is in pain. That's not quite true Monica from me a woman doesn't have to be in pain. I find it horny when they feel uncomfortable or are afraid that they will pee her pants.

Well then you better get excited because I feel very uncomfortable and almost pee in my pants. Here you have to feel my belly. She took my hand and put it on her stomach, her bladder was rock hard. I would rather feel something else, I said. Maybe another time Rob, but I think that's too early for now. I would like to take care of the entire party out of friendship, is that okay Rob? I gladly answered, I will give you money for the purchase. I grabbed my wallet and handed her a card and the PIN. Here is 25K euros if it is too little tell me so I can top it up. She looked at me with wide eyes and I understood very well why. I only work with people I trust Monica. I think it's wonderful when people want to develop. So do your best and do what you are good at and you will get the most out of your life. I will not disappoint you Rob. Don't disappoint yourself Monica and if you need me you have my number. She gave me a quick kiss because she had to pee a lot.

I drove back to the building where Tatiana was waiting with her legs crossed. Rob my bladder almost bursts, after you drove away with Monica I drank 3 more glasses of water, it really doesn't fit. I laughed, you can set the clock with you. If you haven't been to the toilet for six hours, you really need to pee.

Let's leave quickly, Rob, because I want to have some time left when we get home. How was the conversation with Monica? Monica would like to open a restaurant at the location. I explained to her that I don't know yet but take her wish very seriously. You shouldn't play with her Rob, that girl wants to make something of her life and she makes an effort for that. I don't play with her Tatiana. It's about how she feels Rob. She is a beautiful woman and she really knows that. She's smart and she knows you want to fuck her.

You must have told her that you find a full bladder exciting. That's all true, I said. But I have no intention of playing with her feelings. I know Rob, but does she know too? It is a woman and they are different from men. You are the hunter and she is the game. So who do you think is more cautious and suspicious? I've never looked at it that way, but I don't know what to do about it. Just be yourself Rob but don't lead her on. The importance to her is very great and you are her opportunity. Do you understand what I mean? 100% I said, thanks for your advice.

We walked into the shed and Tatiana went to the bathroom. When she came back she was naked and immediately took me to bed. I want you to lick my pussy Rob I just washed her. Can you still squeeze your bladder long enough because I'm not a urine drinker and don't want you to pee in my face. That won't happen Rob, but you have to hurry. She lay down on the bed and spread her legs flexibly. It didn't seem to bother her, but at least it was a split. I saw her move her sphincters as a sign that she needed to pee a lot. I started licking like a cat drinking milk and turning her hips and going up and down. 

She came for the first time and I continued. It lasted less than 5 minutes and her 2nd orgasm came. She lay there panting twice within 15 minutes. Now it was my turn and lay down next to her. No Rob she said we do it differently. She lay down on my chest with her pussy and put my cock in her mouth. I was amazed and started licking her. I touched her clitoris hard but she couldn't scream with my cock in her mouth. And for the 3rd time she had an orgasm. I pushed her up slightly and put my finger in her hole and then I came myself. Hmpff humpff, came out of her mouth. She lay down next to me and smiled at me. I like this way of taking revenge, I said.

I need to catch my breath because your cock got all the way down my throat and I couldn't breathe. I understand that and looked at her full bladder. I urgently need to empty it. I'd like you to hold it up a little longer, I said. You're crazy Rob I can't do that. Well where we are going to take a shower so that we are fresh and have a drink in the garden. Then you go pee and we see how much you had in your bladder. I can try Rob but my bladder is protesting enormously. I saw the huge bump that was already sticking out above her navel. We walked to the bathroom and got in the shower. The flowing water did not miss its effect.

She stood like a statue next to me using all her strength to hold back her pee. Ooh ooh, my bladder is about to burst, she moaned. I know you want to train my bladder Rob but how much is the maximum, Tatiana asked. I want to see you pee 1500 cc once, I replied. Not anymore because then your bladder will become limp after a period. Recently it was 1325 cc so still a little bit.And when my bladder has reached that what will be the next target, she moaned. I don't know yet Tatiana but that will take a while. It should not go too fast because then there is a chance that you will damage your bladder. 25cc per month is more than enough.

She walked over to the measuring cup and started to pee heart into it and when she was finally done there was 1375 cc in the measuring cup. I'm glad it's out Rob my bladder looked like a soccer ball. Yes it is very nice that you pee so much in your bladder but it goes too fast. I get so horny with a full bladder so I have the time. Then I hope I can be your trainer Tatiana for so long.

