Equilibrium - Page 2

Author: Flush

*000*2025-09-05 15:28

However, they usually do. When he woke up the next morning, the ever-constant room temperature had dropped significantly. Without access to a measuring device, it was hard to tell by how much, but it was the kind of cold where one would wear sweatpants and a sweater. And they were all naked, except for Teresa, but her skimpy bikini didn’t help her much either against the chill environment. Still resentful about what had happened the day before, neither Jane, nor Teresa discussed the situation with Patrick when they grabbed some food out of the fridge in silence. But the way the three of them paced around the room more frequently to keep their body warm, made it clear that they were all struggling. Nevertheless, they tried to act like they didn’t care, and went to bed when the lights dimmed at the end of the day as usual. Although all three of them were restless in their bunks, they eventually fell asleep.

The second cold day went by just like the first. After a long period of silence, the artificial lighting darkened again. Patrick stared at the shadowy room for a while and then closed his eyes, trying to catch some sleep. A few minutes later, however, he heard a short ‘psst’ behind him. He turned his body, and Jane was standing next to his bunk. Her legs and arms were crossed, but what stood out to Patrick in the dim light were Jane’s breasts, moving with her as she shivered. Goosebumps were covering the skin of her bosom, and her nipples were rock hard. Patricks felt his penis grow out of its shrunken form to a semi-hardened member, but Jane didn’t seem to pay much attention.

“I’m cold”, she simply said, while staring in the distance. “I saw this documentary about penguins who share their body heat by skin-to-skin contact and I wonder…”

“I’m cold too”, Patrick chimed in. “If we would share a mattress, two bodies would only have to heat up one bunk instead of two.”

“It seems like a pragmatic thing to do, doesn’t it?”, Jane said softly.

“And we’ve done it before - under different circumstances, but still…”, continued Patrick.

Jane glanced at Patrick, then turned her gaze away again, and asked: “So, how do you want to do it?”

“I… uh… don’t know,” answered Patrick, “maybe you could lie against the wall side of the bunk, and I can cover your back? If that’s ok with you, of course”, he prudently added.

“That’s ok”, Jane sighed, and she crawled into Patrick’s bed. Patrick then positioned his body beside hers, keeping some distance between them.

“Closer,” Jane said, “if we’re not skin-to-skin, then it’s not helping a lot.”

Slowly, Patrick moved nearer to Jane, until his torso stuck against her back. After two days of cold, the radiant glow of Jane’s skin felt even nicer than Patrick had expected. The full blown erection that he had feared after touching Jane’s naked body didn’t materialize. The feeling of comfort washed over him, and he fell asleep as if he was a baby hugging his mother.

They both slept so tight, that the increase in light didn’t awaken them the next morning. Only the loud sound of the vortex that had dried Teresa after her morning piss did get Jane and Patrick up.

“Good morning,” Jane yawned while turning around to Patrick. Unlike last night, she stared into Patrick’s eyes, and she smiled.

“Good morning,” echoed Patrick, “well, that felt… nice.”

Jane nodded, and glanced at Teresa, who was staring at them from a distance.

“I better get back, I think,” Jane said. She raised herself, and then stopped when she sat at the side of the bed.

“Patrick…”, she whispered, “I’m sorry for that a said the other day. I don’t hate you, but this room… It drives me insane. It’s not you that I hate, it’s the fact that we’re perpetually stuck here and…”

“We’re gonna get out of here - I promise”, Patrick interrupted. Jane sighed, and Patrick could tell from her facial expression that she was starting to give up all hope.

After the lights dimmed the next evening, Jane tiptoed towards Patrick’s bed again and positioned her in between him and the back of the bunk. This time, she asked if they could lie in a sideways missionary position in order to give warmth to her chest. With her bare boobs pressed against Patrick’s torso, an imminent erection was inevitable, and Patrick hoped that Jane didn’t mind that the thing was poking against her thigh. Jane and Patrick did not fall asleep immediately, and they enjoyed cuddling for a while. While Jane laid her head against Patrick, Patrick gently caressed her hair, until he started to drift asleep and decided when it was time to call it a night.

“Sleep well,” he whispered, while he leaned forward and kissed Jane on the cheek.

“You too,” answered Jane, and she placed her lips on Patrick’s. Very timidly at first, but then lust dragged them in, and right before they pulled away, their tongues touched briefly.

A pearl of precum escaped Patrick, landed onto Jane’s thigh, and he was quick to excuse himself while he wiped away the substance.

Me too, mouthed Jane. She took Patrick’s hand and guided it between her legs, and he could feel that her clit was also wet. Then, she pulled his hand back again and dropped it onto the mattress.

At that moment, they heard Teresa snore loudly, and they both laughed.

“You know,” proposed Jane, while grinding her thigh against Patrick’s swollen member, “now that Teresa’s asleep, if we’re keeping it silent…”

She didn’t have to finish her sentence for Patrick to know what she meant. His hand traveled down her body, and he let his index finger slide in between her engorged lips. Jane grasped Patrick’s penis, and they both pleasured each other, very carefully, in order to make as little sound as possible. The slow pace postponed their climax, and they went on for a while. Just before Patrick’s point of no return, he suddenly stopped, and then went down on Jane. His tongue immediately found Jane’s sweet spot, and she couldn’t suppress a loud moan. 

She quickly covered her mouth with her hand, and then came. Your turn, she indicated to Patrick by pointing at his raging erection. Patrick pulled away again, making it clear that he didn’t want to ruin his mattress by ejaculating all over it. Jane nodded and guided his penis towards her mouth, but then gagged when the swollen member neared her lips, unable to take it in. She then pointed the cock towards her chest, and stroked it firmly with her hand, pulling Patrick over the edge, his cum squirting all over her breasts.

After Jane had showered herself clean, she crawled into Patrick’s bunk again, and hugged him tightly. “Thanks for keeping me warm…”, Jane murmured after a while, “don’t you ever wonder why that other woman over there hasn’t complained about the cold? I mean… Patrick? Patrick?” Jane realized that Patrick had already fallen asleep, and she dozed off as well.

“Get the fuck out of my bunk!”

It was the next morning, and Patrick, still in bed, envisioned Teresa standing next to her bed, arguing with Jane who was lying in it. At first Patrick thought that he was dreaming, but when he ran his hands over his mattress, and noticed that Jane was missing, he realized that it wasn’t a bad dream. Still drowsy, barely managing to keep his eyes open, his vision was blurry, and he could hardly register what was going on at the other side of the room.

Jane, in the meanwhile, didn’t comply with Teresa’s request, and Teresa charged ahead, grabbed her nemesis’s hair, violently pulled Jane out of the bed, and reconquered her bunk. Now, the gloves were off, and they were out for blood. Jane got up, screamed and attacked Teresa from behind, scratching the woman’s back with her fingernails before pulling her back by the back straps of her bikini top. The fabric ripped at the front, leaving Teresa’s boobs dangling in the air, and Teresa turned around to retaliate as well. She swung her fist at Jane, but Jane dodged it and punched Teresa face in return. Teresa took a step back, and then charged forward, both of them plummeting onto the white floor. After a short scramble, Teresa came out on top, putting Jane in a headlock, and she violently grabbed Jane’s throat. Unable to breathe, Jane tapped her hand on the floor multiple times, indicating her surrender, but Teresa increased her grip instead, slowly choking Jane.

Preoccupied by her fight with Jane, Teresa hadn’t realized that Patrick had gotten up in the meantime. Seemingly out of nowhere to Teresa, Patrick bulldozed her off Jane, and pinned her down by her arm.

“What the fuck is wrong with you!”, he shouted angrily, still keeping Teresa down. Adrenalin was rushing through him, as he wasn't used to using force to resolve a tricky situation. But as his words apparently hadn’t solved anything last time, he realized that he had to fight fire with fire this time.

Jane, under the wrong impression that Patrick was supporting her in the fight by keeping Teresa down, got up and grinned.

“The bunk…”, she panted, smiling at Patrick, “Teresa’s bunk… it’s heated! That bitch had a heated bunk by herself as this time while we were struggling in the cold, Patrick! Good… keep her down… let’s show her who’s the boss around here… that bunk is now ours, bitch!”

Jess kicked her right foot forward in order to hit Teresa, but Patrick’s reflexes were quick as he let go of Teresa to grab Jane’s leg, pulling Jane to the ground.

“What the fuck is wrong with you - both of you!”, Patrick repeated, clarifying that he wasn’t picking sides. “We’re stuck here for God knows how long, and a stupid bunk is what you are fighting for? You’re acting like children…”

He let go of Jane and took a step back towards Teresa’s bunk to check Jane’s claim. The mattress was indeed warmer than anything else in the room, and a chill ran through Patrick’s spine. He then marched forward to the two women again, and continued his lecture.

“You’re acting like children… so you’ll have to be punished like a child. Until the two of you get along, I will guard this bunk so neither of you will rest there. You can come back to me once you two find a way to resolve your petty fights. Do you understand?”

Both Teresa and Jane looked up at Patrick's stern face, and realized that he was dead serious. Still catching their breath after their fight, they both were taken by surprise by Patrick's sudden display of dominance. Perhaps it was because they were ashamed by the pettiness of their latest battle, perhaps it was because they both realized that Patrick was much stronger than them. But neither of them dared to say a word, and after a while, Jane got up in silence and returned to her bed, and Teresa walked towards Patrick’s former bunk soon after. Patrick then dropped down on Teresa’s former mattress, and sighed. Although feeling the warmth was nice, he hoped that Jane and Teresa would find a way to work together, or they would never get out of here.

The interactions between them throughout the day were scarce. Patrick didn’t even bother visiting Jane’s space, assuming that it was best that she cooled off on her own. He only spent a few trips to his former bunk, where Teresa was now presiding, just to grab some food and water. The few times he went there, Teresa greeted him with a vulgar look, while she silently moved over to allow him to reach out in the fridge. Patrick played it cool, but inside he realized that he hadn’t made any friends by taking her bunk, and he wondered whether he had made the right decision. Jane hardly ate or drank that day, Patrick noticed, and she only went to Teresa’s bunk twice during Teresa’s shower cabin visits. Finally, after a dreadful day, the lights dimmed again, and they went to sleep. Comforted by the heated bunk, Patrick quickly dozed off.

A few hours later, he felt someone pushing him, and when he slowly opened his eyes, he saw that Teresa was standing next to him.

“Hey, Patrick, I can’t sleep in this cold, so I want to make a deal with you…”, she whispered, while she slowly untied the knot that kept her torn bikini top together. Her breasts fell out of the cups, and aroused by her rock hard nipples pointing at him, Patrick's penis grew in size. Teresa pushed her panties down, the piece of red fabric falling onto the ground, and before Patrick could even react, Teresa was totally naked, only inches away from him. Even with the right swollen eye and the scratch marks on her back, she looked absolutely stunning, sending Patrick’s libido through the roof. Teresa leaned into Patrick, and whispered:

“If you give me my bunk back, I will give you a happy ending… any way you want it.”

Surprised by Teresa’s move, Patrick didn’t know how to react, and he mindlessly stammered her last words. “I, uh… Any way you want… I…”

“Any way you want it,” Teresa hinted again, “I could give you a blowjob, a handjob, you can use my breasts, you can thrust between my thighs; you can choose how you want it.” She sensually ran her hands over the body parts while she mentioned them, and then abruptly concluded on a more serious tone: “No penetration, though.” Teresa then moved further to Patrick, her breasts touching his chest, her hard nipples poking his skin, and she started kissing his neck. Patrick’s erection maximized, and he failed to react at first, but when Teresa’s hand traveled down his groin, he rolled away on his mattress, away from his sexualy deviant visitor. Teresa then crawled further into his bunk. “Come on… I can see that you want to…”, she whispered while pointing at his flag pole.

For a split second, Patrick hesitated. He looked down and knew there was no denying that Teresa had gotten him incredibly turned on. In a split second he glanced in the direction of Jane, to see whether she was sleeping. Again, he wondered whether he had made the right decision when he had taken Teresa’s bunk. In his head, he tried to calculate the chances of possible outcomes of the current situation. Meanwhile, Teresa’s hand traveled up Patrick’s leg, and that’s when Patrick firmly pushed her away by her shoulder.

“I’m flattered,” he groaned while a drop of precum ran down his shaft, “but I stand by what I said. You and Jane need to resolve your attitude, and until then, this bunk is off limits.”

Teresa sighed, got up from the mattress, and picked her bikini panties up from the floor.

“I figured that you would say something like this”, she shrugged, “you kind of seemed like a person who would stand by his principles - well, either that, or maybe you’re just loyal to your lunatic girlfriend over there.” She pointed at Jane, pulled her panties over her buttocks, and then scrunched her bikini top together. “Well, if you change your mind, the offer still stands”, she said, smiling, and after she tossed the piece of red fabric onto Patrick’s mattress, she returned to the other bunk.

After sleeping through the night, the fifth cold day went by in silence, as did the sixth and the seventh. When Patrick went over to his previous bunk on the eighth day to grab some food, he noticed that the stock hadn’t been replenished during the night. On the ninth day, the fridge was down to half full. Patrick plucked a container of fresh fruit out of the fridge and examined the expiration date - the printed dates on the packages hadn’t changed in a few days now. Although Patrick didn’t have a clue about what the current actual date was, he had observed them ever since they had arrived in the second white room, in order to keep track of time. Teresa stared at him while he lingered around the bunk, and while she didn’t speak a word, Patrick could see the grim look in her eyes, and he realized they both had the same gruesome thought on their minds:

Did they forget about us?

- - -

TO BE CONTINUED

*003*2025-09-09 15:25

When Patrick woke up the next morning, he sensed that something was different, but he couldn’t tell what it was at first. When he got up from his bunk, he felt that the room was warmer again, and he sped up a little towards Teresa’s bunk. He eagerly reached for the fridge, and happily sighed when he saw that it was fully stocked again. “Thank God…”, he exclaimed, a little louder than he had intended.

“Didn’t know you were so religious”, Teresa chuckled, and Patrick turned his gaze in her direction. She wasn’t shivering anymore, and her nipples had softened. Although Patrick had returned her bikini top days ago, Teresa hadn’t bothered with putting the piece of ripped fabric on again, and the artificial lighting in the bunk was accentuating her breasts in full glory.

“I’m not”, he sighed, “it’s just that…”

“You’re glad that they haven’t forgotten us, and that we’re not gonna die of starvation?”, Teresa chimed in. “Well, at least not today, I guess”, she shrugged.

“Wow,” said Patrick, raising his eyebrow, “thanks for killing my good mood again…”

“At your service anytime,” Teresa laughed, and Patrick chuckled along with her. When their laughter died out, there was only silence in the room again.

“I think we should try again,” Patrick said after a while.

“Try what?”, asked Teresa.

“Try to hold until the timer runs out, try to get out of this room”, said Patrick. You’re right, if they had forgotten about us, then well, it probably will happen again, sometime.”

“Yeah…”, Teresa said and sighed deeply.

“Wow - that’s an enormous sigh…” remarked Patrick.

“Thing is…”, Teresa slowly started whispering, “last time when we tried… I really wasn’t acting, you know. I really tried to hold it, and I just couldn’t. And you know, there was more than an hour left, so even if I could improve a little bit - it wouldn’t make a difference.”

Teresa took a deep breath, and continued talking.

“For as long as I can tell, I’ve always been the girl with a small bladder, you know. I always was the first one to rush towards the services during school trips, and I was the only one who couldn’t sit through a three hour movie without using the bathroom at least once, always hoping that I didn’t miss out on the good scenes. And it’s not like I never tried to hold it - at the front row of a concert of our favorite artist, I had been determined to hold out until the end of the show. My bladder was screaming inside me, but I tried to convince myself that the warnings were just mentally - after all, my friends had chugged beer after beer while I had been very careful about my liquid intake. Well, when the band started their last song, I started flooding my jeans completely, and I couldn’t stop it, no matter how hard I tried. From that moment I knew that it’s not mental, it’s physical; I just have a small tank.”

Ending her monologue, Teresa looked up to Patrick. “Do you think that the equilibrium accounts for that?”, she asked, and Patrick shrugged.

“I guess it’s possible, but it seems improbable to me - how would they have measured that?”

“Well, then we’re screwed”, sighed Teresa. “My small bladder screwed us all… FUCK!”

Her scream echoed through the room, and they both leaned against the back of the bunk, staring in the distance. With her story about her holding capacities, Teresa had now really killed Patrick's mood.

“Unless…”, Teresa wondered out loud after a moment of silence, “we find some way to outplay the system. I mean, we’re been in here for a while; the people out there must be getting bored with us. If they forgot about us, then they’re not actively monitoring the room. Some systems are probably automated, they must be, right?”

“You mean things like the water cooler mechanism and the timer?”, enquired Patrick, intrigued by Teresa’s reasoning.

“Yes, while the heating was out and the food didn’t get replenished, the water cooler kept on working, so that part must be programmed. Partrick, that might save us!”, cheered Teresa, but Patrick looked at her and made it clear that he had lost her.

“I don’t know where you're going, but…”

“Well, if they’re not actually watching us all the time, we just have to find a loophole in the automated system. I mean, we know the timer resets itself when we pee, but how does the system determine that? With humidity sensors built into the floor?”

Patrick sighed, losing his initial enthusiasm.

“No, we tried peeing into the glass, and when Jane wet her mattress, it didn’t work either, so… we already tried everything and…”

“Then there must be another trigger,” said Teresa with a determined look on her face. “Cameras, it’s probably cameras, this place must be full of them. And if they’re not watching us, then it’s maybe an AI model examining whether we pee or not. If we can mislead the AI, then…”

Patrick started to get annoyed, and interrupted Teresa.

“Look, like I said - we already tried everything. And even if what you say is true, where are we going to piss if there are cameras everywhere? Give it up, Teresa… just give it up, alright?”

The room went silent for a few seconds while Teresa stared at him, taken aback by Patrick's response, before continuing in whispering.

“There must be a place without cameras where we can… I mean they…”

Teresa inhaled sharply and jumped up in excitement, before resting down on the mattress again without saying a word. Patrick, piqued by Teresa’s abrupt movement, turned his head towards her, and asked: “What?”

“Never mind…”, Teresa mumbled, while her cheeks reddened, “it’s not a good idea…”

“What is,” pursued Patrick anyway, “what’s not a good idea?”

“Well…”, hesitated Teresa, “I know for sure that they didn’t put cameras… in here…”, and she slowly opened her mouth and pointed at her throat. “And there…”, she then pointed at Patrick’s penis.

“You mean that…”, said Patrick, his mouth falling agape.

“Well, like I said, it’s a bad idea… but an AI model would probably conclude that we’re orally pleasuring each other instead of peeing into…”

Teresa’s cheeks reddened further, and she repeated again that it wasn’t a good idea.

However Patrick continued her thinking and said: “You mean to use your body as a buffer device? I guess it would buy your small bladder some time… I mean, I guess it could work… it…”

The two of them sat back for a while and finally looked each other in the eye.

“Well, if the other option is to be perpetually stuck in this room and eventually die of starvation, then…”, Patrick coughed, “I mean…”

“You already tried everything, except this?”, pondered Teresa, while staring at Patrick.

“Everything,” answered Patrick resolutely.

“Well then… maybe we could try, if you’re up for it…”, Teresa said.

“If you are, then well, we could…” whispered Patrick, and then looked over to Jane’s bunk.

“I’m guessing that I’m the one to convince Jane?”, he then laughed.

—-

A few hours later, Patrick slowly walked over Jane’s bunk. She hadn’t spoken with him, nor Teresa, in days, and Patrick was a little hesitant to approach her. Their last interaction hadn’t exactly ended on good terms, and the strange proposal he had to make to Jane couldn’t encourage him much either. Nonetheless, he felt as if it was his duty to at least try to convince her to make an attempt to beat the timer again. The relationship between Jane and Teresa hadn’t gone anywhere since their last fight, in spite of his ultimatum, so he was the one who had to mediate - again.

Jane, who was facing the back of the bunk, barely reacted as Patrick touched her shoulder. He placed himself on the foot end of the mattress, and when Jane crawled away from him towards the other end of the bed, he tried to examine her body language. She didn’t look too good, thought Patrick, but he wisely kept his mouth shut. Jane had hardly eaten during the last days, and she had visibly lost weight. Her face was pale, and she had an empty look in her eyes; Patrick couldn’t be sure, but she appeared to be kind of depressed to him.

He asked Jane how she was doing, but she didn’t say a word. Hoping to get the conversation started, he then changed topics and took the plunge, asking if she would be willing to give another shot at a new hold attempt. Still provoking no reaction from her, he went another step further and started talking about Teresa’s idea. Jane looked up, her face expressing disbelief, and laughed hysterically. Then, she got angry and started shouting at Patrick. She called him a betrayer, because he hadn’t picked her side in her battles with Teresa. She called him a hypocrite, because he now sided with the woman that wanted to swallow his urine, while that woman had labeled them as sex perverts before. She called him a sinner, because of indulging in Teresa’s sexual advances, and when he denied that anything had happened between them, she called him a liar. She called him so many more things, and after a five minute long tirade, she shrugged indifferently.

Jane then changed her tone, and told Patrick that it didn’t matter. She said that she would participate in another hold attempt, if that’s what he wanted. She said that he could do whatever he wanted with her, she said that she didn’t care. She said that he could rape her, or murder her - she told Patrick that she already would have killed herself, if not for the fact that there were no ropes in the room to hang herself with, or knives to cut her wrists.

Patrick swallowed, and told Jane that he didn’t know that she had it so rough, and tried to encourage her not to lose hope. But all he got from Jane was a request to leave her bunk, and that she wanted to start the hold first thing tomorrow morning. With a heavy heart, he stood up and went to Teresa to bring her the news - at least he had gotten what he had approached Jane for, but the price Jane had paid troubled him.

TO BE CONTINUED

*004*2025-09-12 10:05

The next day, when the lights came on, Jane stood up and walked over to the glass cabin, indicating the start of their next attempt to beat the timer. Patrick and Teresa followed suit, and after both finishing their morning piss, they met Jane by the water cooler. Jane downed 6 cups of water one after another, and swiftly returned to her own bunk without saying a word. Patrick then filled and emptied 9 cups himself.

After doing so, he handed the empty cup over to Teresa, who then finished the remaining 3 cups of water. They had agreed between them that Patrick would take over half of Teresa’s drinks, in the hope that Teresa would be able to sustain the full 7 hours. Bearing in mind that she inevitably would have to consume Patrick’s bladder contents in a few hours, they had decided to follow this ratio from the start.

So after 4 hours, Teresa had consumed 7, Jane 14, and Patrick 21 cups of water. Patrick’s bladder felt awfully full by now to him, and he started to become restless. Over the past minutes, he had contemplated asking Teresa permission to relieve himself in her mouth, but he simply couldn’t muster up the courage to ask her, so he kept on silently suffering by himself.

Another thirty minutes later, he had downed 23 cups - only one less compared to their ultimate attempt in the previous room, and he was absolutely bursting, but he still didn’t dare to ask Teresa. He couldn’t help but squirm around, and when Teresa finally noticed him grabbing his penis to help ease the unbearable pressure, she went over to him and spoke up, whispering in his ear.

“Patrick, I know you want to do your best, but we can’t postpone this forever. Let me help you, before it’s too late. We have to do it before you can’t hold it anymore, or before you can’t control it any longer and explode all over my face.”

Teresa then looked around the room and went down on her two knees, caressing Patrick’s thigh as she positioned herself before him. She opened her mouth and smiled at Patrick, who grabbed his penis with a trembling hand, and slowly directed it towards Teresa’s face, holding it in front of her, but he was hesitant to put it in her open mouth. Teresa, noticing Patrick’s doubt, then took action herself and leaned in, wrapping her lips around Patrick’s shaft. Patrick’s penis instantly hardened towards a full-blown direction, the tip nudging Teresa’s palate.

While his bladder raged inside him, his raging hard-on constricted his urethra, and despite his best efforts, Patrick failed to get the flow going. He tried to think of unsexy things, but he couldn’t entirely suppress his mammalian arousal, not being helped by the fact that it had been almost two weeks since he had last ejaculated. Seconds passed by without any progress, and after a while Teresa showed her growing impatience by patting his leg. She waited a few seconds more, and then leaned backwards, letting Patrick’s hard-on slide out of her mouth.

Still desperate to pee, Patrick felt his bladder burning inside him, and he quickly grabbed and firmly squeezed his penis to prevent urine from escaping his body. He pleadingly looked at Teresa, and she got up and whispered in his ear:

“What are you waiting for?”

“I have to pee so bad, but it’s hard…”, Patrick gasped, “oh God - I have to go, can we try again - please?”

Teresa got down on her knees again, and Patrick hastily thrusted his penis into her mouth; he felt the urine rushing inside him, but the moment he entered her, he froze entirely again. More than a minute passed while he tried to think of flowing creeks and waterfalls, but nothing happened. Feeling more miserably by the second, he contemplated giving up, but then, the water cooler gurgled. Another ten minutes had gone by, and it was Jane’s turn to fill and consume a cup. The splatter of the water flowing into the container reached Patrick’s ears, and triggered by the sound, a small trickle of pee finally escaped his body, landing onto Teresa’s tongue. 

She swallowed, and Patrick managed to release another burst of urine. He was still hard, but the gratifying feeling of emptying his bursting bladder eventually won the battle. The trickle started again, and then expanded, and Teresa started swallowing faster. With tears of joy in his eyes, Patrick relaxed, opening the fire hydrant entirely, and hardly noticed that Teresa had trouble taking it all in. She pinched Patrick, and he had to squeeze his penis to ease the flow. At a slower pace, he continued to relieve himself into Teresa’s mouth, battling the euphoric feeling of letting it all go.

So engrossed in their act, neither Patrick nor Teresa noticed Jane passing them after she had finished her drink.

“Pathetic,” she sneered at both of them, and she returned to her bunk.

After a while, Patrick’s stream died out, and Teresa got up again. Contentedly, they watched the timer still going down; they were delighted to know that Teresa’s outlandish plan had actually worked.

Two hours later, Patrick felt full again, and they repeated their act in the same fashion. The raging hard-on was still unavoidable, and with it the struggle to get the flow going. Lucky for him. Teresa waited patiently for minutes until he finally managed to relax. When he had emptied his bladder halfway, he looked at the clock and cut the stream short. With less than half an hour to go, he was confident to hold the rest, and he didn’t want to trouble Teresa more than he had to.

They lingered around the bunk with the water cooler, and after a few minutes, Jane approached them, as it was almost time for her to down her last cup. Her pace was slow and irregular, as after every three or four steps, she stopped and bent her legs while she fought the sudden pressure waves inside her. Every time she stood still, her fingers reached for her privates, searching for the spot closest to her aching pee hole. Despite her obvious struggle, she staggered towards the bunk with determination, occasionally glancing towards the countdown timer in order to arrive in time when the cooler would fill up again. Patrick and Teresa stared at her, and they both realized that Jane was in serious trouble, posing a threat to their collective holding attempt.

“Status check?”, inquired Patrick in the most neutral way he could think of, not wanting to deter Jane in her fragile mental state.

“I’m fine,” Jane huffed, although she clearly wasn’t, dancing on the spot while she squeezed her privates again. “Now get the fuck out of my way so that I can drink my cup”, she sneered at him, and then took a step forward again.

“Good, good,...” Patrick said. “I’m feeling fine too, so if there’s anything that I can do to help… I mean, I can definitely take an extra cup without any issue, if you want…”

Jane didn’t react to Patrick’s offer and proceeded towards the water cooler, but Teresa then took a step forward, blocking Jane’s path.

“I think I can too,” Teresa proposed more bluntly, “to be safe, I think it’s best if Patrick and I share the two cups left. I mean, you’re clearly on the verge of bursting.”

Jane immediately reacted to Teresa’s words as if she was being stung by a bee.

“This… is… my… cup… I… don’t… need… no… handouts,” she lashed out, breathing heavily, “especially not from a little princess bitch like you. Now get the FUCK out of my way, or…”

“Or what?” Teresa taunted her with a smirk, angering Jane even more.

“Get the FUCK AWAY!” Jane shouted on the top of her lungs, a string of saliva running past the corner of her mouth. “Or I will piss here on the floor right now!”

She pretentiously spread her legs to support her threat, and instantly regretted it, smashing her knees together again so that she would not lose control. Her bladder screamed inside her, on the verge of exploding, and she realized that her posturing had almost been fatal. It however, didn’t miss its intended target, and Teresa scrambled back, scared that Jane would actually do it.

The water cooler gurgled at 0:20:00, and Jane grabbed the cup, filled it, and placed it against her lips. She took a deep breath, and then downed it in one go. Her hand let go of the cup, and the container fell down on the floor while she smashed both hands in between her legs. The realization that her kidneys would soon pump all this water into her already brimming bladder hit her, and she could barely take on the extra mental load. Every muscle in her body was fighting the inevitable flood, and she tried to hold on, somehow, determined to delay release for another twenty minutes. She tried to convince herself that she could do it, but to Patrick and Teresa, it was obvious that she was in trouble. They stared at her while she bent over, breathing heavily, gasping for air, and once in a while she screamed as if she was giving birth. Aware that she was making a scene, she turned around to Patrick and Teresa, shouting:

“Stop staring at me, you perverts!”

Both Patrick and Teresa did as instructed, and turned their gaze towards the exit door and away from Jane. As the minutes passed by, they watched the timer steadily going down. At 0:11:00, the ten mark was nearing, and Patrick mentally prepared himself to drink the last cup. He then unexpectedly overheard the water cooler gurgle, and turned around, leaping towards the bunk - had he miscounted? He hastily placed an empty cup under the tap, but quickly realized that the cooler hadn’t filled up to just one cup; instead it was filling itself to the maximum level again, meaning…

“Shit, Jane, shit!”, Teresa moaned at the same time, and while a part of Patrick had realized what had happened, he turned around towards the countdown clock again to be sure.

7:00:00.

While Teresa leaped on towards the shower cabin, Patrick stared at Jane again. She was still hunched over, dancing around, seemingly unaware that they had failed the attempt to beat the timer. In between her feet, there was a small translucent puddle, not larger than a nickel. It was barely visible to the human eye, but the room had picked up on it. A lone drop was slowly traveling down Jane’s thigh, making the source obvious to Patrick. Jane, however, was still clenching her muscles, holding back the enormous amount of piss inside her with all her strength.

“Jane…”, whispered Patrick, “it’s over… you…”

Jane groaned and turned around, her left foot landing into the coin-sized puddle. For a second, she stood still, and then proceeded to swipe her foot over the liquid, smearing it over the white floor.

“I’m still holding,” she gasped in denial, “I’m still holding… a few more minutes… I can do it…”

“Jane, listen to me”, said Patrick, “it’s no use, you can let go now. It’s over…”

Jane squirmed around, and kept repeating the same mantra over and over. “I’m still holding… a few more minutes… I’m still holding…”

Patrick heard the vortex drying Teresa’s body, meaning that the shower cabin was now free to use. Since he had cut his flow during his last relief, he briefly thought about emptying his bladder entirely. But Jane needed it more than he did, he figured, so she told her that she could go there before him. Again, Jane hardly reacted, reiterating again and again that she was still holding. Her eyes were watery, her knees buckling, and it was clear that she was on the very edge of complete eruption. Patrick could tell that she was physically hurting herself, and nudged her towards the shower, but she didn’t want to move.

“Come on, let’s go together,” he said, and hooked his arm behind hers. He could tell that she was hesitant, but didn’t forcibly resist him. Patrick gently pulled her forward, while she kept on repeating “I’m still holding…”

Once they were in the shower cabin, Patrick let go of Jane right when she was standing above the drain. He stepped out of the cabin and turned around to give her some privacy, expecting the sound of a torrent hitting the metal cover. But the only thing he overheard were her footsteps rapidly tapping up and down the floor, her body gasping for air, and after a few seconds, he spiraled to her again. Jane was unnaturally shaking, hands jammed in between her legs, and Patrick was unsure whether he had to admire or bemoan Jane’s stubborn persistence. All he knew is that he didn’t want her to needlessly suffer anymore, and decided to give her desperate call of nature a helping hand. He aimed his penis at the drain in between her feet, and blatantly sighed when his piss started swirling out of him. The backsplash of his stream hitting the floor tickled Jane’s bare legs, and the sound and sight of Patrick relieving himself seemed to trigger her instantly.

Her eyes widened and she started breathing even faster, clenching her privates with all might. “I’m still holding, I’m still holding,” she cried out in a high-pitched voice, “I’m still holding, I’m still holding, I’m still holding”, she squealed faster and faster, “I’m still… oh no, no, no-no-no, AHHH!”

Jane shuddered, and pee explosively sprayed through the gaps between her fingers, sprinkling the entire shower cabin. Yellow drops were splashing against Patrick’s legs, the floor, the glass side walls, and some of it even landed on the back wall behind her. Surprised by the force of her stream, Jane spread her legs, the torrent now blasting vertically into the drain. While she went on and on and on, she started weeping, and Patrick couldn’t tell whether her tears were out of pleasure or shame - probably both. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, her stream tapered off, and she stared at Patrick after opening her eyes.

Jane’s knees buckled, and she wrapped her arms around Patrick’s shoulder for support, her bare breasts pressing against his torso.

“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry!”, she whimpered, realizing that it was her fault that they had failed the attempt. Patrick shushed Jane and caressed her hair, calming her down, and asked if she wanted to talk. Jane nodded, and they sat down on the shower cabin floor while the vortex dried them.

“Frankly,” Patrick began, “I think you were amazing. It’s just that they made it so damn hard for us to succeed. I mean, without the loophole, I wouldn’t have made it either.”

“And I was a fool to ridicule Teresa’s plan,” Jane said.

“Yeah I mean, it actually worked,” smiled Patrick. “That’s good right, now that we found a way, we can get out of here and…”

“Yes! I want to do it! It’s just that…” Jane turned her gaze away, and her cheeks reddened.

“It’s just what?” Patrick lifted Jane’s chin towards him again.

“It’s just that…”, Jane started whispering, “I have a natural… gag reflex when it comes to cocks and…”

Patrick laughed out loud. “Jane… that’s it? That’s all?”

“Yeah, that’s it, I mean, I tried taking in yours the other day, hoping that it would be different, but…” she said.

“Relax, Jane, I’m sure you can do it. This is gonna sound weird but… I don’t even have to go in deep there, just the tip is enough. Let’s just try it in a few days, ok? Come on, let’s get up”, proposed Patrick, to which Jane agreed.

“Ok.”

TO BE CONTINUED

*005*2025-09-16 15:27

LAST PART

Three nights later, a few hours after Jane had announced that she was ready, Patrick was awoken by Teresa, who had crawled into Patrick’s bunk. Patrick wanted to speak up, but Teresa put her finger on his mouth, and whispered:

“Shhh, we don’t want to awaken Jane.”

Before Patrick could properly address what was going on, Teresa grabbed his right hand, placed it on her bare chest, and then moved his left hand into her red bikini panties.

“Come on, I’ll help you to let off some steam - your handicap was really annoying me the other day”, Teresa continued, and she wrapped her hand around his penis, which had already hardened. “Oh my, Patrick, your big cock makes me so horny, oh yes, right there, make me come!”, she said while she thrusted his member, like she was a porn star out of a B-list adult movie. Although her acting was so obviously fake, Patrick’s sex-depraved body indulged into the action, and he started rubbing her privates as well. Her lips were clammy at first, but after a few strokes, he slowly felt her getting wet.

“Oh yes, yes, yes, I’m gonna come!” Teresa squealed, but when Patrick tried to enter her with his index finger in order to properly please her, she pulled her hips back, away from his prying finger. “Oh my god, yes, yes!”, she continued, and with a few calculated thrusts, she pushed Patrick over the edge. While climaxing, he closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, Teresa had already slipped out of his bunk. His cum was dripping down her body, and she tiptoed towards the shower to clean herself. Patrick pinched himself to make sure that he wasn’t dreaming, and realized that he was wide awake.

A few hours later, the lights in the room indicated the start of the day. Without saying a word, the three of them relieved themselves of their morning piss, and gathered by the bunk with the water cooler. Keeping in mind that Patrick would now have two mouths as his disposal, they had changed the distribution of cups once again.

After Jane and Teresa both downed a measly 2 glasses of water, Patrick finished the remaining 14 left in the cooler. The timer started ticking, and Patrick rubbed his stomach, already feeling bloated after consuming the copious amount of liquids. He planned to down yet another 4 cups every hour that followed, in order to spare Jane and Teresa.

Not surprisingly, he felt his bladder filling up fast during the first two hours, and after drinking the 4:30:00 cup, he walked over towards Teresa’s bunk and nudged her. Without saying a word, Teresa went down on her knees and gently took hold of Patrick’s flaccid penis. The thing instantly hardened while she moved it towards her lips. Just like a few days ago, a standstill ensued, with Patrick’s erection blocking the urinary relief that he needed. Teresa’s last night’s operation hadn’t helped in that regard, and had actually made things even worse psychologically. Now that Teresa had finished him off, Patrick’s horny mind had now promoted her to a potential sex partner, eager to repeat the happy ending again. Instead of piss, he felt a drop of precum escape the tip of his penis, and he decided to call it off after a few strange minutes.

“Maybe we should try again after a few cups more…”, Patrick said, flustered, while he retracted his member out of Teresa’s mouth.

“You and your libido,” smirked Teresa, while she put his penis in between her lips again, “let’s just get this over with.”

He felt her slippery tongue swirl all over his phallus, and then she leaned her head forward, taking the entire shaft in. When his crest touched the back off her throat, his erection maximized, and Teresa started pumping the rod around her mouth. Although she was a little too rough for Patrick’s liking, he soon felt a climax nearing. He closed his eyes and ejaculated into Teresa’s mouth.

When he opened his eyes again after a few seconds, he saw that Jane was staring at them from a distance. His penis softened, and during his post-nut clarity Patrick felt the urge to pee rising again. He made sure to position his valve in between Teresa’s lips, and then a rush of urine cleaned his pipes, landing in Teresa’s mouth. She devoured Patrick’s piss at a steady pace, and Patrick sighed, relieved by his bladder emptying, but also glad that the awkward situation would be soon over. If they could manage to do this a few times more, they would surely be able to beat the timer, and hopefully regain their freedom.

An hour and a half later, Patrick’s bladder was nagging him again. According to the schedule, it was Jane’s turn to help him out, but he was hesitant to approach her. Can you open your mouth so that I can pee in it? – seemed too blunt of a question to him, but he failed to think of another way to ask her. Instead, he lingered around her bunk, subtly dancing around once in a while, hoping that she would pick up the hint. After ten minutes and yet another drink, Patrick had to acknowledge that his plan wasn’t working, and he placed himself onto Jane’s mattress.

“A penny for your thoughts?”, Patrick asked, and Jane pivoted herself next to him.

“A penny? “, she said and smiled, “and how are you planning to pay me?”

“Ok – you got me,” Patrick chuckled, “put it on the tab and I will pay you back once we are out here.”

“If we are ever getting out,” answered Jane in a more serious tone, “we don’t have a single clue about what is behind that door…”

“Sun and ice cream, remember? I recall that you were going to share a banana split with me…”

Jane laughed, and so did Patrick. His bladder throbbed inside him, reminding him why he was here.

“But first we have to get out of here - hopefully, our plan is working. There is still a lot of water to go…”, he tried to steer the conversation in the right direction.

“Yeah, that is true. Are you feeling ok after all those drinks?”, asked Jane.

“Yes, I’m ok”, answered Patrick, and he mentally kicked himself for not admitting his need. Thankfully, Jane gave him another opportunity.

“Good. So if you need to… you know, give me a shout, ok?”

“Well, actually…” Patrick sighed loudly, “I really need to go right now…”

Jane stared at Patrick for a few seconds, and then jumped up.

“Patrick, you should have told me”, she said, while she went down on her knees before him. “Come on, let’s do this,” she continued, trying to sound confident, but her trembling voice gave away her insecurity. Slowly, she leaned in between his legs, guiding the tip of his penis in between her lips. The head slid around the surface, and Patrick pushed the glans of his member into her mouth so that it wouldn’t glide out by accident. Jane coughed, and a drop of sweat was running down her forehead, but although she was struggling, she continued wrapping his lips around his shaft. No matter how much he tried to avoid it, Patrick couldn't help getting hard again, and failed to get the flow going. Jane patiently waited, taking the time to get accustomed to having Patrick’s penis inside her.

After a while, the thing softened just a little, and a warm dribble met her tongue. She coughed again and then swallowed, causing Patrick to relax some more, filling her mouth with piss again. Jane’s hand nervously darted towards Patrick’s groin, and she pinched his shaft firmly in between her fingers, blocking his urethra. Patrick groaned, his relief cut short, and he anxiously stared at Jane, who seemed to be unable to wash the urine down her throat. His bladder started burning inside him, and just when he feared that he would be unable to control himself any longer, Jane swallowed and loosened her grip again for half a second. Although the burst he could release was rather small compared to the ocean inside him, he smiled contentedly. A fourth burst followed soon after, and they continued in the same fashion - Jane pinching and unclenching his member to control the pace - until he was totally empty.

After she had consumed the very last drops or urine, Jane let go of Patrick’s penis. When he tried to pull himself back out of their position, however, he felt Jane’s hand grasping his buttocks, drawing his shaft in again. Jane started caressing him with her tongue, and his erection maximized yet another time. After glancing at the clock and realizing that there was still time before he would have to down another cup, he relaxed and put his hands on the back of Jane’s head.

At a slow pace, Jane’s tongue gently crawled around the tip of his penis, leaving no part untouched. Patrick moaned out of pleasure, and she cautiously started sucking, making sure that she didn’t pull him in too deep. Patrick trembled, thoroughly enjoying her moves, but instead of ramping up the pace to lead him to a climax, she slowed down again. Her tongue then moved around the head of his penis, surveying, searching for the spot where he liked her touch the most, and when she found it, he shuddered. Jane’s unusual technique, very different from Teresa’s, was something that he had never experienced before. Her tongue circled his g-spot for a while, and then she went all-in.

The next seconds were kind of a haze to Patrick, as Jane started sucking again while applying a feathery pressure on exactly the right spot. Despite that his shaft was barely inside her, he felt the point of no return nearing, and as he got there, he felt Jane’s lips parting. In the latest moment of clarity, he looked down and saw that her mouth was wide open, forming a perfect “O”, waiting for him. The image alone pulled him over the edge; he didn’t even need Jane’s touch for it. His balls spasmed and the product of his third ejaculation of the day landed on her talented tongue. She immediately got up from her knees, smiling. “I did it!”, she exclaimed cheerfully, like a kid getting candy.

“Wow… that was amazing…” thanked Patrick.

“I fucking did it - my first blowjob, and I didn’t even gag a single time! Jane 1 - Wayne 0!.”

“Wayne?”, asked Patrick, still catching his breath.

“An ex-boyfriend,” explained Jane, “but anyway…” She then leaned in, and whispered in his ear. “Good that we also managed to do the other thing…”

Patrick nodded, and then laid his hands on Jane’s thigh. “Do you also want me to finish you off…?”

Jane laughed. “Maybe next time, Casanova. Now it’s time for your next drink”, and she pointed at the timer.

The next hour and a half went by quite uneventfully. With a little more than 90 minutes to go, Patrick felt that it was time to relieve himself again, and he approached Teresa. Unlike the previous attempts, he managed to start going immediately - finally Teresa’s and Jane’s “hard work” had paid off.

A minute before 0:20:00, they all gathered by the water cooler to do a status check between them. Jane stated that she felt what she called “comfortably full”; she could definitely hold it for another twenty minutes. Compared to all their previous attempts, she was far from her limit, and able to handle more water if needed. Teresa on the other hand was shifting around, crossing and uncrossing her legs, and said that she was getting quite desperate. She had hope that she could endure this for twenty minutes more, but she couldn’t tell for sure. She promised that she would give everything she had, and with that statement, she left Patrick and Jane by the water cooler. 

0:20:20. Jane stared at Patrick; with less than twenty seconds to decide who would drink the next cup, he hadn’t shared his state yet. He hesitated, as it was a tough call for him. On the one hand, he felt that his bladder was really full, with little room for expansion, and the last cups of water would soon travel there. On the other hand, it was only twenty minutes, and his options were limited. Relieving himself into Teresa was clearly not an option, and using Jane as a urinal carried a significant risk. Yes, they had managed to do it once, but keeping in mind that Jane had trouble swallowing his piss, he doubted whether she could do it again without spilling.

0:20:00. In anticipation of Patrick’s answer, Jane filled the cup, and held it between them.

“Patrick, are you ok?”, she ultimately asked him, “do you need me to…”

He knew that had to make a split decision; and he decided to try and hold it.

“I’m good”, he said, “I’m full, but I’m sure that I can hold it for twenty minutes longer.”

He knew that it was a white lie, and his bladder complained inside him. He stared at the cup between them, and suppressed a groan; there was no way that he would make it, if he would drink any more water.

“Do you think you can do the next two rounds?”, he asked Jane.

Without hesitation she immediately downed the water, and the timer continued.

The last ten minutes were hell for Patrick. More water than anticipated was reaching his bladder, and he was absolutely bursting. He paced around the room while clenching his penis, fighting wave after wave. The ocean of urine inside him wanted to come out, his muscles wanted to give up, but as long as his mind was pulling the strings, he didn’t let that happen. Over and over again, he questioned whether he had made the right decision when he had rejected Jane’s invitation. He could have relieved himself in her if he had wanted to., but he hadn’t. 

At that time, it seemed like the right choice. Now, that he was risking losing control over his bladder, he wasn’t sure. He had thought about asking her again, but ultimately didn’t, and as time progressed, the escalation of commitment only increased. Barely holding on, he struggled through the last minutes. Even though there was a real chance that he was going to botch the attempt, he couldn’t ask Jane anymore. If he would open his floodgates now, Jane would never be able to cope with the unstoppable flow that would come out of him.

And then - 0:00:00. Clunk.

Patrick gasped for air, while Teresa reached for the door knob. Without hesitation, she opened the door and ventured into the unknown space. Patrick and Jane followed suit. The floor was again white, but there were no clouds of steam in this rectangular room. There was a bed nested in each of the four walls, and there was a water dispenser with a quadruple yin and yang symbol above. IIn the middle, there was a translucent glass cabin with a white porcelain toilet inside. Next to the cabin, there was a red toolbox with tools spread all over the floor. Buckets of paint were scattered around in another corner of the room, and electrical wires were hanging from the ceiling. In the wall opposite to them there was an inactive red LED clock, right above a door which was ajar. Not knowing how to proceed, the three of them lingered around the entrance, until Teresa spoke up.

“Is that… a functional toilet with the lid open? Dibs on that!”

Teresa leaped towards the shower cabin, one hand clenching her privates, one hand tugging her panties halfway down her buttocks. In one motion, she pulled the red fabric towards her knees and collapsed onto the toilet seat. A torrent erupted from her, splashing into the bowl, and she sighed. She couldn’t believe how good it felt to urinate in a proper space after all this time, and enjoyed every second of it. She went on and on, and the sound filled the room, adding much to Patrick’s discomfort, who still had to piss like never before. He danced around clutching himself, scanning the room for another proper place where could release his urgent pee, but he couldn’t find any, so he decided to wait. After her stream had died down, Teresa left the cabin, and marched towards the door below the LED clock.

Now that the toilet was free, both Patrick and Jane walked towards the cabin, eager to follow in Teresa’s footsteps. Patrick hesitated yet again; although he was in no position to be the gentleman in the situation, he did anyway. Ladies first, he whispered, and then waited outside the cabin. As Jane approached the bowl, however, his bladder spasmed, and a leak escaped the tip of his penis. He squeezed his member so hard that he pained himself in order to try and stop the flow, but to no avail. A second larger spurt shot out of him, landing on the floor. Desperately, he stared into the cabin, hoping that he still could go first, but Jane was already on the toilet, her stream just started. He moaned loudly as a third burst escaped his bladder, and the fourth one followed suit. No matter how hard he tried, he simply couldn’t hold it any longer.

“Patrick, here!”

Jane, now aware of Patrick's despair, wanted to help him, and in an effort to do so, she had spread her legs on the toilet. Pointing between her thighs, she indicated where Patrick could pee, and he eagerly accepted the invitation. Fearing that he would piss all over Jane if he would stand, Patrick fell down on his knees, aimed his penis towards the space between her spread legs and the toilet seat, and then finally let go. With the force of a fire hydrant, the stream surged out of him. His flow met Jane’s pee in the middle, and blasted it towards the back of the bowl. Even there, the energy of the combined piss jet was still so strong that the backsplash got everywhere. The lion's share touched down in the toilet, but a significant amount landed on Jane’s bare buttocks, and a few lone drops even backfired onto Patrick's torso. He was so in bliss that he didn’t notice nor cared about it.

Jane’s pee tapered down first, but since Patrick was blocking her way off the toilet and still going strong, she remained on the seat, staring at the open door below the inactive LED clock.

“Patrick… we made it… we made it!”, she cheered with enthusiasm.

Patrick opened his eyes and his cheeks reddening with embarrassment as he became aware of their compromising position. The tip of his penis was just inches away from Jane’s genitals, his unrelenting stream barely missing her open labia. Golden drops were falling down from her lips, and Patrick wondered if they were hers or his. He quickly looked up to her, and forced a smile on his face while he tried to stop the flow.

“I think we did…”, he sighed. “Fuck, that was…”

“Yeah”, Jane replied, and they both burst out laughing.

“Come on,” said Patrick while he got up after he finished, “let’s go and see where Teresa is.”

“Sure,” murmured Jane, “but first…” She leaned into Patrick, and kissed him on the lips.

“What was that for?”, laughed Patrick. “Not that I’m complaining…”

“Just wanna make sure that you remember me, whatever happens next”, Jane smiled.

He wanted to lean in and kiss her back, but at that moment, Teresa stepped into the room again.

“Hey lovebirds, are you finally done? Let’s get the fuck out this strange place”, she said.

“Yeah, for sure”, answered Patrick, “what did you find out already?”

“Not much”, briefed Teresa while they walked through the open door, “as you can see, it seems like we are in some kind of basement. No windows, no doors - but I did locate a staircase over there.”

The three of them climbed the stairs, and then Patrick opened the door at the top. Behind it was a hallway in what looked like an office setting; once his eyes got accustomed to seeing natural light again, he saw a bunch of desks with computers on top of them in most of the adjacent rooms. There wasn’t a single person in sight, and the building was awfully quiet. Patrick, Jane and Teresa carefully roamed the halls, in search of an exit, and it didn’t take long before they found a fire escape door. Teresa eagerly pushed the handle, but found that the door was locked - bummer.

“Hey guys, over here!” said Jane from the adjacent room, “we’re at the ground floor, let’s go through the window!”

When she opened the casement, a breath of fresh air titillated her.

“Allright,” Teresa cheered, as she put a chair below the window to use as a stepping stone, “real world, here we…”

Suddenly, a gunshot broke the silence, followed by a glass window pane shattering in a thousand pieces.

“Raise your hands in the air and get down on your knees, NOW!”, a loud voice shouted.

Teresa, Jane and Patrick complied, and as they turned around, they saw a security guard standing in the door opening. He was wearing a mask, and in his right hand, he carried a loaded weapon. In his other hand was a nozzle, connected to a container behind his back.

He approached Jane first, and sprayed a blue steam cloud in her face. In seconds, she dropped down on the floor. Next up was Patrick, and although he tried staying awake, he felt drowsy soon as well. In his last seconds of awareness, he noticed Teresa subtly moving towards the window. In a haze, he saw her lunging onto the chair, leaping towards the open gap in the wall.

“Hey!”, said the security guard as he turned towards Teresa - and then, Patrick lost consciousness as well.

- - -

“Sir, time to go home, we’re closing!”

Patrick was stirred awake by a man tapping his arm, and he slowly opened his eyes. He couldn’t identify the man in front of him at first. But when Patrick examined him further, he could see the “Greenville pool guard” logo on the man’s shirt, and he gasped for air. Patrick’s hands ran down the bench surface - white pool tiles, and then down to his groin - and that’s when he realized that he was wearing his speedo again.

“Sir, we’re closing”, the pool guard reiterated, and then pointed at the other side of the steam room.

“Do you happen to know that woman over there?”

“Jane!”, Patrick immediately shouted, and he jumped up. “Jane, wake up, wake up, we’re back in the Greenville steam room! You’re wearing your bikini again and…”

While Jane slowly roused to consciousness as well, Patrick suddenly remembered what had happened before, and he ran towards the pool guard again.

“Where is Teresa, where is the other woman?”

The guard gave him a puzzled look.

“Look, there is no other woman,” he said with some annoyance, “and it’s past closing time, so for the last time, get dressed and go home or I will have to call security!”

Patrick and Jane complied, and minutes later, they were standing on the doorstep of the pool, as if everything had never happened. Naturally, they immediately went to the police office to file a report. The officer taking their statement found their story rather unbelievable - understandably so. But he promised to investigate the strange case anyway, and asked Patrick and Jane to return the next day, so they could inform them of their findings. The day after, they were in for quite a surprise. The police officer presented them with a case file, full of their whereabouts of the last weeks. Cell phone records to their family, social media posts, witness reports of their coworkers, digital restaurant receipts, and so on. And to top it all, a crystal clear surveillance video of them exiting the community pool, the day when they claimed their abduction imprinted on the tape. Patrick and Jane sat there in shock, knowing that it was all planted evidence, but unable to prove the opposite.

Patrick quickly realized that he would never be able to convince the police, but Jane wasn't as quick to accept defeat. Day after day she visited the police station, long after the officers had asked her not to bother them with her delusions. After a while, they even locked Jane up in a mental institute. Patrick was the only person to visit her every day, and when she got out after a week, they packed their bags and ran off together. In a rural town in an overseas country, the two of them started a new life, got married, got a dog, then a girl. They never told their story to anyone ever again. Even though their daughter could tell they flinched whenever she asked them how they had met, Patrick and Jane took their secret to the grave.

THE END

