You trick your girlfriend into pissing all over you and the bed

Author: fazelordhorn

*000*2021-09-11 10:50

My first ever story.

POV: You get your girlfriend to piss on you

"Oh hi y/n" Jannet says as she pulls off of the netball court to say hi to me.

"Hi cutie, got you something to drink." I hand over the water bottle i filled up for her.

"Get back on the court Jannet! We aren't gonna make finals if you continue like this!" The coach barked.

"I better go now." Jannet says as she jogs back onto the court.

Fuck. She better drink that water. I keep on watching the training go on. I can't keep my eyes off of her leggings. She still doesn't know im into wetting. She better not think its weird.

As I am still entangled in thoughts of her wetting those leggings she appears in the corner of my eye walking towards me.

"It's half time. Coach said I can leave early. Come back to mine, my parents are on holiday now."

Holy shit. Her parents are on holiday. We can do it - finally.

"Hang on, give me 5 I gotta go get a drink. I finished all that water."

I wait for her to get her drink and think yes, its all going to plan! I might finally get to see her wet her cute little leggings.

When we are walking home together I buy her a drink from 711. She drinks it up fast, still thirsty from her training.

"I can't wait to feel your fat cock" She wispers in my ear after she takes another sip.

"And I cant wait to see you pi- tits" I say back, nearly exposing myself.

When we reach the house its eerily quiet, until she turns the lights on. It's night time at this point. She leads me into her bedroom. She says something about waiting here while she goes to the bathroom and I grab her by the waist and tackle her into the bed playfully. She lands on her back with me on top of her and I just slide my finger down into her tight little leggings and start rubbing her clit. She says to stop before she pisses herself.

"That's what I want you to do" I respond, and I suddenly feel a warm liquid touching my hand and realise its not just her aroused liquids, its urine. I pull out my hand, grab her by the waist and pull her on top of me while i lay on my back and she starts to spray piss out from those leggings. It goes all over my dick which is threatening to burst the seams of my pants. It just keeps going, and she sprays it out all over me and absolutely soaks her bed.

"I had no idea you liked wet girls, because i love wetting, and I love you Y/N."

