Community Service

Author: fullbladder

*000*2021-06-20 12:51

“Oh my God, wasn’t that guy just the HOTTEST?” Moana stumbled around the street corner with the help of her not-as-drunk companion, Dianne.

“Yes, and to think he was into YOU.” Dianne rolled her eyes in the dark, shrugging her BFF a little more upright, in the hopes of encouraging her to bear more of her own weight.

To her dismay, Moana stopped suddenly instead, a feat in her high heels and drunk state. She turned and put her hands on Dianne’s chest, just above her impressive round 34C breasts. “Do you think he really wanted me to come home with him?”

“Well, duh. He only fed you fifteen $9 drinks!” It was an exaggeration, but only sightly. Moana had been drinking with a couple of boys for the past two-and-a-half hours- they had been more than happy to fuel the flirtatious, sexy brunette who had gotten increasingly touchy and provocative with every drink. Dianne suspected Moana was referring to the tall, handsome dirty blond athlete and not his shorter, black-haired geeky friend.

“Oh! I wish I was with him now in a nice warm bed, enjoying his cock!” She shivered opportunely to express her point. It was a chilly night, and the ladies wore only thin sweaters over their revealing dresses.

Dianne silently wondered why she bothered with her wild childhood friend. Their other two friends had left the club a long time ago, but she had stuck around to ensure Moana was okay. She had silently sipped on a few martinis keeping a quiet eye on her friend. A man about twenty years her elder had come over to hit on her, but she had barely responded to him in her tired state supervising her drunk 22-year-old friend. Now she was rewarded for her babysitting with a long walk home with a grown human sprawled over her. Her thoughts were interrupted by Moana stopping again.

A new reality had just hit her. After too many drinks and no toilet break since the early afternoon, she had to go. She pressed her hand over the crotch area of her tight marine-blue dress. “I need to pee real bad!” She announced urgently.

A merry group of mid-twenties businessmen laughed audibly as they walked by, admiring the scene of a fit figure wriggling in the soft illumination of a streetlight. “Go on then, give us a show!” yelled one of them as they continued strutting down the busy street.

Dianne had a mild need for the toilet herself, having not used the club facilities either. There had been a healthy line in front of the ladies’ room all night. Nipping off for a wee could have resulted in the disappearance of Moana.

Too desperate to worry about anything but her bladder, Moana ignored the taunt and scanned the area for a potential alley. She located one about thirty meters away and started towards it. It was quite the ordeal with her heels, drunkenness, and struggle not to soak her panties. With her hand planted firmly in her crotch, she hobbled along with Dianne tailing closely.

Unfortunately, the alley was not really secluded, with shop lights dimly brightening the short pathway between two busy streets. However, Moana was out of options. She rushed behind the dumpster and pulled her thong down to her knees. She began peeing before she had fully crouched, sighing with immediate relief as her frothy stream noisily pounded on the pavement and trickled towards a rainwater drain ten feet away.

Glancing nervously at the street to her left, which fully exposed Moana, Dianne rushed over to strategically stand next to her oblivious roommate. Moana groaned pleasurably as she paused peeing briefly then resumed forcefully. Hearing her sighs and pee stream, Dianne crossed her legs. Her own need was growing intensely- she might also have to stop at some point along the lengthy trek home. She bit her lip as she nervously looked on- only a middle-aged couple had walked past since Moana had started peeing, and they hadn’t looked the girls’ way.

As Moana’s stream finally slowed, Dianne could take no more- there was no point in being uncomfortable if she wasn’t going to be hold it the entire way home. She quickly lowered her own bikini-cut panties and squatted, trying to pee as quickly as possible.

Moana giggled at the sight of her friend doing such a naughty thing with her. “Yay, we’re piss buddies!” The yell caught the attention of a group of 13-year-old boy scouts crossing the street, and they quickly stopped to observe two attractive drunk women urinating in plain view.

Moana laughed harder as she finished peeing, covering up her shaved vagina with one hand and pulling up her underwear with the other. Trying to stop mid-stream, Dianne covered her exposed butt with both hands, just managing to maintain her balance in her crouching position. As she willed herself to halt sweet relief, she pulled her panties up, drenching them. It was only then that she noticed a beam of light moving in front of her, and the sound of clacking steps approaching her.

It was a policeman, and he wasn’t happy. “OK ladies, on your feet.”

*002*2021-07-03 16:15

Sherry bustled through the busy lobby of the courthouse. She was late, just getting back from a longer-than-planned lunch with Melissa, her chatty friend from law school. Typically, Sherry, a public defender, strategically used her lunch break to review notes for her afternoon cases. This was followed by a quick drive back to the Springfield Courthouse and a bathroom break at its pristine facilities. Sherry was a creature of habit and firmly believed her commitment to a carefully-crafted schedule and the best discipline possible had resulted in her career success.

Today was a different story- Melissa had insisted on a lunch while she was in town and pushed her to have a drink with her garden salad. Sherry had gotten caught up in the fun and the lunch had stretched longer than it should have. Now here, she was running past the ladies room door with nothing more than a wishful glance. She hadn’t peed since waking up. Since then, she had downed two coffees, a cold bottle of water, a tea, and the drink at lunch. Oh well, she would just have to hold it a while. She tried to compose herself briefly before pulling open the courtroom door and striding in.

“Ah, here we are- Ms. Matsui!” Sherry noted that Judge Robertson had expressed her usual dry humour which surfaced at times. She was a younger judge, in her early forties, and tended to sympathetic towards younger defendants. Sherry hoped this would prove true once again today.

Muttering a quick apology, Sherry settled herself next to Moana and Dianne removing her files from her briefcase and quickly trying to glean important details. The college students nervously shifted focus between the judge and their lawyer.

“You two, Moana Walters and Dianne Redmond, are charged with urination in public, indecent exposure, and public drunkenness.” Sherry groaned silently as Judge Robertson started things off. What were the chances that this case, out of the hundreds she worked each year, would be all about peeing?

Sherry’s predicament worsened over coming minutes as the details of the case were discussed. On Saturday night, a very drunk Moana had been forcibly removed from the club after she had lifted up her skirt and mooned the horny guys she had been drinking with. Dianne had followed her out and nature had soon taken its toll on the young ladies. With bursting bladders in the wee morning hours, they had opted to relieve themselves in an alley a five-minute walk from the club.

A group of boy scouts who had experienced bus trouble on their way back from a two-day camping trip had been treated to a show as they trekked back home. Sherry wriggled in her seat, drawing attention from Dianne beside her. She tried to stop moving and folded her hands on her lap. The business skirt prevented her from exerting any real pressure on her throbbing pussy.

At long last, the case seemed to be wrapping up. Sherry had her legs pressed together tightly under her skirt, her hands still folded above it. She wriggled involuntarily in her seat, having drunk even more water through the legal proceedings- it was necessary to keep her mouth hydrated as she made her arguments.

Judge Robertson paused for effect as she spoke. “I do believe you ladies are remorseful for your actions and that what did was out of urgent necessity.”

Sherry felt her bladder spasm in protest and she clenched tight to just barely prevent her pee from escaping into her navy blue cotton panties. It was going to be a real challenge leaving this damned courtroom without a wet spot on her butt. She leaned forward in her chair, in an effort to sit up and reduce the unrelenting pressure on her bladder.

“However, there are much worse things in the world than wetting your pants….” Sherry groaned audibly and the girls beside her looked over. It was obvious that their lawyer needed to pee… badly. She was in genuine danger of peeing herself in front of the judge. Could she hang on just a few more moments?

Judge Robertson continued. “…and actions have consequences. You will have to make amends to society for your irresponsible behaviour.”

Another spasm hit poor Sherry. This time, she couldn’t clamp down hard enough. She felt a hot spurt escape her body- her panties were wet now. It wouldn’t be long before there was a big yellow puddle under her seat.

“I would normally order you to complete a few dozen hours of community service, but I think something more in line with your actions is appropriate here.”

Couldn’t she just get to the point? Sherry’s legs scissored helplessly as she rocked back and forth, silently begging for the judge to wrap up. She was just barely preventing a public and humiliating toilet accident out of sheer will.

“I will be hosting a charity fundraiser at my house in three weeks. The ladies will report to my house at 5:30 pm on Friday, June 14th and remain there until they have fulfilled their debt to society- it won’t be longer than six hours. Consider this a slap on the wrist for a first-time offense.”

The girls quickly agreed, in clear bewilderment and appreciation of their great fortunes. Sherry quickly picked up her belongings and thanked the judge. As she moved, she felt a longer spurt escape her tortured pussy. Streaks of pee were running down her pantyhose now and she noticed a couple of drops land at her feet. She was pissing herself in the courtroom.

The girls tried to thank her, but Sherry had more pressing matters to deal with. “S-sorry, I have to…”

Her words trailed off as she turned away, her face sweaty and red. She hobbled through the door- she had seconds before she lost all control. She squirted again as she rushed towards the ladies room, once again seeing glistening wetness drip to her feet- she was making a wet trail on the carpet as she scrambled to the washroom. If there was anyone behind her, they would plainly see that she was disgracing herself. However, she dared not check. The only thing that mattered now was getting her ass on a toilet before she drenched her clothes.

The bathroom was thankfully empty. She felt her bladder spasm hard as she dropped her briefcase on the tiled floor. There was no stopping this accident now- she was peeing her pants like a little schoolgirl, no ifs and buts about it. A powerful stream began flowing out of her panties as she lifted up her skirt and darted into the first cubicle. Her pee splattered on the floor, and on the toilet seat, as she desperately seated herself on it.

Sighing audibly, she gave up the struggle and blissfully peed through her undergarments into the toilet. She was wetting herself, but the orgasmic relief of finally letting go- it was overwhelming, an immediate heaven. Her bladder spasmed again as she continued emptying it.

“Hey, are you okay?” She heard Moana’s voice and the sound of the bathroom door opening. Reality interrupted her nirvana. Her cubicle door was wide open and she was sitting on the toilet with her skirt hiked up, soaking her panties.

“Yes, I’m fine- I’ll be out…” Her voice tailed off as she realized it was pointless. Dianne and Moana stared into her cubicle in shock, at their attractive lawyer peeing her pants, and the giant wet mess all over the floor.

Dianne quickly apologized and looked away, shutting the cubicle door before others walked in. Deeply embarrassed, Sherry kicked her leg out to keep the door shut as she finally finished peeing. At last, she was able to rise from the toilet and lock the door. As she cleaned up, she inspected the damage. Surprisingly, there was no wetness visible on her skirt- she would be okay to wear it to her next case in fifteen minutes. Sherry removed her panties and pantyhose and stashed them behind the toilet. She then removed the lid to the toilet tank and moistened a big wad of toilet paper to wipe her vagina and legs. She flushed the toilet and exited the cubicle, praying no one would figure out the pee puddle and deserted panties were hers. Luckily, the washroom was empty once again so she grabbed her briefcase and left. It was time for her next case.

*004*2021-11-21 05:07

Dianne and Moana cautiously walked from the white 2006 Hyundai Sonatra to the door, unsure of what awaited them. They had worn blue jeans and blouses as instructed, to match the western theme of the charity event held by Judge Martha Robertson. Moana knocked and there was a lengthy pause before the door opened.

“Ah, you’re early,” greeted the Judge cheerily. “Just as well, it will give you some time to use the facilities.” Dianne and Moana exchanged puzzled glances as she urged them to remove their shoes, and then led them down the hall to the washroom.

Moana shrugged and entered first- she had a mild need for the toilet anyway. After peeing, she took moment to inspect herself in the mirror while washing up. It was likely going to be a busy event and she wanted to look presentable, even while serving out her punishment. By the time Dianne had relieved herself and exited the washroom, Judge Martha had returned with some rather curious items- sets of chains and padlocks.

“OK! Since you two are all… freshened up, let’s get you ready for my charity event! Put these chains around your jeans tightly and then lock them in place.”

The ladies stared at her in disbelief- what kind of event was this, anyway? The slightly impatient judge rattled the chains at them and they quickly began removing their belts. After their jeans were tightly locked in place, with careful inspection from the judge, the ladies were permitted to watch TV as guests began arriving. It was hard to focus on the giant screen as their thoughts were burdened by the potential torture that awaited them.

As the living room grew busier with well-dressed men and women engaged in happy conversation (apparently the cowboy attire tale had been a total lie), Martha turned off the TV and directed the girls onto their feet. She called for attention and spoke once the room had quietened.

“As you know, this is a very special charity event which I am hosting with two very special guests- Moana and Dianne!”

The girls blushed as all eyes reverted to them, with their chains and padlocks in full view. “These ladies will be giving us a generous hand in raising funds for wells in Cambodia tonight! Let’s give them a hand!”

The room burst into a mix of excited cheering, applause and laughter. Martha gestured for everyone to quite down again. “These beautiful young ladies will be accepting drinks from you all night- you can decide to buy them a glass of water for $10, a beer for $15, or a glass of wine for $20. Once you buy them the drink, they are required to finish it within fifteen minutes and then accept the next one!”

The room once again filled with excited chatter- what a scene this was going to be! Once again, the judge motioned for silence so she could continue.

“As you can see, they are not able to use the toilet, so they will surely wet themselves before the night is through. Just to give them a chance though, I'll promise to unlock them at 9:00 when our event is done. However, if you believe they can’t keep their pants dry, you may buy a 5-minute time slot on our big board here!”

She gestured empathically to a white board with two giant grids set up, one for Dianne and one for Moana.

“Each five-minute slot is a bargain at only $10 each- buy them while they’re available! The winner of each grid gets a round of golf at Pineview- we thank them for their very generous donation!”

She directed the crowd to applaud a mid-forties man in a green golf shirt standing next to her.

“Let’s get started- happy drinking!”

Martha walked over to the shocked girls and instructed them to stay near the bar where they would be served their drinks. There was already a big crowd at the white board with eager gamblers getting their bids in. Dianne tried to ignore the scene and make sense of the situation. 9:00 was three hours away- she HAD to hold on until then. Wetting herself in front of such a large crowd just wasn’t an option.

As they walked to the bar, the girls heard the first person in line order a $5 beer for himself, then two glasses of water for them. The bartender expertly poured the drinks then set the two glasses of water in front of the women.

“Hi, I’m Shirley and I’ll be serving you tonight. Let me get you started with some water from Grant, the generous gentleman over there.”

The attractive young Filipino lady gestured to an early-thirties man in a grey sportscoat at the other end of the bar. He smiled at them and raised his beer glass. Dianne ignored the butterflies in her stomach as she politely lifted the glass of water to her lips. This was really happening!

As she lowered her glass after taking a delicate sip, Moana felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned to see a familiar face.

“Hi Moana. Remember me?”

It took a moment for Moana to realize who it was- the dark-haired geeky fellow from the bar from a few months ago! She momentarily struggled to attach a name to the face, but fortunately he seemed to sense her confusion and stuck out his hand.

“I’m Stephen- we met that one time at Three Horsemen Pub.”

Moana blushed as she recalled her drunk antics. Stephen had seen way too much of her curvy youthful body.

“Oh YES! I’m Moana.”

She blushed harder as she shook his hand, realizing he had just addressed her by her name seconds ago.

“And this is Dianne!” she added quickly, hoping to divert his attention momentarily. Stephen briefly turned towards Dianne and offered a handshake. “Nice to meet you, Dianne.”

However, it was clear his attention was on Moana. As the three of them chatted, Stephen happily shared details of what had brought him to the event. He was a 4th year law student, due to start an internship with Judge Robertson next summer. She had invited him to this charity event and running into Moana again had been a happy coincidence.

Moana had been infatuated with his handsome friend Stan at the pub, but as Stephen talked to her, she grew a fondness for him- he was a pretty cool guy behind those black-framed glasses!

Fifteen minutes passed quickly and the girls quickly gulped down their water after a warning from the bartender. There was already a sizeable list of patrons who had purchased drinks for them. As the ladies accepted two glasses of wine, the donors walked over to join them, prompting Stephen to exit the circle. The entrant was an obviously wealthy elderly man with a wife who couldn’t have been over 35.

“I’m Matthew and she’s Francine. It’s really brave of you to help out with a fundraiser like this. We have been supporting Martha for years, but we have never seen anything like this! Have we Francine?”

Francine giggled, showing off her perfect pearly-white teeth. “No, we certainly have not! I’d imagine you two will be getting a little wet later?” Her eyes drifted down to their lower regions.

“Not if we can help it!” Dianne blurted out. These two snobs were giving her an unpleasant vibe- it would totally suck having them see her pee her pants.

Matthew spoke up. “Well, give it your best shot- that’s what makes it interesting, I suppose. We have purchased ten time slots for each of you. Enjoy your drinks, ladies!” He raised his wine glass and whisked his wife away. Francine hesitated, seemingly eager for more details, which the girls were in no mood to share- they silently thanked old Matthew for dragging her away.

However, the departed couple was the least of their problems. There was now a line of people waiting to talk to them, curious for details. Two attractive women were consuming drink after drink while not being able to use the toilet. What an exciting event!

*005*2021-11-23 22:25

An hour passed and the crowd had seemed to adopt an unwritten rule that the person or couple who had bought the ladies their latest drink was entitled to spend a few minutes with them. Moana and Dianne tried not to show signs of their filling bladders as party guests carefully scanned their legs, midsections, and faces for evidence of discomfort. Several interested men had permanently fixated themselves within earshot of the ladies, eagerly listening to every conversation and eyeing every move.

As the latest couple wished them good luck, Judge Martha took the opportunity to step in. “How are you doing, ladies?”

“We’re okay.” Dianne replied cautiously. She still couldn’t believe a well-respected judge would come up with a punishment like this.

“That’s good. I wanted to take a moment to take to both of you. Know that my intention was not only to punish you. I really am all about charity and you’re helping me raise a LOT for a great cause. We have already raised almost triple of our usual parties and it’s all thanks to you!”

“Uh, no problem.” Moana replied, unsure of the appropriate response. With her bladder becoming a lingering annoyance, she had half a mind to snap at the evil little woman, but thought better of it.

“Thanks again, ladies. Enjoy the rest of the night.” She smiled and turned away, gesturing for the waiting lesbian couple to come and have their moment with Moana and Dianne.

With most of the guests buying beer and wine for them, the girls grew drunker quickly. Their words slurred as having intelligible conversations became increasingly difficult. Their bladders were filling alarmingly quickly and over an hour still remained in the event!

The guests had seemed to estimate the ladies’ bladder capacity well, as all the time slots in the second half of the event had already been purchased. The board was causing a giant buzz in the room as excited, drunk partiers divided their gazes between the board, the large clock on the wall, and the two desperate ladies. Moana and Dianne had given up trying to hide their desperation- they danced subtly on the spot trying to maintain their drunk focus on conversation and off their protesting bladders.

“Oh! Stephen!” Moana blurted in surprise as she picked up yet another drink. She pressed her thighs together as the surprise nearly caused an unwanted spurt. She crossed her left leg over the right, strategically adding more pressure on her pussy.

“Yeah, those drinks are on me- you’re welcome.”

“Thanks!” Moana and Dianne replied in unison, giggling drunkenly. They bent over with hands in crotches trying not to wet themselves.

“Sorry… you guys must need to go bad, huh?” Moana could tell her unfortunate predicament was interesting him.

“Yeah… that obvious?” Dianne rolled her eyes.

Stephen opened his to apologize again, but Moana quickly interjected. “We’ve been telling everyone we are doing fine, but MAN… I feel like I’m gonna piss my jeans any minute!”

She stared deep into Stephen’s eyes, enjoying the shock on his face and wordless sputtering. If there was one thing she was enjoying about the evening, it was flirting with him. The buzz wasn’t bad either. If only she could just PEE!

Stephen reached into his pocket, attempting to adjust himself. Moana could see a sizeable bulge in his pants. He noticed her staring at his shuffling and reddened. It only encouraged a very drunk and horny Moana further. She deliberately stepped closer to him and lifted her blouse a few inches, revealing the lacy sky-blue waistband of her panties.

“Look how full my tummy is right now. I’m bursting for a pee- I could probably sit down on the toilet and piss for an entire minute!”

As Stephen desperately covered his crotch trying to hide the huge tent in his pants, Moana instantly regretted her drunk flirting. The thought of sitting down on the toilet and letting go was pure torture. She groaned audibly and doubled over with her hands in crotch, just barely keeping her bladder from emptying into her panties. For Stephen, the sight of his gorgeous love interest on the verge of pissing herself was overwhelming. He rushed away trying to find privacy to deal with his massive hard-on. Laughter echoed throughout the spacious living room and hallway as he scrambled helplessly past the line for the bathroom and up the stairs.

Seeing Moana struggle so openly didn’t do anything to help Dianne. Her bladder was in constant pain, filled beyond the point of ignorability. She couldn’t remember the last time she needed to pee this badly. As the responsible one amongst her friends, she was always the one to remind others about timely bathroom breaks on road trips and bar outings. The thought of having a public accident terrified her, especially here with dozens of eyes on her. She willed herself not to cry as she fought off a powerful spasm from her bladder. The impulse to grab her crotch as Moana had was almost overwhelming- she just barely stopped herself from clutching herself.

Another glass of water, followed by another glass of wine, for each of the ladies had the room in an attentive silence. There was only a half-hour to go in the event, but it may as well have been an eternity. It was becoming obvious that the poor women were on the verge of losing control of their bladders and they weren’t making it to 9:00.

They were desperate beyond any capability of conversation- everyone had stopped trying to talk to them a while ago. Instead, everyone now watched and listened carefully- to their involuntary dancing and pacing, to their deep breathing accompanied by the occasional moan, to their clutching of their most intimate body parts. Several onlookers also looked uncomfortable, unwilling to visit the restroom at that moment, fearing they would miss a critical moment in this once-in-a-lifetime show.

At long last, Stephen returned to the living room. In an upstairs bathroom, he had tried to subdue his erection for nearly ten minutes, as visions of desperate Moana had relentlessly occupied his mind. Finally, he had decided to pleasure himself to conclusion, hoping that he could rejoin the group downstairs before the inevitable happened. Watching Moana now, he was glad he had granted himself the relief. Despite climaxing minutes earlier, he could feel a tingling sexual excitement. Without the orgasm, he would surely be just as erect as he had been earlier.

Despite maintaining an iron grip on her crotch, Moana felt herself squirt. She barely stemmed the flow, but one truth was clear. She was wetting her pants at Judge Robertson’s house. She started sobbing as she struggled to hold on. Her bladder pushed hard, urging her to urinate where she stood. There were so many people watching her and she was about to soak her jeans like a little girl. She glanced up in humiliation to notice Stephen was back.

“Stephen… please!” She gasped. He rushed over as she squirted again. There was no stopping the flood this time. She released her crotch and put her arms around him, her wet fingers staining the back of his dress shirt. Crying, in that embrace, she gave up fighting and let her full bladder empty forcefully into her light blue jeans. A giant wet stain spread from her crotch down to her feet and a massive pee puddle grew around the couple’s feet. Everyone else backed away to keep their socks dry as Moana sighed in relief.

Stephen was hard again but it was the least of his concerns as he breathlessly observed Moana’s epic pee accident. A beautiful girl was wetting herself in his arms- he was in heaven! As she finished peeing, Moana began crying again and collapsed into Stephen. He grabbed her and kept her from falling onto the wet floor. In a mix of relief, exhaustion, and humiliation, Moana lifted her head from his chest and kissed him. After a few more seconds together, they quickly made their way through the crowd, ignoring the curious stares and teasing comments about her wet pants and his boner. Stephen stopped briefly to take the padlock key from Martha as he led Moana to privacy.

Dianne was starting her last drink, a beer, and barely hanging on as Martha announced the winner of Moana’s grid, a local realtor named Shauna. She couldn’t help but notice that the three last spots on her grid had been purchased by Matthew and Francine. She absolutely didn’t want those ass wipes to win anything.

In the upstairs bathroom, Stephen had stripped off drunk Moana’s wet clothes and helped her into the bathtub. He tried to excuse himself so she could wash up in private but she had clung to his arm begging him to stay. She didn’t have to protest much, as staying involved watching her bathe her naked body as she drunkenly teased him.

With ten minutes to go, Dianne felt herself squirt. She danced around desperately as her hot liquid moistened her fingertips. No one could see her wet spot… yet. Shirley had thoughtfully added a straw to the drink so Dianne could continue to use both hands to help stay dry. She was taking intermittent sips which seemed flow straight to her engorged bladder. The desperate young woman was truly avoiding a long overdue accident through sheer will alone. There was way too much liquid inside her and it should have been peed out a long time ago.

Dianne’s bladder spasmed and she squirted again… hard. As pain sheared through her tortured body, she nearly gave up the battle. Noticing Francine’s smug face ten feet in front of her, she clutched her pussy tighter still, trying to keep her leaking pee in her hands. Thinking quickly, she took two steps forward into the edge of Moana’s puddle so her own drips wouldn’t be as obvious. Shirley, who was desperate in her own right having worked nearly three hours without a break, dutifully moved the beer glass forward for her.

There were five minutes to go now. Francine and Dianne had locked eyes a number of times over the past few minutes. The two strong-willed women were unquestionably in a match to the bitter end- Francine wishing for her adversary to fail in utter humiliation and Dianne pushing her body to its limits to deny that pretentious bitch the satisfaction of being right. Dianne sipped from the straw one final time- the final drink was now inside her. She just had to hang on for three more minutes- the longest three minutes of her 22-year life.

Dianne spurted again. Surely there was a wet spot on her butt now- she could not let it be seen. Dancing desperately, she backed closer to the bar counter. Shirley could see her wet butt, but everyone else was shielded, now that she no longer had to turn around to drink. As long as Dianne didn’t leak long enough for wetness to show beyond her hand-covered crotch area in the front, she would be fine. But that was a monumental ask in her desperate state. Wave after wave of desperation rippled through her body, each one seemingly stronger than the last. The temptation to surrender was nearly overwhelming.

Finally, only a minute remained. Dianne’s hips rocked back and forth as she valiantly hung on. There was clearly no way she would make it to the bathroom and get her jeans undone in time to avoid soiling them, but she could at least deny Francine the win by hanging on until 9:00. It was all worth it for that- the suffering, the shame, all of it. But it was not to be. She started peeing uncontrollably just as the seconds hand agonizingly approached the top of the clock. Dianne waited for a celebratory shriek from Francine or at least some acknowledgement from the crowd, but there was nothing. Instead, there was the sound of Martha clapping her hands declaring the event over.

Somehow, the first few seconds of Dianne’s accident had gone completely unnoticed! She continued peeing, releasing the grip on her pussy. The front of her jeans darkened rapidly as a huge waterfall flowed through them, onto the floor. Dianne closed her eyes and sighed blissfully as a monstrous amount of tension released from her tortured body. She was pissing herself in front of over fifty well-dressed people at a classy charity function, but she didn’t care. All that mattered in that moment was the sweet relief she felt as she soaked her pants. She shuddered as finished peeing and released an orgasmic moan. Gasping heavily, she bent over, hands on her knees. She had survived three hours of hell and publicly wet herself at the end of it all- she felt great.

Martha spoke up again. “Well, that would be the rather spectacular end to our evening. Since Dianne survived to 9:00 against all odds, she will be taking home the other round of golf for four! Thank you all for your donations- we have raised over $3,000! Until next time, good night!”

She strode over purposefully and handed Dianne the padlock key. Shirley quickly stepped out from the bar and accompanied her through the crowd and upstairs. Running into the washroom where Moana was towelling off, Shirley urgently lifted her skirt and lowered her panties before plopping on the toilet seat and peeing an audible stream. “Sorry,” she apologized with a shrug to Stephen, who was still with Moana. “When a girl’s gotta go, she’s gotta go.”

“It’s OK, I’ll go see if I can get some spare pants from the Judge.” He quickly exited the bathroom, leaving the three girls alone. It was the end of one crazy adventure, but the start of new friendships which would surely continue over a round of golf.

