Desperate Times at St. Catherine's College

Author: fullbladder

*000*2025-07-13 13:31

“Don’t act naughty or Madame will make you drink water before your final exam.”

“Be nice so Madame doesn’t alter your seating arrangements.”

The hushed warnings of her new classmates reverberated in Josephine’s head as she unwound from an exhausting first day at her new college. She thought back to how she had ended up St. Catherine’s College, exclusively for young women under the age of 25.

After doing well in high school and earning an entrance scholarship to a good state university, Josephine had gotten off track in her freshman year. There had been parties, skipped classes, even a good-for-nothing boyfriend who had cheated on her a few days after taking her virginity. Gossip tended to spread in family circles, especially when your elder cousin was completing her PhD at the same institution, and Josephine’s imminent expulsion quickly led to her wealthy, religious, and no-nonsense aunt in New Brunswick calling a favor to Sister Angela. Through Angela, Helen had donated tens of thousands of dollars over time to her alma mater.

Josephine stripped down to her bra and panties before admiring herself in the mirror. It had been two months since her first attempt at sexual intercourse and she honestly missed Chris’s manly touch. Despite being a complete douchebag, he had awakened the woman inside Josephine in their two months of dating. Growing up in a strict Catholic household, Josephine’s only intimate experience prior to college had been a drunken after-party kiss with her best friend’s prom date. Despite the fact that Josephine had been nearly passed out on the poolside chair when Bear had kissed her, Lisa had still jerked her off the chair and pushed her into the pool.

The sudden plunge into the cold water had resulted in Josephine inadvertently voiding her full bladder in her light blue prom dress. She paddled in the water laughing hysterically as she peed in Lisa’s parents’ (conveniently away on a business trip) pool. Josephine’s amusement only enraged her best friend further, but Lisa redirected her ire towards her boyfriend of two years.

After Josephine had finally climbed out of the pool, a couple of her friends had mentioned a weird smell. Not wanting anyone to figure out that she had wet herself, Josephine had helped herself to one of Lisa’s towels and Ubered her wet ass home. Luckily, her parents had assumed she would be spending the night at Lisa’s and had gone to sleep. She had been able to climb through her open bedroom window, change into dry pajamas, and sleep off her four drinks. In the morning, she told her mother that she and Lisa had gotten into a fight and she had Ubered home, a half-truth.

Admiring herself in the mirror, Josephine undid her bra and dropped it to the floor. Then, she lowered her panties and let them fall to her feet. She briefly ran her fingers through her pubic hair, lightly teasing her clitoris. She had forgotten to pack her razor; she made a mental note to buy one on her grocery run on Saturday. Josephine massaged her right breast with left hand. Her frame had filled out in the last year- a perk of gaining a few pounds in college was that her butt and boobs now garnered more attention from boys.

Realizing her door was unlocked and that Marie, her neighbor, had promised to grab her when the group went to dinner, Josephine abruptly stopped masturbating and wrapped herself in a towel. She stepped into her shower flip flops and exited her dorm room. As she approached the bathroom, she realized the fullness of her bladder- she hadn’t gone since morning. She briefly paused, then continued walking past the cubicle. A relieving pee and some self-love was a welcome addition to any hot shower.

*002*2025-07-14 04:29

After her long shower complete with a self-induced climax (she had bit her lip to stifle her moans), Josephine emerged from the washroom to find Marie waiting for her in the hall. Her playful lustful stare and “ooh, fresh meat” at the toweled Josephine eventually led to a chatty dinner with her new friends. They were excited to add a pretty, curvy 5’9 brunette to their group. However, they did warn her about the strict principal, Madame Dubois, again. She was told to follow the 3 P’s- to always come to classes punctual, presentable, and prepared. Also, it was a must to complete a fourth “P” regularly as well- to pee regularly. Madame had some interesting ways of punishing naughty students and quite a number of young ladies had learned hard lessons over the years.

Exhausted from her first day, Josephine made the mistake of lying down on her bed for a few minutes after dinner. She awoke hours later to the sound of girls talking in the hallway on their way to class. Rats! She had forgotten to set an alarm! Also, she had not completed ANY of her homework! It was her second day and she was already in hot water! She quickly threw on her plaid skirt and white blouse over her matching set of grey bra and panties, tucking things in as best as she could. She felt her bladder protest as she ran her hands through her long hair- there was no time for combing nor peeing. Luckily, her schoolbag was still packed from yesterday. She grabbed it and rushed out of the door, running down the stairs and out of the residential building.

Josephine got to the classroom only a minute late, as Sister Winnie was starting her lesson. She guiltily rushed to an empty desk in the second row and sat down, hoping she could discreetly get some homework done before her teacher came around to check. No such luck.

Madame Dubois bolted into the classroom the moment Josephine sat down. She pointed at her and commanded, “You, up!”

Josephine stood up and stepped away from her desk, terrified about what was coming next. Her legs trembled as she remembered she hadn’t peed since 5:00 the day before- in the communal shower.

Madame Dubois was a tall, older woman. With 40D breasts and a fit body, she still turned heads in her fifties. Today, she wore a lavender pant suit with a belt buckle the size of Texas.

“Young lady, I just saw you run past my office and bolt into this classroom late. What do you have to say for yourself?”

Josephine could only stutter in a panic. “S-sorry, I overslept.”

Madame Dubois got a look of disgust on her face. A new stupid troublemaker had enrolled in her college! No matter, she would sort out this naughty girl in no time.

“Angela, bring me the first-offense punishment kit.” In horror, Josephine realized that the vice principal, who was good friends with her aunt, was carrying a box over to her desk. Madame opened it, took out two 500 ml water bottles and instructed Josephine to drink quickly.

The class watched as Josephine downed both bottles within three minutes and then reseated herself at her desk, as instructed. Madame then removed a set of metal handcuffs from the box and asked Josephine to bind her left hand to her desk. Shaking with fear over what was happening, she obediently completed the task. Madame then removed the last item in the box, the key to the handcuffs, and handed it to Sister Winnie. “Outside of the building being on fire, she is not to be unlocked until the end of class. Understood?” The teacher nodded and Madame once again turned to Josephine.

“Ma’am, since this is your first offense, you will get a chance to learn from this light punishment. However, all future offenses will result in punishments during your final exams in December. You are already behind since you joined three weeks late, so more misbehavior could very well result in you failing the semester. Do you understand?”

Josephine nodded. “Please, Madam- if you just give me one chance…” Her bladder was protesting violently and there were still over 70 minutes to go before she would be unlocked!

“QUIET! Like I said, this is nothing- you’re going to see soon enough how bad things can get for naughty girls! Now, not another peep out of you or I’ll have Sister Angela bring you another two bottles of water!”

Josephine wisely shut her mouth and waited for the two older women to leave the classroom. Sister Winnie was younger and seemed less stern. As she taught, Josephine noticed her casting empathetic glances her way. Josephine also noticed the other girls looking her way- it was an amazing spectacle. Would the beautiful girl sitting near the front of the class make it to the end without soaking her skirt?

The liter of water was flowing through Josephine at an alarming rate. She had drunk so much on an empty stomach; it was only natural that her bladder would fill quickly. Halfway through class, she was dancing in her seat, grinding her legs together as she struggled to focus on the English lesson. The urge to grab her crotch was overwhelming, but she resisted, balling her hands into tight fists, not wanting to suffer the humiliation of touching her privates in front of her classmates. With her dire predicament growing in severity, soon she would have no option but to use the help of her fingers in maintaining bladder control.

Josephine watched in envy as a 19-year-old blonde, Sarah, asked to be excused for a bathroom break and leisurely exited the room with her hall pass. With each passing minute, her bladder filled just a little bit more, pushing her closer and closer to an embarrassing wetting accident at her desk. Her teary eyes were glued to the large clock at the front of the class. Nearly crying from the pain of holding in her urine, Josephine wished the seconds ticked by just a bit faster. How good would it feel to finally plant her butt on the toilet just down the hall and release over sixteen hours of pent-up pee!

To make matters worse, Sister Winnie decided to check homework with twenty minutes remaining in class. She slowly made her way down the aisles, checking off the student list. Even in her desperate state, Josephine couldn’t help but notice how attractive her teacher was. She was in her early 30’s and on the shorter side, 5’ 4. However, she still had a fit Filipino body with curves in the right places. Josephine couldn’t stop her mind from wandering as she struggled to retain her dignity. Had her pretty teacher ever been so desperate for a piss? Had she ever wet her panties?

Sister Winnie finally reached Josephine’s desk and looked down at the empty pages. Crying, her student silently shook her head no. Feeling deep empathy for the poor bound girl and not wanting the poor thing to suffer further punishment, she nodded. “Good, complete- thank you” and tried to move on to the next desk. Josephine desperately grabbed her arm with her free hand.

“Please, I really need to go!” Josephine pleaded, tears running down her cheeks. Sister Winnie shrugged helplessly. “Sorry, I really can’t do anything- rules are rules.” She pulled away from her student’s desperate grip and continued down the aisle. Josephine felt her hot pee push to the very edge of her urethra and she finally grabbed her pussy to prevent the imminent leak into her panties. Her bladder was so full now that she was certain any leak would mean a release of the entire flood. Could she somehow hold on for the last fifteen minutes?

The initial glances from classmates had now turned into outright stares. The beautiful young lady clutching her vagina was clearly on the verge of a huge accident. No one wanted to miss the show. Some of the girls were even eagerly hoping for it. Rhiannon, seated directly behind Josephine, had her fist pressing on her own crotch. She constantly tortured poor Josephine with “pssssss” whispers into her ear, as she subtly rubbed her clitoris in class. She couldn’t believe her lucky stars this morning- a front-row seat to the greatest show on earth!

With ten minutes to go, Josephine could no longer hold back the demands of her bladder. She squirted into her panties. With awkward shifting in her seat and a soft moan escaping her lips, she somehow held on. Sister Winnie looked over helplessly then at the clock. She knew Madame would be keeping an eye on the hallway and very likely also visiting near the end of class to ensure Josephine wasn’t released early. Madame never hesitated from punishing teachers, either.

Then, with just under five minutes left in class, it was all over. Josephine finally lost the battle. A second squirt escaped her and her weakened bladder muscles couldn’t hold in the huge volume of urine for a moment longer. A massive flood drenched Josephine’s skirt and splattered noisily off her seat onto the floor below. The poor student burst into tears and buried her face into her free arm in shame as her bladder voided itself into her clothes. She had just suffered the ultimate humiliation- she had peed herself in class. The aroma of her pee filled the classroom as girls eagerly jumped out of their desks to get a better look. The class was a zoo, with girls yelling, laughing, pointing, unable to believe their eyes. Rhiannon took advantage of the chaos to reach into her panties and properly rub herself to a long overdue climax. She gasped with pleasure as she made her own wet spot in her panties.

As expected, Madame Dubois walked into the classroom as Josephine suffered through her accident. She instructed Sister Winnie to unlock the handcuffs and directed Sister Angela to locate the janitor through the PA system. Moments later, speakers throughout the school crackled to life with Sister Angela’s voice. “Janitor, urgent clean-up of toilet accident needed in Room 122. Again, janitor- you are needed in Room 122.”

Madame and Sister Winnie quickly brought the class back to order, instructing the girls to pack up and get moving to their next classes. Despite being uncuffed, Josephine remained frozen at her desk, utterly humiliated. Her hot, wet skirt was cooling quickly. There was a huge puddle on the floor- it had spread to over half the desks in the class and the other girls had wisely moved everything off the floor. Unfortunately, Josephine’s own bag was soaked in pee- she had been way too focused on trying to stay dry to worry about that.

Finally, the other students had left class and the janitor had arrived with his cart. Madame pulled Josephine up from her desk and she was forced to endure a strange stare from the young janitor before he got to work on cleaning her huge puddle. Madame excused Josephine for the rest of the day, leaving her to make the numb walk back to her dorm in her wet skirt.

*004*2025-07-22 00:14

Luckily, the wet walk back to Josephine’s bedroom was quite uneventful. The other girls were in their second of four Friday classes, so she was saved from further humiliation. No matter what she tried, she could not get her mind off the cruel reality- she had wet herself in class on her second day at St. Catherine’s. The news would surely spread like wildfire and she would have to face her dormmates that afternoon.

Locking the door behind her, she positioned herself in front of the mirror prior to stripping off her wet skirt. It wasn’t so bad from the front- there was a small rectangular wet patch at the bottom of her skirt. However, her butt was absolutely drenched. She unzipped the skirt and inspected her soiled grey panties. She had made a huge wet spot covering almost her entire underwear. She lightly fingered herself through the wet fabric- it was strangely erotic seeing herself in soaked panties after having such a public accident in class.

She was a naughty girl who had been forced to drink water and handcuffed at her desk. Due to her tardiness and failure to take her morning pee, she hadn’t even been able to hold it to the end of class. She thought about the empathetic looks she had gotten from Sister Winnie. She thought about the curious glance from the young, handsome janitor. Her rubbing intensified and she climaxed a minute later. Moaning while still clutching her pussy, she took a step back to fall onto her bed. “Mmmm”, she moaned as she released the grip on her damp panties to bring her wet fingers up to her nose. She inhaled in the sweet aroma of her own pee and then licked her fingers. The intoxicating mix of her feminine juices and pee nearly pushed her into a second masturbation session.

However, she resisted and rose to her feet. She needed to pee again. She briefly considered just running to the toilet in her current state but decided it was too risky. The last thing she needed was one of the girls seeing her wet panties. She undid her blouse, making a mental note to do laundry after her shower. Maybe with the surprise free day, she could walk down to the grocery store to grab some food and a razor after getting laundry started. If she hurried, she would be done her errands before anyone got back to residence. Perhaps she could tell the girls she was skipping dinner and she could just eat some of the groceries in private. She quickly tied her towel over her underwear and grabbed a change of clothes before exiting her bedroom.

As Josephine opened the bathroom door, she was startled to see the cleaning lady mopping up. “Oh!” she exclaimed, dropping her clothes on the floor. Hurriedly, she bent over to pick her shorts and T-shirt off the tiled floor. Unfortunately, the sudden movement undid her towel, exposing her wet panties to the surprised Latina in her late twenties. Blushing beet red, Josephine mumbled an apology and covered her crotch with the towel. She rushed past the janitor, ignoring the “It’s ok, dear. Sometimes accidents happen.”

Her weakened bladder seemed to sense that she was near the toilet and began urgently voiding itself again into her panties. Josephine bolted into the nearest cubicle, unbothered with closing the door, and planted her wet butt on the seat. She sighed as she peed violently into her underwear, no longer concerned with the cleaning lady knowing she was wetting herself. She began sobbing softly as she finished peeing- why did her life suck so much?

“Are you okay, sweetie? Can I come in there?” Defeated, Josephine responded that she could. She watched as the attractive lady’s eyes followed the wet droplets on the floor up to Josephine sitting on the toilet in her wet panties. Her legs were spread apart, exposing her glistening crotch to the janitor.

Josephine gestured to her pussy. “Sorry, I just lost control…” The lady nodded understandingly, introducing herself as Carmella.

She hugged Josephine on the toilet. “It’s ok, we all have accidents sometimes.”

The intimate embrace only made Josephine’s sobbing intensify. A naughty girl like her didn’t deserve such kindness. “I-I’m sorry I p-peed on the- ” She gestured to the wet trail behind Carmella. The older lady shushed her and wiped away her tears. “Look dear- it doesn’t matter.”

Carmella backed away from the toilet with her legs spread apart and lifted up the skirt portion of her brown uniform, exposing her lacy white panties. As part of her own fun, she regularly drank water throughout her shift, avoiding peeing until she was cleaning the very last cubicle of the morning. Often she went right in her panties. If she was feeling especially naughty, she did it in the shower.

This was a first, though- peeing herself in the view of a college student. Carmella closed her eyes and relaxed her full bladder. With a relieved sigh, she urinated forcefully, producing a loud splatter on the floor below. Josephine watched in shock as the beautiful woman openly wet herself without a worry in the world. A fat stream flowed from between her legs, eventually slowing down into a series of hot bursts. At long last, her bladder was empty and she shuddered with pleasure before opening her eyes. She helped herself to some toilet paper and wiped her legs prior to letting her skirt drop back into place.

“Well, it looks like I have some mopping to do here.” She said, with a dazzling smile. “Why don’t you shower and I’ll get my work here wrapped up?”

In a shocked silence, Josephine nodded and made her way past the kind woman. Perhaps accidents were not such a big deal, after all.

*005*2025-07-24 05:28

As Josephine made her way back to the lecture hall on Saturday morning, she couldn’t help but cry. It seemed like she couldn’t catch a break anywhere. As planned, she had done her laundry and shopping after her shower, getting back into her room (after one final pee) before her dormmates returned. As expected, the news about her accident had spread throughout campus, but the reaction had been unexpected. The girls had pounded on Josephine’s door until she had opened up. What followed was an amazing exhibit of care, comfort, and empathy.

The young women had shared their hatred of Madame Dubois and detailed stories of their own accidents (and near accidents) due to her mean punishments. Feeling better, Josephine had ended up joining in the canteen, only to find a horrible email in her inbox when she returned from dinner. Madame Dubois was asking her to report to campus the following morning for further punishment!

Josephine made sure she set her alarm and peed before leaving the dorm this time. She couldn’t help but ponder how cruel Bitch Dubois was! Had she not been punished enough? She had a whole lot of school to catch up on with the missed day yesterday and now she was going to be humiliated some more? For what? Josephine’s insides boiled as she briskly walked to the Principal’s office.

Despite arriving ten minutes early, Madame Dubois was already there. And, she was accompanied by a very nervous Sister Winnie.

“Good! We are all here on time today.” Madame exclaimed with a cheeky glance at Josephine. “Let’s get started, shall we? Sister Winnie, would you like to start?”

Josephine looked at her Social Sciences teacher in confusion, hoping that an explanation was coming soon. Her initial anger at Madame Dubois had now changed to utter bewilderment. Sister Winnie looked over at Josephine then back at Madame Dubois. “Y-yes, sure. I do owe you both an apology. It seems that I have performed Josephine’s homework check incorrectly.”

The homework check! In the wild events of the day, Josephine had completely forgotten that her empathetic teacher had given her a pass on the homework! But how had Crazy Dubois found out?

Madame Dubois nodded. “Yes, Josephine, an honest classmate of yours- she will remain unnamed- made me aware of this scandalous act after I returned to my office following the… shall we say.. clean-up. During lunch hour, I pressed Sister Winnie on the matter and she admitted she had covered for you- your second infringement, actually.”

Sister Winnie had begun sobbing. Josephine’s stomach fluttered with butterflies. Madame waited for Josephine to respond, then continued when she didn’t.

“I will assume your lack of protest to mean confirmation of Sister Winnie’s admission. Since you both are culpable in this incident, it is only fair that the two of you are punished together. You both are to head to Sister Winnie’s classroom and change into the pants that are awaiting you there- you are permitted to only continue wearing your underwear. After that, you are to drink water at regular intervals until one of you wets her pants. The lady who remains dry will be permitted to use the restroom while the other is spanked. Is all of that clear?”

The terrified women nodded and the trio made their way down the hall. As promised, there were two pairs of beige pants, a large jug of water, and two tall glasses. Also, there was also the young male janitor, James, standing with his cart at the back of the class.

Madame Dubois gestured them towards the pants. Sister Winnie glanced at James and opened her mouth to protest, but immediately came to her senses. As instructed, the women stripped down to their bras and panties and tied tightly the drawstring on their beige cotton pants. Josephine couldn’t help sneaking a peek at her teacher’s tan panties as she changed. She was hoping that the elder lady would be the one having an accident that day.

James stepped forward and emptied the large jug into the two glasses. He then flipped a three-minute hourglass timer and placed it on the desk. The women would be consuming a glass of water every fifteen minutes. If the water wasn’t downed within three minutes, there would be the penalty of an extra glass.

Thankfully, Madame Dubois left the classroom, leaving James in charge. Even though he followed the rules for the sake of keeping his job, he was a friendly and engaging fellow. Josephine felt an attraction to him- he was probably only a couple years older than her. Then, she remembered that he had seen her piss her skirt yesterday and forced her mind into preventing the same embarrassment today.

Even with a male present, the ladies felt more comfortable speaking to each other with Madame Dubois gone. Fifteen minutes passed by quickly and James refilled their glasses again. Madame Dubois had instructed him not to let the girls out of sight, so, after drinking up, the three of them went down to the kitchen to refill the large jug. Josephine could already feel her bladder filling. Once again, she was drinking on an empty stomach. She wondered if her bladder had fully recovered from her two accidents the morning before. Despite being over ten years older, as well as shorter and smaller than Josephine, Sister Winnie could well have the advantage in this holding contest.

Sister Winnie was quietly telling Josephine and James about Madame Dubois’s terrible punishments over the years. Her quick, frequent glances at the classroom door broadcasted her fear of her superior as she spoke. “There was one poor girl, Betty, with learning disabilities who was failing every class. Madame made it a point to attend some of her classes at random and ask her questions every few minutes. Every time poor Betty answered wrong, Madame made her drink a bottle of water. She wasn’t allowed to leave class to pee, so she often wet herself. Madame hated her so much that she wouldn’t even let her leave for the day, just made her sit in class in her stinky wet clothes all day. Consider yourself lucky, Josephine.”

Josephine shifted her legs. It was almost time for glass #4 and Sister Winnie’s stories weren’t helping! She continued. “Of course, when Madame was in class, she saw the entire performance. Sometimes, she would make the entire class drink and deny all the girls any toilet break at all! If a particular student made her especially mad, usually Betty, she would even escort that poor girl straight to her next class and continue making her drink without a pee break. Poor old Bob- the janitor before you, James- he retired that summer. No one knows what happened to Betty- she just vanished, poor thing. I wouldn’t be surprised if she ended up in an asylum somewhere.”

Sister Winnie danced on the spot as James indicated it was time to drink again. The girls grew quieter as their desperation mounted. To his credit, James filled the silence with his own Madame Dubois horror stories since he had started working at St. Catherine’s two years ago. He shared in detail how Madame had been displeased with his work initially and had tied him in her office one Sunday morning.

“She made me drink water and fondled me for hours until I soaked my shorts. Then, she asked me to masturbate in front of her- she had her dress hiked all the way up and was touching herself too. After she peed all over her office, she told me to clean everything up. I thought about quitting but she did give me a $100 tip for my trouble and I made sure to do a better job from then on. I don’t really have many options for work.” He looked apologetic and ashamed.

The girls assured him that it wasn’t his fault and they understood he had to enforced the rules. They were both dancing desperately now. Standing next to James as he refilled the water jug was pure torture. Josephine thought about how amazing it would feel to just hop on the counter and pee into the sink. She could tell from Sister Winnie’s longing look at the sink that she was having the exact same thoughts.

Madame Dubois was waiting for them in the classroom when they returned. She all but smiled at the sight of the two desperate women trying to maintain control of their bladders. Over an hour had passed since they started drinking on empty stomachs- it wouldn’t be long before someone had an accident. She took the liberty of approaching Josephine and pressing on her bladder- it was rock hard. Josephine moaned and doubled over, fighting the urge to urinate in her clothes. Poking Sister Winnie produced the same outcome.

There was silence now, with the principal’s presence. Silence which she was more than happy to fill. “I hope you two ladies are learning your lessons. Bad behavior deserves its fair punishment.”

Josephine and Sister Winnie couldn’t really focus on Madame Dubois’s lecture. Their thoughts were predominantly occupied with a different matter- somehow keeping their panties dry. James was eyeing the clock closely, making sure Madame didn’t find a new reason to punish him. Josephine felt a lot more comfortable with him after hearing his humiliating story. It was oddly exciting to her- the handsome lad being tied up and touched until he lost control of his bladder. Oh, and seeing him stroke his rock hard cock after all that- what a treat that would be! Maybe one day she would also get to enjoy Madame’s dirty pleasures! A couple of times, she had noticed him looking at her breasts, encased only in a 36C red bra, and had considered it to be an encouraging sign!

The next drink was torture for the women. It felt like the additional water was flowing straight into their strained bladders. Josephine found herself feeling sympathetic towards Sister Winnie, who seemed to be in more trouble than she was. However, she was not about to willingly surrender this fight- not after hearing what Madame had done to Betty. No, the best course of action was definitely to win this contest and avoid any more trouble. Furthermore, Josephine had no interest in wetting her pants in front of James, especially if it meant that he would see her wet butt being spanked!

Josephine fought the urge to grab her crotch, but finally gave in a few seconds after Sister Winnie finally succumbed to the desire. The two ladies made eye contact often, gauging who may be the girl to wet her pants first. There was no conversation, just an intense focus on keeping their pants dry. Madame Dubois had stopped talking as well- the only sound in the classroom was of shuffling feet, labored breathing, and feminine moans. The two women were at their absolute limits- their bladders were filled beyond capacity, their dams about to burst at any moment. Through sheer will alone, the girls were denying their bodies’ intense need to void long-held waters.

Somehow, they survived to drink #6. It was clear neither woman was going to make it to the bottom of her glass this time. The only question was which one would pee herself first. While it had seemed as if Josephine was in better shape earlier in the contest, her weakened bladder had not endured things well since. Now, it was truly anyone’s guess who would win. Josephine realized that even if she held on longer than her teacher, getting to the bathroom was an entirely different ordeal. She was 100% going to wet herself the moment she saw a toilet, no ifs and buts about it- it would be exactly like her second accident yesterday. Still, Josephine sipped her water as the grains of sand seeped through the center of the hourglass. Neither woman was going to hit the three-minute goal, but when Madame Dubois is watching, a girl best make an honest effort.

Halfway through her drink, Sister Winnie was finished. She released a helpless shriek and managed a desperate hobble to the closed classroom door. Although no wetness was visible yet, it was obvious that she had just squirted into her panties. She reached out to touch the handle with one hand still jammed in her crotch- a meaningless gesture. A powerful waterfall flowed out from the attractive teacher’s pussy and engulfed her light pants in a dark, shimmering wetness.

Josephine gasped, almost succumbing to her own bladder. She was seconds away from a huge wetting accident and her teacher was blocking the only path to the toilet! She looked helplessly at James as she danced on the spot. “Help me!” She cried desperately.

James sprung into action, grabbing a mop bucket from his cart. He rushed towards Josephine as she felt the first hot spurt leak into her panties. She tried to tug down her pants to no avail. She urgently pushed her crotch in James’s direction. “Untie me- QUICK!”

Placing the bucket on the floor, James jumped from Josephine’s rear to her front and expertly worked his way through the maze of fingers, arms, and knotted drawstring to free the desperate student. With a powerful swoop, he pulled Josephine’s pants and underwear down to her knees as she lost control. Somehow keeping her balance, she crouched over the bucket and peed noisily into it. Filled with gratitude, her teary eyes locked with James’. He finally came to senses after a few seconds of viewing the incredible show and looked away to give the desperate lady a little privacy. Josephine uttered a silent prayer for the razor she had purchased and used the day before.

Madame Dubois had her own eyes locked on Sister Winnie, who had finally stopped peeing. Her pants were totally soaked, and she stood frozen in place, finally relieved after way too much water and waiting. Even in her post-accident bliss, Sister Winnie knew exactly what was going to happen next- it was best that she act woman enough to accept her fate. She briefly admired her huge puddle on the classroom floor then undid her drenched pants. She stepped out of them, exposing her soaked panties, and made her way to the teacher’s desk. She bent over it, waiting for Madame Dubois to spank her fit wet bottom.

Feeling naughty, Josephine removed her own pants too. She pulled up her damp red panties and snuggled up to James. He silently accepted the pretty lady’s offer and held her, as Madame Dubois raised her hand to deliver her first spank.

