Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 9

Author: Fuchsa9073

*209*2023-12-23 20:06

{{On 12/21/2023 at 9:51 PM, dizzy said:

Today when i had an accident my first thought was. oh i just had a hygiene violation!

}}

I am so happy to hear that!!!! .... of course I am curious if your hygiene violation led to consequences for either you or your mom?

I have been working on the next installment, I'd like to have it out within a week or so. Hopefully it will continue to entertain.

*213*2024-01-03 19:53

The drive home after Erica's hearing started with a few moments of awkward silence, finally Grace asked, "What is my punishment going to be? I know it's supposed to be worse than the last one, what is going to be added?"

"I've been thinking about that all afternoon," answered her mother. "The punishments got progressively worse as a way to appease the Conduct Committee in an effort to minimize my sanctions; since there will be no further sanctions past what has been assigned today, I am not sure a severe punishment will be necessary. I understand that your last several wettings have only been because you were on toilet restriction, I think it is appropriate to reduce the severity of your punishments. I am going to let you propose what you believe to be the most appropriate punishment."

Grace thought for several minutes before suggesting her consequences. "I really appreciate being allowed to recommend a less severe punishment, but there are a couple of things I can't get past. I feel really bad that Maria, Jenny, and Adam are all facing very public punishments. I've known for a few weeks now that every time I pee myself the punishment is supposed to be worse than the last, so now that I'm due for my sixth punishment I can't in good conscience suggest anything less than what Aunt Julie gave you for your sixth punishment. The only change I would like is who my witnesses are; instead of my cousins I think there are some people from school that would be more appropriate. If it's okay with you I will text them and have them come to the house."

"I'm proud of you for being willing to take the more severe consequences," replied Erica. "If you feel there are more appropriate witnesses, go ahead and invite them."

Grace hurriedly sent an invite to the people she felt were her best witnesses. By the time they arrived at home they were waiting on the front steps. Erica recognized the numerous students whose diapers she had changed while she had been performing her community service. Jane Diamond, Toby Garrow, Shelley Yardley, Kimberly Fowler, Amy Hiles, Hillary Downer, Kara Symon, Madison Jeffers, Addison Kamps and Timothy Waller had all agreed to witness Grace's punishment.

Grace took her place in the middle of the living room as her peers took seats around the room. Erica placed some towels on the floor before directing Grace to bend over. "Grace will receive 25 swats of the belt over her wet jeans prior to receiving an additional 25 on her bare bottom," she told the assembled witnesses.

SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT...

The damp jeans clinging to Grace's legs darkened as she re-wet her pants, within seconds the towels at her feet were soaking up urine that trickled from the bottom of her pants. Even though they had all already seen her be spanked in her wet pants once today, Grace was still embarrassed to know they were watching her pee in her pants during a spanking.

SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT… SWAT!

When the initial belting was over Erica began the process of stripping her daughter. Timothy and Toby both squirmed a little as Grace's shirt and bra were removed leaving her bare chest on display. Her wet denim clung to her legs before it was peeled down revealing her saturated panties. The removal of her underwear revealed the most intimate part of her anatomy. As her body was fully displayed to her peers Grace wished it was Tony witnessing her nudity instead of 10 classmates.

The gathering of hygiene violators had varying reactions to the urine soaked panties being placed on Grace's face. Jane and Shelly each gave an audible gasp. Kimberly and Hillary had amused smirks. Amy, Kara and Addison all gagged a little. Timothy, Madison and Toby were all too focused on Grace's exposed pussy to fully realize that her face had been covered with pissy underwear.

SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT... SWAT… SWAT!

"Grace will now stand here on display. I encourage you to stay for the full 2 hours of her punishment" said Erica.

Her peers began to chat amongst themselves as they watched Grace endure her time on display.

"Did anybody else get their underwear put on their face?" asked Addison. "I think that was the worst part of my punishment from my mom."

"Yeah, my mom did that to me too," replied Shelley. "It was super humiliating. My brother called me 'pissy face' for the next few months."

"Uh, didn't you shit yourself Addison?" asked Jane. "Your mom really made you have shitty pants on your face? Ugh!"

"It was horrible," answered Addison. "Poopy panties on your face is about the most disgusting punishment imaginable. I begged her to just spank me, but she insisted. A couple of years earlier my older sister peed her pants in the car, I giggled with delight when my mom made her wear the wet panties on her face for the rest of the ride home after she had been spanked in a parking lot; my mom reminded me of that as I gagged through my poopy underwear."

"I wonder how things are going at Adam's house tonight? I heard his mom pooped her pants during the PTA hearing" said Hillary. "Do you think she'll punish him as severely as yesterday, or will she be a little more lenient now that she's experienced her own accident?"

Kara clicked around on her phone for a moment, "The live stream is up, Adam's face is planted against a pair of boxer shorts pinned to his door and his ass has the same red marks that Grace has. It appears his mom isn't going to let up."

As much as Grace hated having witnesses to her punishment she found some comfort in knowing her mom had no intention of putting her punishments on the internet like Adam and Jenny or out in the front yard like Maria. Grace cracked a small smile as she thought about how absurd it was that she was grateful for being naked in front of 10 of her peers with urine soaked underwear over her face!

"Grace," said Jane, "while we're here we should give you some advice so you're not unprepared. Don't worry about peeing in the diaper; it feels like everyone is watching you, but in reality no one pays attention. If you have to pee, just let it out. Wiggling and squirming as you try to hold your bladder draws way more attention than just wetting the diaper."

Hillary added, "If you need to poop you may want to do that in a crowded hallway instead of a classroom. The sound of pooping might be a little obvious in a quiet classroom. The smell probably won't be attributed to you if you are walking through a crowd; the crowd isn't likely to know who's responsible for the stink, they'll just think someone farted. If I have to poop I try to do it right before our diapers get changed so I'm not sitting in the sticky mess for too long, that also helps mitigate the issue of people smelling it."

Grace wanted to give a proper reply but instead she just nodded. She felt it was better to be rude than risk tasting the stale urine that was still soaked into the panties covering her face.

"It'll be okay, Grace," said Jane. "It's been embarrassing since the whole school found out we have diapers, but we actually haven't been teased very much. In fact, not at all since Adam and Michelle got put on restriction for teasing the wrong boy."

"Th… th… thanks" stuttered Grace, as she tried to keep the drenched cotton away from her mouth.

Eventually Grace's time was up, as her wet panties were removed from her face her friends got up to leave. "We'll see you tomorrow," said Kara. Hillary gave Grace a reassuring pat on her shoulder. Jane gave Grace a hug as she said, "Thank you for trusting us enough to be here for this. We'll support you as best we can at school tomorrow. The first day will be weird, but it really isn't that bad."

Grace collected her wet clothes from the floor and carried them to the laundry room, then headed to the shower. As she stepped into the warm water she was grateful her new friends would help her adjust to the next phase of her public shaming.

***********************************

Erica walked to the custodian's closet, she felt a mixture of familiarity and apprehension as she grabbed her cleaning cart to begin her day of community service. It had only been a week since she had completed serving her prior sanctions but now she was back for more. Erica smiled as she was instructed to begin her day by scrubbing the toilets in the nurse's office; she liked the nurse and enjoyed chatting with her as Erica scrubbed toilets.

"We all knew it was likely to happen," said the nurse, "but I was still disappointed when Grace was brought to me yesterday. She seemed to be doing okay when she came to me this morning for her first diaper, I think she'll get through this better than most."

"She's a strong one," agreed Erica. "Overall she'll be fine but I am a little concerned how she'll react to the first time having to use her diaper."

"They are all pretty embarrassed the first few times they come in for a change but it gets easier after a week or so" replied the nurse. "They've all done well when you or Bethany changed them; you two were both pretty understanding. It's been a little rougher since Heather Blanc took over diaper changing, she generally scolds them during it; most days 2 or 3 of them leave here in tears. Today will be Cassidy Bowman's first day on diaper detail, hopefully she'll be more understanding than Heather, but I doubt it."

The toilets in the nurse's office were quickly cleaned and Erica moved on to the second floor girls room. She had completed two stalls when the passing time bell rang; she tucked herself in the corner with her cleaning cart to stay out of the way of the students coming and going and listened to the gossip. "He did it again, it's his third strike."

"He has a cute butt, I don't mind looking at him bending over waiting for his paddling."

"Another one in diapers, can you believe it!"

"Did you see her waddling? Grace certainly isn't doing a good job hiding that she has a diaper."

"Do you think Adam will be the only one at the assembly? I heard Carrie Holcomb had to rush out of science class, do you think she'll be on the stage with Adam?"

Soon the passing time ended and Erica was left alone to continue her monotonous scrubbing. Within 30 minutes the nurse brought Erica to the auditorium where the students were assembled. Erica could see that Adam was the only student waiting to be disciplined, she felt relief for Carrie Holcomb, and Carrie's mom. Erica took her place at the back of the auditorium along with Heather Blanc, Cassidy Bowman, Bethany Vargas, and Sophie Larkin. As the prior hygiene violators were called up on stage by the principal, Erica found herself watching as her daughter waddled into position next to the other violators. The gossip she had overheard in the bathroom was correct, Grace really was struggling to conceal that she was wearing a diaper.

As the principal made an example of Adam, Erica focused most of her attention on Cassidy Bowman. Her face showed no empathy for the pain or embarrassment that her son was experiencing. Cassidy just scowled and shook her head, clearly upset by his defiance of the hygiene policy. A glance at Sophie Larkin revealed a smirk as her best friend's son had his wet butt paddled. Erica wondered what reaction Sophie would show if Michelle Larkin ended up on that stage during her toilet restriction. Erica also pondered what reactions their children will have on Saturday as Cassidy and Sophie are each publicly paddled by the PTA.

Soon the assembly was dismissed and Erica returned to finish the second floor girls bathroom. She only had one stall to go when the bell rang to indicate another passing time, she took her position in the corner ready to listen again. "I don't feel bad for him, he shouldn't have been a bully; I hope Michelle wets herself, she's a bully too."

"I still can't believe they make all the others stand there, there's so many of them!"

"I'm surprised Maria hasn't been put in diapers yet. Have you seen her at the end of the day, she has to go so bad she can barely walk."

Within a few minutes the girl's room emptied and the bell rang to signal the beginning of the next class period. Erica finished up the girl's restroom and pushed her cart toward the closest boy's restroom. As she walked through the empty hall she felt a familiar twinge in her bladder. A glance at her watch showed it was not even 2pm, Erica gave a long sigh; with over 5 hours before the PTA Conduct Committee meeting, she knew her Local Amendment 26 inspection would not go well.

*221*2024-03-05 08:37

Erica looked at her watch for the 10th time in less than 3 minutes, still only 5:30! She gave a big sigh as she squeezed her thighs together. Erica was certain her friends would once again be treated to the spectacle of her humiliation at the hands of her sister. The best she could hope for at this point was that Julie wouldn't come up with any additional enhancements to the punishment Erica was about to earn. Erica swirled her mop in the bucket, the sloshing water teasing her full bladder.

A twinge of pain caused Erica to grimace. She shoved her left hand into the crotch of her jeans, the added help from her fingers gave Erica's panties a short reprieve from the flood of urine threatening to explode from her body.

The door to the men's room creaked as Erica returned her mop to the bucket. Mr Swanson, the teacher who had written up Grace for her first accident at school, smiled at Erica as he approached the first urinal. “Ms Campbell, I'm happy to see you are dry.”

“I won't be much longer”, whimpered Erica as she squirmed near her cleaning cart. The sound of splashing urine was nearly too much for the desperate mother. Erica stamped her right foot as her leg trembled, she recognized the signs of an impending loss of bladder control. She prayed Mr Swanson would hurry so she didn't have to wet herself in front of him.

Erica potty danced as the teacher zipped up his trousers. To her dismay he was a hygienic man who walked to the sink to wash his hands before leaving. As Mr Swanson turned on the faucet Erica could handle no more. She felt the warmth in her pants before realizing the pain between her legs was subsiding. “Damn it!” she muttered.

Mr Swanson looked up from the sink when he heard Erica curse. The 42 year old mother closed her eyes so she wouldn't have to look her daughter's algebra teacher in the eyes as she pissed her pants. The familiar warmth spread down her thighs, crept up her buttocks, and curved around her calves before the distinct dripping sound onto the tile floor signaled the complete saturation of her jeans.

Even though it was not her first time wetting in front of a witness, Erica still felt an intense shame as she opened her eyes. Mr Swanson smirked and gave a small chuckle, “At least I don't have to write up a discipline referral like I did for Grace; the PTA Conduct Committee will deal with you without me having to fill out extra paperwork.” The door closed behind Mr Swanson, Erica heard him talking to himself as he walked away, “Now I see where Grace learned that despicable behavior.”

******************************

When the PTA meeting started Erica noticed Casidy Bowman was not squirming as she had the day before; the dark stains down the legs of Cassidy's leggings gave an immediate explanation for her improved composure. A slight sniff also revealed that none of the women were likely to have brown stains in their underwear during the Local Amendment 26 inspection.

The hearing docket was short. Melissa Palmer was sanctioned 2 hours of service to the school and 6 swats after her son David was caught for a second offense of swearing at school. Then Cassidy Bowman was called forward to answer for Adam's third hygiene violation.

The Committee Chair looked at Cassidy, “What actions did you take last night to address the issue of your son's choice to void his bladder in his pants, again?”

“Same as the night before,” answered Cassidy. “I punished him again.”

“And what about yourself?” inquired the Committee Chair. “What example did you set after wetting and soiling yourself during yesterday's hearing?”

Cassidy appeared flustered, “Um, there… there…there's nothing. I mean, my accident was only because I'm not allowed while serving my sanctions.”

The Committee Chair glared at Cassidy, “Didn't we talk yesterday about that being no different than your son wetting himself at school while on restriction during his punishment?”

Cassidy shrugged, “He didn't even try, he just pissed his pants on purpose. I at least tried!”

A roll of the eyes and a shake of the head was the only response from the Committee Chair. In short order the Conduct Committee ordered Cassidy Bowman to the standard sanctions for the mother of a 3 time hygiene offender: 100 swats and 100 hours of service to the school, all of which included no restroom access during her sanctions. Cassidy moped as she took her place next to the other moms to await her official inspection for Local Amendment 26.

Bethany Vargas was called forward and took her position in front of Mrs Lind, her wet pants prominently on display. Maria's mother was quickly spanked and returned to the side of the stage. Erica was next and met with the same fate. Bethany and Erica were quite familiar with the humiliating process and neither found It necessary to cry anymore; Cassidy Bowman however cried like a baby.

Heather Blanc had finished her service hours the previous day, but Erica found Sophie Larkin to be equally bothersome; Erica was pleased to see Sophie struggle with her emotions as she was called forward and told to place her hands on her head and spread her legs to be inspected.

“The external visual inspection shows no staining, there is a very slight odor of urine,” announced Mrs Lind. After putting her hand on Sophie's butt and between her legs Mrs Lind shared, “She has dampness between her thighs, there is no mass over her buttocks.” Tears streamed down Sophie's face as Mrs Lind pulled down Sophie's pants to reveal pink underwear with a dark stain in the gusset. “Her underwear has visible urine staining.”

“For failure to maintain your cleanliness during your sanction you will receive 10 swats,” decreed the chair of the committee. Erica nodded approvingly as Mrs Lind made Sophie bend over.

Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack…. Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack…Thwack

The look of shame from Sophie's face allowed Erica a sense of peace as she prepared to go home and face Julie.

*********************

The cars in Erica's driveway signaled that her friends had once again been summoned by Julie so they could bear witness to the upcoming punishment. When she entered the living room to take up her punishment stance, her friends and their husbands all watched with expressions of amusement and excitement. At first Erica felt betrayed that her friends took enjoyment in her plight, but she quickly remembered how much she enjoyed watching and gossiping as other women had been sanctioned at the start of the Maternal Responsibility Act, and she understood that she would have been just as excited if the shoe was on the other foot.

Erica stood with her hands on her head as Julie lectured about her poor bladder control and the inappropriate example she was setting for Grace. As Julie ranted, Erica heard her daughter quietly whisper, “I'm sorry mom.”

As Julie explained the upcoming punishment to the assembled witnesses, Erica heard how Julie intended to increase her punishment. “Tonight's punishment will start with 40 swats over your wet jeans. I will administer the first 10, then Katie, Martha, and Amy will each administer 10. The first 40 will be with our hands. When it comes time to strip off your pants the belt will be used to give you 30 more on your bare butt.”

Erica bent forward, soon she felt the light touch of her sister's hand resting on her damp bottom. The light touch was quickly replaced by the sting of being spanked. Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap!

Katie took her turn next, she gave Erica's butt a short squeeze before she began, “Oh, that's firmer than it looks. No wonder the single dads go to PTA meetings when you're listed for paddling!” Katie's comment may have been playful, but her hand was all business. Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap!

Martha stepped behind her friend and placed her hand on the damp denim. “I know it's unpleasant to be spanked for wetting yourself, but you are doing the right thing by letting Grace see this.” Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap!

Amy was much more timid than her friends as she approached Erica's backside. Amy said nothing as she reluctantly gave the short spanking. Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap… Slap!

With the hand spankings finished Erica mentally prepared herself for the more severe portion of her punishment. She knew the hand spanking was more about embarrassment than pain; she was also aware that next time, Julie was likely to have her friend's husbands putting their hands on her butt to give the spanks. As embarrassing as it had been getting spanked by her friends, it paled in comparison to the intense shame she once again felt as her wet panties were placed on her face. Smelling her own accident was by far the worst part of her punishment, she'd gladly take triple the belting to avoid the disgusting reminder of her lack of control.

Soon her bare bottom was feeling the sharp sting of the belt being wielded by her sister. Thwack … Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Hissssss

“Oh my!” exclaimed Martha. “It's happening again.”

As the last of her urine dripped onto the towel at her feet Erica tried not to whimper; the sobs made her inhale sharply and she hated the smell of her panties.

Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack… Thwack…Thwack!

As her friends chatted for the next 2 hours, Erica contemplated the next couple weeks of her life. She had 9 more days of community service, plus 2 upcoming Saturday corporal punishment sessions. Erica knew her bladder control history during her Maternal Responsibility Act sanctions was poor, she was likely to find herself in this position many more times.

