The City Without a Ladies Room - Page 5

Author: FullBladder85

*087*2019-04-30 00:21

Thanks for all the support guys, I really appreciate it.

{{6 hours ago, huberp76 said:

If i had the chance, i would Erin thank for this nice and fantastic evening and invite her to a bar for a glas champagne. Not just to thank her, more to make her wait for one or two hours more, to test how much her poor bladder can endure.

My favorite would be, to take her home for a glas of champagne, no pee for Erin before i take her to my bed to f..... her.

I don´t know your rules, would she be allowed to pee after sex, or is she only allowed to use her own loo and is forced to hold it until she is at home?

}}

Thanks, glad you enjoyed it, and loved your short little fantasy story about my last chapter. I take it that besides Erin's desperation you enjoyed the desperate Waitress's plight the most then?

As to your question about the rules, I tried to hint at it some with Erin's answers to Jeff's questions, but there's two types of 'rules' in the city.

Laws that women have to follow (i.e. no peeing in public) Social Expectations that women will be heavily frowned upon for breaking (i.e. taking a detour home for a badly needed pee after work, when the others in your group would rather go to dinner or elsewhere)

So Erin is expected to use only her own toilet, but she could use Jeff's toilet if she's willing to use it. But even if Jeff gives her permission to use his toilet she might hesitate to out of fear of social repercussions (i.e. Jeff and others will think she's behaving inappropriately), because that's not what a 'proper lady' should do.

*092*2020-01-26 17:15

After many too long delays, I finally have the finale of this story. Also thanks @watchinghold and @Peter-P for your posts/short stories in this thread, I really enjoyed reading them.

=====

Part 4: Not Giving a Lady Permission to Pee

As we waited to cross the street Erin bobbed up and down anxiously. Her reservoir of hot pee had been brewing uncomfortably in her visibly bulging bladder for most of the day. Yet it had been me, and not Erin, who got to use the toilet before we left the diner. Despite her urgent need for a long overdue afterwork piss, Erin had politely waited for several minutes while I used the men's room, all without a word of complaint. But what choice did Erin really have but to keep her throbbing little pee hole firmly clamped shut and wait?

The city forbade her from ever peeing in public, even if it was an emergency, and Erin had made clear her support for the city's strict anti-female-public urination laws. So like a model female citizen Erin had dutifully held it in all day, even as she drank coffee like an addict, filling her bloated bladder to the brim. She had even endured listening to several guys pee freely in front of her at the public urinals, while she had to keep holding it in for hours. And now the chilly evening air was no doubt cruelly working it's magic on Erin's very unrelieved bulging bladder. Her fists were openly shoved into her desperately throbbing pussy as we waited for the traffic to pass.

But of course the evil part of me still didn't want to let Erin go home and pee quite yet. I was enjoying her 12 toilet-less hours far too much. Erin was so accustomed to being denied a chance to pee all day at work that she hadn't even complained once about her filling bladder. Yet she had still fiercely defended the city's lack of any ladies rooms when I brought it up earlier. It made me wonder if Erin was secretly enjoying her own daily desperate plight to. Maybe that was part of why she didn't seem to mind holding it from the early morning to evening.

Unfortunately it was too late in the evening for me to suggest we go out somewhere else like to the movies or a bar. We both had work tomorrow morning. So instead I asked Erin if she wanted to come back to my apartment and have a pint of beer or two with me. Erin smiled and nodded in agreement; she didn't even mention the possibility of her maybe swinging by her apartment so she could pee first.

Erin fidgeted around in anxious anticipation as I unlocked my front door. She looked as if she was hoping to dash straight to my toilet as fast as her high heels would let her. The evil part of me would have loved to prevent that by telling Erin she wasn't allowed to use my toilet for some contrived reason. I had little doubt Erin would dutifully hold it for me if I asked her not to use my toilet. The thought of making Erin continue to hold it another hour or more at my place even though my toilet was right there nearly gave me a raging hard-on.

But then again, perhaps there was a good chance Erin might choose to hold her pee in for a while longer despite the availability of my toilet. I didn't know all the rules of this city. But I did know Erin had previously seemed rather disgusted at the thought of sharing a public toilet with a bunch of other women. Perhaps that met Erin wouldn't even consider using my toilet under any circumstances, even if it was an emergency. Or perhaps it was against the rules for her to use my toilet I wondered as I opened the door.

My bathroom was right across from the front door, so Erin couldn't miss it when we came in. She glanced longingly at my toilet through the open door, as if sorely tempted to go use it. But she politely remained rooted to the spot, crossing her legs and shifting around in obvious discomfort as she glanced at me expectantly. Perhaps Erin was hoping I would invite her to use my toilet, if so she was going to be sorely disappointed.

"Have a seat while I fetch us some beer" I told Erin, pointing to a seat facing the open bathroom door. Erin nodded obediently and moved to sit down, all while still anxiously glancing in the direction of my toilet. Even though she had been dying to pee for hours now, it seemed Erin was too timid to simply ask to use my toilet. Or perhaps it was considered inappropriate for a lady to even ask to use someone else's toilet, let alone use it without their permission.

I returned with two pint-sized cans of beer (473 ml). I made sure to feign a look of confusion as I handed one to Erin. "I thought you were going to hurry straight to my toilet to take a badly needed pee as soon as I let you in? Don't you want to go pee before drinking a pint or two of beer?" I inquired carefully. I made sure to avoid implying I was knowingly granting her permission to use my toilet.

"…I didn't want to be rude Jeff, or take advantage of you being new to the city. You never said I could use your toilet, so I figured it would be better if I just held it" Erin answered, as she bit her lips nervously. "It's well within your rights to refuse to let me use your toilet, for any reason. If you refuse to give me permission I'm not allowed to pee at your place" she stated matter-of-factly, as she squirmed around in her seat in desperation.

"Would you like my permission to go pee then?" I asked, making sure to not actually give her permission in the process. Erin smiled nervously.

"…I don't know, I can hold it if you want me to Jeff" she replied uncertainly as she fidgeted around uncomfortably in her seat. She obviously wasn't used to someone bothering to ask if she'd like to use their toilet. "I've needed to pee really frigging bad since we entered Cascade's diner though, so it would be nice to pee" she admitted anxiously as she eyed my toilet.

"I take it guys don't normally let you pee when they invite you over then?" I asked. Erin nodded in agreement.

"Most guys in the city prefer us girls treat their toilets like just another men's urinal we aren't allowed to use. Some guys don't even let their girlfriend use their toilet, even when she stays the night. But I usually prefer to just hold it anyway. I hate the thought of sitting on someone else's potentially dirty toilet seat, I'm really germophobic" she explained. I grinned inwardly at Erin's confession. The city's rules, and Erin's aversion to using any 'foreign' toilets, were going to make it easy for me to keep her from peeing for a very long time.

"Well, if you'd prefer to hold it for several more hours, I don't see why I should let you pee then, even if you were about to drink a few pints of beer" I replied. Erin grimaced, her throbbing bladder clearly not liking the thought of needing to hold on for a few more hours while she drank a few beers. She bent forward and jammed both hands into her crotch. Her pants were painfully digging into her swollen bladder bulge, adding to the enormous strain already on her exhausted little pee hole.

"…I was kind of hoping you'd at least consider letting me pee though. I've been holding it in since 7 AM, and I've had a lot to drink today, so I'm absolutely bursting for a piss right about now. …But I'll understand if you'd rather I hold it a while longer". She paused, grinding her thighs together frantically in her seat, as she struggled to keep her liters of boiling hot pee from erupting like a volcano through her exhausted little pee hole. "Are you going to let me pee then or not?" she asked matter-of-factly.

I shook my head. "I know you really need to pee bad, but I think you can hold it" I replied. Erin nodded meekly in acceptance, as if she had expected my refusal. "I hope you don't mind me making you wait; I know it's been many hours since you've last been able to pee".

"It's alright Jeff, if you want me to hold it you don't have to let me use your toilet. My friends would have also expected me to hold it for them" she assured me unemotionally, as if she hadn't really cared if she got to pee or not. She clenched her thighs together, and scissored her legs back and forth frantically in her seat. Yet she still took a long sip from her pint of beer, despite knowing she wouldn't be able to pee for a while now, I almost got a raging hard-on right there!

A few hours later, I still couldn't believe how easy it had been to get Erin to agree to hold it for me, even though my toilet was right in front of her. It would have been easy for Erin to ignore my refusal, plop herself on my toilet seat, and taken a nice long badly overdue pee. But like a proper lady she behaved herself, and held it like I asked her to, all while she drank her beer. She hadn't even asked me to reconsider when I said no, she had just simply accepted that she wasn't allowed to pee.

The two of us both ended up draining two pints of beer each (946 ml total) at a leisurely pace over the next two hours. It was just after 9 PM now, which met Erin had so far lasted through 14 toilet-less hours of bladder endurance. The exhausted muscles in her womanhood must have been really straining to continue to hold back her massive flood of boiling hot piss by now. She sat on the edge of her seat, absolutely bursting for the toilet as she frantically twisted her legs into desperate knots. My open bathroom door was still right across from Erin's seat, the white porcelain throne inside just waiting for her to sit on it and open her exhausted floodgates. Erin glanced longingly at its offered relief for the hundredth time that hour, as if she were seriously thinking about using it.

Except of course I had cruelly told Erin that she wasn't allowed to use my toilet. For all she knew I would have allowed her to pee, if only she hadn't told me I could refuse to let her use my toilet if I wanted to. If only she hadn't told me that guys generally expected the ladies they invited over to hold it. If only she had been able to swing by her place first, to take a quick pee break in her own bathroom. From Erin's perspective my bathroom might as well have had only a urinal in it, since there was no way I was letting her pee, and she probably knew that. Actually… now that I thought about it, I did need to take another piss myself… which gave my evil side a cruel idea that I had to act on.

"Well, I really need to go drain the main vein again after those last couple of beers" I announced as I stood up. For a split second I saw what looked like real worry in Erin's eyes, as her swollen bladder no doubt fiercely protested at the thought of me using the toilet yet again, while she was still stuck holding it. I had probably peed at least 5 times already since Erin's last trip to the toilet 14 long hours ago. The city could be so unfair to the bladder's of well-behaved ladies like Erin. Erin bit her lips nervously, and shoved her fists into her crotch as she writhed around anxiously in her seat. "You won't mind if I go take a piss, will you Erin?" I asked her politely. Part of me hoped she finally complained about how bad she already needed to pee.

Instead Erin merely shook her head. "No, you can pee whenever you want in your own home Jeff, even if you're still not going to let me pee" she replied matter-of-factly. There was no hint of jealousy, or resentment in her tone, even though I could have let her pee almost two hours ago.

"Good, and yes, I'd prefer if you could hold it a while longer". Erin nodded meekly in acknowledgement as she grinded her crossed legs together anxiously, and kept her hands jammed deep into her crotch. "I hope you don't mind how I've already asked you to hold it for the last 2 hours. I know you've been waiting to take a badly needed pee break for a really long time now" I added. Erin shook her head indifferently.

"Don't feel bad Jeff, it's your right to refuse to let me pee at your place. It doesn't matter if I'm absolutely bursting, or if I've been holding it for over 24 hours, I'm still expected to be a lady and wait" she answered indifferently. "Besides, I've seen thousands of cocks peeing in the public urinals over the years, when I hadn't been allowed to pee in least 12 hours. And at least a half dozen cocks from people I once dated peeing in their own toilets, while I was really desperate, but still wasn't allowed to pee at least until tomorrow morning. I'm used to it all" she assured me in the same matter-of-fact tone, as she continued to squirm around in her seat like a hot piss filled mess.

"Well, if you don't mind seeing guys pee in front of you, then I don't really care if you watch or not" I said as I stepped into the bathroom. Without even bothering to close the door, I whipped my cock out, walked up to the toilet, and started peeing. Because of the layout of my bathroom, and because Erin was sitting right outside it, she had a perfect sideview of my pissing cock.

I half expected Erin to look away, both for modesty's sake, and her bladder's sake. But she didn't. In my peripheral vision I saw her nakedly staring at my pissing cock, a look of excitement on her face. Despite all 14 desperate, toilet-less hours she had already endured, Erin was clearly enjoying this just as much as me! She knew she wasn't allowed to share in my relief, but Erin didn't seem to care. She just smiled eagerly as she watched me piss, even as she writhed around frantically in utter desperation. My cock stiffened significantly at Erin's enjoyment of all this despite her utterly desperate need to pee, which only seemed to make her smile bigger. Unfortunately my erection also made it a lot harder for me to finish peeing. My aim became more erratic from my partial erection, and my stream slowed down significantly, but Erin certainly didn't seem to mind.

When I finished I tucked my cock back in, washed my hands quickly, and turned around to see Erin blushing furiously, excitement still on her face. "That… was really hot Jeff. I see a lot of pissing cocks in public when I… pretend to politely look away, but I don't normally get such a great view" she confessed lustfully.

"And I think it's really hot how you still haven't been able to pee yet for the last 14 hours" I confessed.

"Good, because it's really enjoyable for me to. It makes me so frigging horny when I'm just absolutely bursting to piss like I am now" she told me excitedly as she scissored her legs back and forth frantically. "A lot of times I only get to pee twice a day, because my friends never let me use their toilet. And I'm too germophobic to even touch most people's toilets in the first place. I'll pee if I get a chance to use a clean toilet without breaking the rules, since those opportunities are so rare for us ladies in this city. But if I can't pee I don't mind holding it all day till I get home".

"Well then, it's a good thing I didn't let you pee when I invited you over" I replied with a grin, Erin nodded in agreement. "I appreciate you being a lady for me Erin, and not taking advantage of my ignorance of the rules so you could pee. You could have easily asked to use my toilet when I first let you in, without explaining the rules to me. I would have said yes without a second thought, and let you hurry right to my toilet to take a nice long pee" I pointed out.

"I know I could have Jeff, but I didn't want to be a rude guest. Everyone in this city hates girls who just use your toilet without asking. A visiting lady should always wait for her host's permission before she pees" Erin answered proudly. "Besides, I'd really prefer to use my own toilet whenever possible. No offense Jeff, but I'm so germophobic that I don't like touching toilets someone else just used. I would have peed if you let me when I first came in, but now I'd rather just hold it to avoid touching your potentially dirty toilet".

"Well, if you don't want to pee, then I won't give you permission to. I'm sure you can be a lady and hold it a while longer for me" I teased. "I promise I'll let you go home and use your own toilet in another hour or two" I added. Erin, with her fists jammed into her crotch, and a relieved smile on her face, nodded in agreement.

With the two of us both feeling quite lustful for each other I inevitably ended up leading Erin to my bedroom so we could have sex. The sight of Erin hurriedly undoing her pants, and ripping them and her panties down to her knees, as if she were in a hurry to use the toilet practically made me fully erect. Her massively swollen bladder now bulged out farther than the bladder's of any of the other desperate women I had seen today. At first I worried if Erin would even be able to hold it when I started fucking her, especially when I brought her to orgasm. I didn't want her to pee uncontrollably all over my bed. I didn't even have a trash can near my bed for her to use in an emergency. I asked her about this while we finished undressing.

"You're not allowing me to pee Jeff, so I won't" she replied haughtily. "Your concern is nice, but come on Jeff, you know I'm not going to pee in a trash can. I'm much too ladylike for that" she teased as she bobbed around anxiously, her hands gripping her sweaty pussy.

And so I ended up going to town on Erin. Her exhausted bladder tried to rebel against her iron control, and forcibly release her liters of boiling hot pee right there, but Erin wouldn't let herself feel relief so easily. When I let her ride my dick I could feel her exhausted sphincter constantly clenching very hard to keep her throbbing little pee hole clamped tightly shut. No wonder why she could hold such an unbearably full bladder all day long without any relief. I guess this was just one of the benefits of living in a city without any ladies rooms, it made the sex much better. Neither of us wanted to stop, so our sex dragged on for a while before we were both fully spent.

If we had been at Erin's apartment, she could have slipped right into her bathroom, and finally let herself pee after we had our fun. But she wasn't, and she knew she still couldn't pee at my apartment, because I still wasn't going to let her use my toilet. And even if I did, Erin had made clear she didn't want to use my 'dirty' toilet. I offered to let Erin pee in a large bucket for me, but she flatly refused.

"I wouldn't pee in your bucket even if it was an absolute emergency Jeff. I'm supposed to behave like a lady, and only pee in toilets" she replied firmly as she wriggled around frantically with her fists jammed into her crotch. That met Erin had only one option, redressing herself, and making the short walk back to her apartment, where she could finally pee after 15 long hours of waiting.

Erin twisted herself into desperate knots, and pee danced shamelessly as she compressed her poor engorged bladder back into her too-tight clothing. I expected Erin to be half-assed about dressing herself, so she could get home and sit on her badly needed toilet a little sooner. But to my surprise she took her time carefully buttoning up her pants, even as she nervously nibbled on her lips at the added pressure it put her overtaxed bladder.

Erin looked like her bladder was about ready to explode the entire 50 meter walk back to her apartment. Her fists were jammed into her crotch the entire time, and she was so desperate she could barely walk in her high heels. I fully expected Erin to kiss me good night, and leave me at the door when we arrived at her apartment. But to my delight she held the door open, and motioned for me to come inside with her, all while her body language screamed for me to hurry up so she could pee.

"I've already seen you pee, so it's only fair I let you see me pee" she explained mischievously as she hurried in after me.

"What if I said I'd prefer if you could wait?" I teased jokingly.

"Then you should have asked me to stay the night, and refused to let me pee at your place" she teased back, as if trying to give me an idea for later, as she hobbled to her toilet. The sight of her own toilet seemed to make Erin extra frantic as she hurriedly undid her pants again. I watched her rip her pants and panties down in one swift motion, and plop herself on the toilet seat, before finally unleashing Niagara Falls. 15 hours' worth of pent up boiling hot piss gushed out of Erin's pussy like a firehose, as a look of utter relief spread across her face. It took almost 3 full minutes for Erin's gusher to die down to a few dribbles, and finally stop.

"We're definitely doing this again. How about catching dinner and a movie Friday night?" I asked her as she grabbed a few sheets of toilet paper.

"Oh… you know that won't give me any time to go home and pee after work…" Erin teased. I nodded in agreement. "You were a lot tougher on my poor bladder then most people new to the city. Most of them would have let me pee at their place after I explained the rules, but after tonight I'm glad you didn't. Some guys have a lot of trouble adapting to living to in this city, but I can tell you'll do just fine Jeff. I'll see you after work this Friday then" she said with a wicked smile. I nodded in agreement. We both knew I definitely wasn't going to be letting Erin use the toilet for a very long time that Friday night.

=====

That's it for Erin and Jeff's story (for now at least). Let me know what you think. I hope the ending turned out alright, I had a lot of trouble ending this story in a satisfactory way.

I have a few pages written for another (much shorter) story that also takes place in this city with a different woman. I may work on finishing that one next, or I may get back to continuing the Groundhog's Day for Kate story (since so many have requested I continue that one, I already have a full page of the next part of that written).

*096*2020-01-27 01:35

{{56 minutes ago, Noface said:

For some reason I’d love too see something about that one college girl in the hoodie from before. I’m imagining a woman that goes around in roughly mannish clothes so she can use a urinal without anyone asking too many questions at first glance. Maybe she taught herself to pee standing through a fly or has one of those funnels tucked away in her pants.

}}

Honestly, I was originally planning on something like that in part #3 or #4 before I scrapped the idea, because I just couldn't get it to work in any satisfying way. This is part of why part #4 took so long to write. The name of the college girl in the hoodie was going to be Jean.

Part #3 originally ended with Jeff entering the men's room, and starting to use one of the two urinals when Jean hurried inside, already pissing her pants. With no other option Jean was going to hurriedly rip her pants down to her knees and pee in the other urinal next to Jeff (making quite a mess in the process, because she had never peed in one before). She was going to confess to Jeff that she had originally intended to pop a squat behind the diner, but couldn't because there were cameras which would catch her illegal public urination.

Jeff, being a nice guy, was going to try to help her clean up some of the large puddle she left, before hurrying back to Erin without mentioning a word of his encounter to anyone.

Maybe I'll return to something like this for a future story in this city, if I can ever figure out how to get it to work.

*104*2020-01-30 04:13

{{On 1/27/2020 at 1:21 AM, sissypup said:

Just read this entire thread for the first time and it was great thank you

}}

Your welcome, always good to hear a new fan enjoys my work.

{{On 1/28/2020 at 10:40 AM, NotDusty said:

Such a shame Erin wasn’t asked to stay the night!

Absolutely exquisite story writing, hope you write some more before too long!

}}

Well, Erin did basically suggest Jeff ask her to stay the night in the future, so I'm sure Jeff will next time.

{{On 1/28/2020 at 7:53 AM, huberp76 said:

You write „Some guy‘s don’t even let their girlfriend use the toilet, even when she stays the night.“

So great!!! I think this guys are like me, they like girls bursting to wee!?

Just to imagine to spend the evening with a pretty girl, to know that she did not pee all day and than don’t let her wee before sleeping. To make her go to bed with her swollen overfilled bladder, is so total hot and arousing for me.

Thank you for your super story.

}}

I really enjoyed what that line about guys not letting their girlfriend use their toilet implied as well. It opens up some interesting possibilities for future stories. Lots of girlfriends could wake up in the city each day with nearly 24 hours worth of piss brewing in their bladder. But of course they'd have to at least hold it through breakfast, before returning home so they could finally pee. Maybe some unlucky women would have to go straight to work, and hold it through another shift before they could finally go home to pee.

I considered having Erin talk about ex-boyfriends who made her wait for over 24 hours to pee. But the story was getting too long already, and I really wanted to just finish it.

{{On 1/28/2020 at 12:37 PM, peeople said:

Girls can't urinate because of social pressure and strict laws of the city.

Every month, girls get tried and punished because they can't hold their urine in public。

}}

Yeah, but I still haven't expanded on what those punishments might be, I did consider it though.

A couple times in the story I was going to have Erin confess that she didn't used to be so law-abiding when it came to not peeing in public. But obviously something changed and made her an ideal role model female citizen. However I just couldn't get these parts of the story to work, so I cut them out.

{{On 1/28/2020 at 4:14 PM, frogger4y said:

Thanks for a great story, hope you will write more form this City

}}

Yep, I'm sure I'll write more about this city in the future. Just not necessarily about these characters.

