Tianna's Secret

Author: fullbladder

*000*2021-09-16 14:56

“We know your secret, Tianna.” Directly across from her in the closely-knit circle of four young ladies, Sarah-Lee locked eyes with her close friend of seven years. Tianna stammered inaudibly, unable to find the words. Her curvy, feminine, Latina features glowed in the soft light of her friend’s bedroom. She felt sweaty, exposed, and uncomfortable.

“Well, what do you have to say? We’re your best friends!” Beverly spoke up. She was being either modest or polite- Tianna was in no shape to figure out which. Beverly was actually Tianna’s oldest and closest friend- they had known each other for nearly 17 years.

This had been one of Tianna’s biggest fears for years- she had played out the scenario in her mind countless times and yet, she still had no idea what to tell her friends. They waited, arms crossed- the silence in the room was deafening.

“I-I’m sorry.” She finally managed to blabber out an apology. “I-I-I guess….” She swallowed hard, trying to will tears not to flow down her face- it was a useless venture. Composing herself just enough to halt the waver in her soft voice, she continued. “I guess I was too ashamed to tell you- you’re all so pretty and have dated great guys and…”

The girls burst out laughing, interrupting her. “Oh not THAT! We know all about you being a lesb and all- we’re totally cool with it!” Rosie shrieked out.

“Huh? You do? But how…” With the laughter lightening the mood a touch, Tianna allowed herself to smile softly and wipe her eyes with her hands.

“Yes, SILLY!” Beverly responded. “We knew that ages ago when you rejected Hawkley but kept making eyes at his ex all year!”

It was true- Joe Hawkley had dated a handful of girls in high school and he had asked Tianna had found Tulsi, his tenth-grade girlfriend to be gorgeous. Hawkley had caught Tianna admiring them a few times so he was shocked at being rejected when he asked Tianna out after their summer break-up. That was when Tianna had been popular all over the school- things had changed quickly in Grade 11.

“Or when we were looking at Dave’s Maxim stash and you snuck one of the magazines into the bathroom to frig off?” Sarah-Lee yelped excitedly. Dave was Sarah-Lee’s brother, two years her junior.

“You guys knew about that?” Tianna’s face burned beet red as her left hand covered her mouth.

“Duh, we totally heard you huffing and puffing when we went out to the pool.” Sarah-Lee rolled her eyes. “You forgot to put the magazine back too- it was in the bathroom when I went in later.”

Rosie noticed her friend in a shocked distress and quickly intervened to stop the damage. “But it’s totally okay! We love you! It’s great having a bestie around who you know won’t steal your hunk!”

The girls giggled. Beverly had dated Rosie’s ex for a brief time in Grade 12 and Rosie hadn’t taken it well. It was still an inside joke years later.

“Yeah, totally awesome!” echoed Sarah-Lee. The girls stood up and moved over to Tianna for a prolonged embrace.

“Just don’t get too wet in there!” joked Rosie as they hugged. Tianna pushed her away, realizing just how long they had known about her sexual orientation. “Wait, so you guys ragging on me about finding a boyfriend each time we go out was all harassment?”

Beverly dropped down to squat next to her friend. “We were trying to coax you out of the closet, hon. We knew you would be much happier if you just told us and we could pretend to be surprised and happy for you. Anyway, we’re sorry about encouraging you to sleep with any rando that hit on you- we knew you wouldn’t actually do it.”

A new realization hit Tianna as she spoke. “Wait, so what…” Her voice tailed off as a cold panic engulfed her again. Her other dark secret had surely been discovered.

*002*2021-09-21 10:57

Sarah-Lee stepped back and reluctantly eyed Rosie, then Beverly, and finally locked in Tianna again. She spoke carefully, with difficulty. “Well… we know that…”

“We know you like peeing your pants, Tianna.” Rosie finished the sentence softly, but it hit Tianna like a ton of bricks. It had been what she had expected and it still drove her into a frozen shock. Her mind shifted to her bladder- it was full at the moment and nearly voided itself into her mini-skirt.

Tianna barely held on, preventing the untimely accident in front of her closest friends. This time, the girls didn’t wait for her to ask how they knew.

Sarah-Lee started. “We can totally tell when you fake your accidents- it’s to obvious!”

“Yeah, like those times when we go drinking and it’s obvious you’re holding it for fun.” Rosie added

“Then you say you don’t need to go when we ask you and you piss your knickers a half-hour later in the cue.” Beverly giggled as Tianna burned red.

“No! I had this surgery…” The girls roared with laughter. “Please babe, we talk like everyday- we would know!” Rosie gasped between laughs.

“H-how do you know I just don’t have a weak bladder?” Asking the question humiliated Tianna even further. She wished she could sink into a giant hole in the floor.

“C’mon Ti, I’ve known you since kindergarten- it was me peeing my pants at school and bed at night until I was 8, not you. You never had any issues until you became a horned up teenager.” Beverly’s sass drew bouts of laughter again at her expense.

Rosie was quick to express her agreement. “Yeah, I thought the first few times were real accidents like the time you ran inside after our trip to Jarry. I found your wet panties under the sink later but I didn’t say nothing. I thought you were just being dumb and lazy not peeing when we stopped for gas, but a couple months later when it all clicked, I realized you had been drinking way too much water too.”

Tianna covered her face. Had it been that obvious? How had she been so careless?

Sarah-Lee recollected. “Remember the time she showed up all wriggling for just a short 20-minute drive then we hit traffic on the highway? We had thought she was just being her stupid self but she was actually playing her own little hold-it game until we got to the mall.”

Beverly laughed at the memory. “Yeah, we had to pull to the side of the highway with stop-and-go drivers all around us. Ti was about to soak her jeans and my back seat! She already had a wet spot and barely got her pants down in time. It was quite the show for everyone stuck in traffic!”

“Yeah, what a giant puddle that was. I should have taken a picture of it.” Sarah-Lee closed her eyes and shook her head regretfully.

Rosie chimed in. “I’ve got one- do you remember when she didn’t pee at the country fair all morning after drinking a huge soda then went on the roller coaster with us? She wet her dress and pretended it was an accident!”

“That was definitely when I suspected something.” Beverly piped.

“For me, I was sure when she peed her jeans on the walk home from the club a week or two after that. She acted like she couldn’t hold it, but the dead giveaway was when she just let go again outside her house fifteen minutes later. She totally thought since her pants were already soaked, we wouldn’t notice her going in them again in the dark.” Yet again, Sarah-Lee drew laughter from the two others.

“She obviously enjoys it when people see her wet spot, too. She acts embarrassed when girls stare and guys make jokes, but it’s clear she loves the public humiliation.” Rosie giggled as she happily recanted the story of Tianna walking with them with a wet spot on her white khakis, the wetness making the thin fabric transparent and exposing her cherry red panties.

Tianna could only sit and stare at her friends in disbelief. She had gotten her kicks wetting herself in front of them over and over, but they had known they weren’t accidents all along! She remembered the khaki wetting all right, and silently recalled how she had furiously stripped down to her drenched panties and masturbated once not in the company of her friends and in the privacy of her bedroom.

After peeing herself at a few parties, her bladder “problems” had become common gossip throughout William Rogers High School. The shame of being labelled dirty and childish had urged Tianna to go even further with more accidents.

She still remembered a few times where little Beverly had peed her pants at school because she hadn’t been able to get to the toilet in time. The accidents had fascinated Tianna. And, of course, there had been the one time 7-year-old Beverly had slept over and peed in Tianna’s bed. Tianna had awoken first, feeling warm wetness on her pajamas. She had tried to relax and add her own pee to the soaked bed, but had been unable to.

Once Beverly had awoken and discovered her nocturnal accident, Tianna’s mom had stripped the girls naked and cleaned them together in the shower. Tianna had finally relieved herself while being rinsed off next to her best friend. Tianna had long suspected this incident had started her kink.

In coming years, she had discovered the fetish on the internet. There were endless videos on hot women peeing themselves on dirty websites. There were even stories of accidents which people shared- Tianna really enjoyed those. After learning about omorashi, Tianna had started peeing through her panties into the toilet. This had quickly progressed to pants, shorts, and skirts. Before long, she was enjoying the humiliation of soiling herself in public and getting teased about it. As her popular reputation sullied, her large circle of friends had dwindled down to her three BFFs. They had defended her and stood by her through the teasing and bullying.

“Um, do you ever… like… wear your dirty panties again and again?” Sarah-Lee questioned. “Cuz I noticed you still faintly smell like pee sometimes the day after.”

Impossibly, Tianna’s embarrassment heightened even further. Her friends must think of her as such a freak! Who in her right mind would wet herself in public? And wear pissy panties on purpose?

“Um… yeah, sometimes. I let my panties dry out then put them on again.”

The girls roared with laughter. Tianna could tell this wasn’t the end of the topic. Rosie blurted out the next question over the chuckles. “Are you wearing dirty panties right now?”

Tianna hesitated, then realised they had probably sniffed out the truth already. “Yeah, I peed in them twice yesterday.”

Beverly gestured towards her bouncing legs. “Do you need to pee right now?”

“Yeah, a bit.” It was an understatement- Tianna had downed a coffee and two full glasses of water earlier. The fluid had worked its way down into her bladder and she could use a pee break. She had been planning to just pee through her stained panties into Rosie’s toilet like usual. She certainly hadn’t expected to be confronted today. She willed herself to keep her legs still.

*006*2021-10-10 11:44

Sarah-Lee spoke up. “I have an idea! Why don’t we go for a walk together? What do you say, Tianna?”

“Um… sure.” Tianna replied hesitantly, unsure of where this was leading.

Rosie’s eyes lit up. “Drinks first! Let’s get a buzz on before we walk!” She opened the bedroom door and strode over to the bar to pour four martinis for the group.

As the girls eagerly followed her to the bar, Tianna took advantage of being out of the spotlight and stood up. Her bladder’s fullness seemed to increase immediately and her legs shifted involuntarily as she fought the natural impulse to grip her bursting fanny. She REALLY needed to pee. Quickly, she turned towards the hall which led to the washroom.

The bathroom door was locked. Panicking, she rattled it and knocked. Her desperation grew from being so close to relief and she had to clutch herself to prevent an imminent leak into her panties. Who the hell was in the bathroom? She had assumed that they had been alone in Rosie’s basement. Her parents generally stayed upstairs.

Upstairs! That’s where she had to go to get to the other toilet. It was going to be a challenge climbing the stairs in her desperate state, but it was her best chance. She turned around to make her way to the staircase, only to find her friends standing silently behind her, holding their drinks.

“Looking for this?” Rosie held up a key, presumably for the washroom door Tianna stood in front of.

“Yes! I need to GO!” gasped the desperate brunette. She hobbled over to her friend and tried to grab the key with her free left hand. Her right hand still had an iron grip on her womanhood.

“Oh no, you don’t.” Rosie moved her hand behind her back, foiling Tianna’s desperate attempt.

Sarah-Lee spoke up. “Yeah, all those times you had no problem pissing yourself with us around. You can surely wait a few minutes now. Why don’t you drink up then we might let you pee.”

Tianna pleaded desperately but the girls didn’t budge. Reluctantly, she hobbled back to the bar where a martini glass was waiting for her. Moving away from the vicinity of toilet seemed to reduce her need just a touch. She couldn’t help but imagine the relief she would feel once she had downed this glass and her ass was finally seated on that toilet!

With Tianna squirming on the spot, the girls sipped their drinks. Tianna tried to drink quickly, but it was difficult. Each gulp of liquid seemed to immediately add to her bladder’s fullness. Still, she managed to finish drinking before the others.

She lowered her empty glass back onto the granite counter. “There, can I please have the key now?”

Rosie scrunched her face thoughtfully. “Um…. No.” She shook her head decisively.

“B-but you said I could go!” Tianna was in tears from being denied relief yet again. She needed to pee SO badly. She feared that she would start peeing her pants in mere seconds, making a wet mess on the tiled floor beneath her.

“You agreed to go for a walk with us.” Sarah-Lee recalled.

“Yes, she did, didn’t she?” Beverly mused.

“She definitely did.” Rosie confirmed. “Let’s finish our drinks and get moving!” Tianna couldn’t believe her ears.

The ladies gulped down the remainder of their glasses and Beverly and Sarah-Lee linked arms with Tianna to lead her towards the door. Tianna marched along in a terrified haze- she was on the verge of an embarrassing accident and her friends were forcing her outside, into public.

*007*2021-10-14 12:47

As Rosie kicked Tianna’s sandals over to her and opened the door, Tianna’s tummy fluttered with a mix of desperation, anxiety, and sexual excitement. The cool air hit her like a brick and she shivered involuntarily and desperately danced in place, just managing to free her right arm from Sarah-Lee’s grasp to clutch her pussy and prevent urinary leakage into her clothes.

Beverly stopped escorting her as the group walked off the property onto the sidewalk. Tianna had no escape- she silently followed Rosie and Sarah-Lee, with Beverly beside her happily engaged in the chatter out front. The group walked slowly, matching Tianna’s hobbled pace. She burned red in humiliation as they passed playing children in front yards, women gardening, men mowing lawns, and young couples out walking. Yet, she dared not let go of her crotch- she knew she would begin peeing immediately without the aid of her hand.

Somehow, Tianna kept her panties dry for nearly ten minutes. Then, there was an attractive young woman watering her flowers. The sound and sight of water flowing from the hose, through the air, and into the soil was overwhelming. Tianna’s pee pushed hard against her pussy, demanding immediate release. She stopped walking, violently rocking her hips back and forth. However, her attempt to hold her pee in was futile- she felt herself squirt into her underwear and a familiar warm wetness spread on her fingers.

By some miracle, the woman stopped watering her plants as she observed the scene in front of her lawn in shock. Tianna just managed regain control and stop the flood from releasing into her skirt. Noticing the attractive lady gawking at her, she hobbled forward, wishing she could disappear from view.

Not a minute later, Tianna squirted again as the girls in front entered a small community park. Her wet pussy pulsed as she barely stemmed the flow, knowing the next lapse of control would surely be the last. There was a wet spot on her skirt now- it was visible even with her hand on her crotch. With her bladder demanding full attention, Tianna didn’t notice the group approach a young woman until she noticed the change in conversational tone.

“Hi Jolene.” Sarah-Lee greeted cheerfully.

“Hello Sarah-Lee! And Rosie and Beverly and… “

Jolene's voice tailed off, as she noticed the curvy Latina desperate for a wee. In horror, Tianna realized she was standing a mere five feet from the chick she had crushed on for years, Hawkley’s ex! And she was about to piss her pants in front of her like a little girl!

Tianna trembled audibly, trying to prevent the inevitable, but it was too late. Her bladder forcefully released itself and Tianna soaked her panties. She closed her eyes and sighed as the incredible burden of controlling her full bladder was immediately lifted. She loosened the grip on her crotch, but the wet mini-skirt continued to cling to her body. A great waterfall flowed down her legs to her feet, splattering loudly on the pavement.

Outside the inner group of girls, a larger group of stunned onlookers gathered. It was the most unusual sight- an attractive young woman having a huge accident in the local park. As Tianna finished peeing, Beverly quickly ushered her to a semi-secluded bench behind some a tree. Droplets fell between her feet as she absent-mindedly made her way past curious eyes. She had just uncontrollably wet herself in front of a whole lot of people, in broad daylight. A growing excitement filled her as she heard Jolene ask if she was okay.

“She’s fine.” Rosie responded. “She was just really excited to meet you.”

The girls giggled and urged Jolene to sit down on the bench next to Tianna. The three of them promised to be right back and left the two of them alone.

“So… are you sure you’re okay?” Jolene asked with concern.

Tianna couldn’t bring herself to look at her. Jolene was absolutely gorgeous, perhaps even prettier than she remembered… and she had just watched her disgrace herself. A mixture of shame, horniness, and attraction overwhelmed Tianna as she fought back tears and tried to answer.

“Um.. yeah, I’m fine.” A gust of wind lifted the pee smell up to Tianna’s nose and she realized Jolene could probably smell it too. She tried to clench her legs together tightly.

“H-has this ever happened to you before?” Jolene asked nervously.

“Uh… yeah, a few times in school.” Tianna was surprised at the question. Surely Jolene had heard the names and rumours! “She probably doesn’t remember much about me”, thought Tianna.

It was Jolene’s turn to redden. “Sorry, I knew that. I didn’t mean to bring it up.”

“It’s okay- I’m sorry you had to see that. You can leave if you want. It’s probably not a good idea to be seen with me right now.” There were still a few people hanging around trying to catch a glimpse through the trees.

Jolene chewed her lip, mulling what to say next. After a moment, she leaned in to whisper in Tianna’s ear. “Actually, I thought it was super hot.”

She softly grazed the inside of Tianna’s moist, sticky thigh. Slowly, her hand moved higher and Tianna instinctively relaxed her legs to allow Jolene’s cool fingers to explore under her skirt. Her heart raced as Jolene lightly stroked the wet cotton fabric. She pushed her butt forward, lusting a firmer touch. Jolene obliged, grinding her fingertips against Tianna’s clitoris.

Breathing heavy now, Tianna opened her mouth trying to scream out with pleasure in the quiet park. Jolene took her open mouth as an invitation and leaned in to kiss her lips. She pushed her tongue into Tianna’s mouth encouraging her snog partner to kiss back. Tianna did and tried to lower Jolene down on top of her as she lied on the park bench.

Jolene broke off the kiss and pulled her hand away from Tianna’s wet panties.

“Next time.” Jolene whispered. She gestured towards the handful of peeping toms with their phones out. “I’ve always found you hot.”

She reached into her Tianna’s pocket for her phone and entered her number. “Text me.” She instructed as Beverly, Rosie, and Sarah-Lee returned from the ladies room. It was time for a cold, wet walk back to Rosie’s house.

