The long wait

Author: Flush

*000*2018-03-25 12:55

"She walked into the room, butt-naked, the wet panties in her hand. It was the best sex I’ve ever had."

This story is a follow up to “Fifth date rule

” and “Returning the favour

”, from which I cited the last line. It’s not entirely crucial to read these stories beforehand. Nevertheless, if you by any chance have the time to do so, I would most certainly recommend it.

It’s going to be my last story, but you probably won’t believe it, because I announced my departure from the omorashi writing scene in general roughly two years ago. Yeah ok, I was a big fat liar. I’m going to say it once again, and once again I mean it: this will most positively be my last creative effort. I hope you will all enjoy it.

Disclaimer: This story contains female desperation and wetting, and includes some soft male-female sexual scenes at the end. Special credits to Ranpalan from the “Editing team” to proofread my work, and to the thread “Let’s trade stories

” which loosely provided me with some inspiration.

- - THE LONG WAIT - -

*Ding*

“Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are currently cruising at an altitude of 30.000 feet at an airspeed of 350 miles an hour. The weather is excellent, and we are expecting to reach our destination approximately thirty minutes ahead of schedule. The cabin crew will be coming around to offer you our in-flight service.”

Finally. After six months of hard work, I was finally returning home after my overseas’ internship within my uncle’s international company. The whole experience had been amazing; I had learned so much during the last few weeks, and I was still on track to land in a junior executive position - it was an opportunity given to me that I couldn't possibly have refused. I smiled and sighed, so glad that I hadn’t messed it all up, because I had needed to leave behind the most precious thing in my life - Jess. Six months, it had seemed like an eternity. Let me tell you, long distance relationships suck.

At first, there’s the awful decision. She wants you to follow your dreams, you don’t want to leave her, but you want to go, you doubt, she stands firm, but you know that deep down inside she will miss you too. But - will she miss you too? Why is she so persistent? Maybe she just wants to get rid of you? You argue, realize your mistake and make up, have second thoughts again. Then it’s final, and then it’s not, and then it’s back to final. Awful.

Then, there’s the final kiss before you leave. You look her in the eyes, try not to cry, say you’ll call her as soon as you land, promise her to Skype her every night, then you cry anyway. You’re the last person to board and you have to leave now, but you can’t, and she says that nothing will change, but you know it will. Is the kiss temporarily final or eternally final? Final. The word just keeps spooking through your head during the entire flight.

But the worst part is the six-month period itself. That might seem pretty obvious, but there are moments where it hits you really hard. You work hard, you feel alone. You miss a few calls, she misses a few calls, and tells you she’s going out with her roommate. Just her roommate, or her roommate and the two guys living in the apartment below them? Just the movies, or is she going to a sweaty club afterwards? Alright, it was just the movies. You spice things up and try to make love over a webcam line, but it feels weird. You masturbate, but you don’t feel the love, it’s not the same. You need intimacy.

A sexy Swedish blonde is doing her internship in the company. You get along. She’s wearing a skimpy red dress to the company gala, and she accidentally falls against you after a few drinks. Soft breasts. You think about accepting her ride to your home, but walk home to cool down instead, and realize how close you were to making a huge mistake. Had you just cheated on your girlfriend for having these thoughts?

The rules were unclear. There were no rules. You should have made rules. You beat off, and inadvertently the blonde shows up in your fantasies. Was this cheating? If felt like cheating. The next time your girlfriend moans over Skype that she wants sex, you start to think about your own adventures, and the meaning of her words suddenly change. She said it at least thirty times before, but at that time, “she want’s sex” just meant that she wants you, and you felt good about yourself. Now it means that she is horny and willing to take any guy in her neighbourhood. Off course she’s not. But you know there’s a possibility, and it kills you inside. You count down, hesitant to pick up her calls, afraid that she will break up with you over the phone. She doesn’t. You hope everything returns to normal when you get back.

I gulped down the whisky that I had ordered from the stewardess, and smiled when I looked out of the window. Finally, I was going home again, and all of these headaches were all over. A company car would pick me up from the airport, and I would go straight to Jess’ apartment again. We hadn’t made exact plans, but I could think of a few things to do. I hoped her roommate Chloe would be gone tonight so we would have some privacy.

“So, big day today, huh? Don’t worry Jess, I made plans for tonight so you two lovebirds will have the apartment to yourselves.”

“Come on Chloe, you don’t have to disappear, we don’t mind you being here at all.”

“Jess - and I’m raising my eyebrow here - are you serious? It’s been six months. Twenty four weeks that you will have to make up for in just one night. You do not want me here.”

“I guess you’re right. I’m just a little nervous, that’s all.”

“Nervous? Why? You two just passed the ultimate love test! You should be thrilled!”

“Yeah um… It’s just that it’s been awhile since we… you know. What if… I don’t know...”

“Jess. Not that again. Did you shave?”

“Yeah, but what does that have to do with…”

“You will be neat and naked, he will be horny. You do the math.”

I tossed and turned my cell phone around in my hands while the businessman next to me made an in-flight call to his boss, or at least someone in power. I pondered about making a surprise call to her too, but the service rate was hardly cheap, and I was hardly rich. Sure, if the company credit card took care of it all like my neighbours’, it would be no problem. I decided not to. We managed six months - another six hours wouldn’t be the end of it. The more money I saved, the more I had left to pick her up a present from the airport gift shop.

“Jess, I’m getting impatient of you pacing around the apartment. Here, have a drink, sit down. Look - if you worry too much, then just give him exactly what he wants. It will be great either way, but if it gives you some confidence, it could be worth a try.”

“What he wants… what do you mean?”

“I don’t know, you’re his girlfriend; he must have some kinks in the bedroom, every guy has at least one.”

“No, I don’t think he does, we just…”

“Jess. Listen to me. Every guy has at least one. Uniforms, whips, leather, feet, you name it. Think. What was the best sex you ever had? What happened before?”

“I… I’m not telling you that, but…”

“Fine, if you don’t want my help, I’ll get back to the dishes.”

“Ok, ok - but don’t laugh at me.”

“I’m listening.”

“Do you remember the time when I slid the bathroom key under the door - off course you remember, you soaked your jeans right there - well, I was horny and desperate, and we made out in the shower and…”

“Hey, I don’t need all the spicy details. Well, maybe I do, but not today. Ok, so he likes to see you antsy and bursting to pee. I get the appeal; you’re his sweet damsel in distress that he wants to save. Typical. Every man wants to be the hero of his girl. Well - this is easy. All we need is a simple scenario for a roleplay and… wait up, I’ll get something from my room, I have an idea.”

“Ropes?”

“Yep, ropes. Don’t worry, they’re special ones that don’t slice into your wrists when you stir.”

“Wait, Chloe, what the hell are you talking about?”

“His fantasy. He has a key to the apartment, right? Text him that he can come in on his own. Tease him. It’s mysterious, he’ll love it.”

“And what will I do?”

“Aha! You will be on your bed in your underwear. Just before he arrives, I will tie your hands and feet to the bed ends. And you make sure that you need the bathroom with some urgency. Don’t fake it, you’re a terrible actress. Drink some water, it should be easy to calculate how much. Let him save you, and be grateful,... really grateful.”

“...”

“What? Look, if you don’t want to do it, fine. He will be happy with a quick fix, either way. You’re both in love. But it’s not such a bad idea if you’re into it; he will know instantly how you planned this out for him, as if you were fantasizing about the moment for the entire past six months.”

“Ok… maybe… I don’t know… and how much do I drink?”

“Enough. Relax; it’s still a few hours - you should only start when there’s two hours left or so, with a few glasses, that should be plenty.”

The seatbelt sign came on, and the soothing voice of the flight commander announced that we would start our descent in a few moments. I thought about the fact that I never had flown with a female pilot in the cockpit before, and wondered why that was. The weather outside seemed sunny, just like announced, and we would arrive half an hour earlier than originally planned, just like announced.

I called Jess as soon as we were taxiing to the terminal. The conversation was quite short; there was a lot of noise in the airplane so I had to speak up rather loudly - it wasn’t the perfect setting for a lovely, enticing conversation. But the message came through, and she told me how she missed me, and how she wanted me to hurry. She didn’t tell why, and I wondered whether it was just love talk, or whether she really wanted me to make a dash for it for some reason. I would have to wait for my luggage anyway, but I hoped mine would be the first suitcase on the belt.

“Ok Chloe, he just landed.”

“Great. Did you go the bathroom?”

“I just did.”

“Great. Come, I’ll pour you something. No alcohol, it will only cloud your senses, and you’re drunk on love anyway. How long till he gets here?”

“Hmm… he would text me when he arrived in our city’s district, but I think, over a little less than an hour and a half. One hour and a quarter, maybe.”

“One hour and a quarter? Jess, I told you two hours! Oh well, it will do. How many glasses of water do you think you’ll need?”

“I don’t know, one glass to start?”

“One glass in a less than an hour and a half? Are you serious? You’ll need at least four glasses, believe me. I would even take five if I were me, and I know you can hold it as well as I do - we tested in more than one occasion, remember? Bathroom buddies when we go clubbing?”

“Okay… two glasses, then.”

“Two times two. Come on, drink.”

“Ok, one down.”

“Next! One and a quarter, one and a half, one and three quarters, two!”

“I think this will be enough to…”

“No effin’ way, Jess. At least four. You need to be convincing.”

“Two. Ok, just another half a glass then.”

“Here, drink. Two and a quarter, two and a half, two and a half, two and a half… come on, keep going. Don’t stop!”

“That’s two and three quarters! That’s enough, Chloe.”

“Ok, for now then, but you’ll need more in a few minutes, I assure you.”

“Why are you so tough? You haven’t consumed a single drop yourself!”

“Oh, you want me to drink along? Sure, I’ll show you that you’ll need four glasses. And I will not visit the bathroom in the apartment anymore, not before your boyfriend arrives. Heck, I’ll even lock the door to make my point.”

“I was just kidding, you don’t have to prove yourself, but...”

“One… Two… Three… and a half... Four.. and... a… a half... F... Fi... ah... Five. And that, is how it is done! Don’t laugh at me!”

My heart was beating in my chest once I set foot on home soil. A lot can change in six months - the airport hall was completely remodeled since my departure, and I thankfully had the company driver to guide me through the maze. Had I changed? I believed not. Had Jess changed? I hoped not. Only less than an hour that kept us apart. The tension rose with every text I sent, documenting my journey towards her with great detail.

“Oh. My God.”

“What?”

“You look so... seductive - I almost had forgotten you owned clothing other than sweatpants!”

“Well, I never had reason to dress up in the last couple of months, but now that he’s back,... Anyway, he’s approaching the district, can you be gone in ten minutes?”

“Yeah, of course, come on, I’ll tie you to the bed.”

“Are you sure about this?”

“Yeah, I’m sure. Foot!”

“Hey, not too tight!”

“Don’t be such a wuss, Jess, these ropes are delicate as a feather, your fragile ankles won’t feel a thing, I promise. Other foot!”

“It’s just a little weird, I haven’t done anything like this before...”

“Arm! Relax, he is going to like it, I guarantee you. I’ll do the dishes for a month if he doesn’t. The moment when he sees you squirming around, waiting for him to save you…”

“Yeah, uhm - about that - I don’t think those three glasses were quite enough...”

“Really? Arm! Come on Jess, you being desperate was eighty percent of the fantasy!”

“Well, I do feel a little need, I could go, but I don’t HAVE to. It’s too late now, isn’t it?”

“I don’t know, you still got ten minutes, I think you can still do some damage control - wait a second.”

“Drink this.”

“The whole bottle?”

“The whole small bottle. Ten minutes, Jess - it has to run right through you, you’ll need as much as you can take.”

“Fine.”

“Good girl. Alright, now that you are all tied and filled up, I’m going to take off.”

“Chloe?”

“Yeah?”

“I wonder... Have you ever had sex with a full bladder?”

“I did.”

“And?”

“You know a good girl like me doesn’t kiss and tell… have fun!”

The texting back and forth between Jess and me had come to an abrupt halt with a mysterious message - my eyes were glued to my phone for a few good seconds, trying to decipher the cryptic code within.

I don’t know how much longer I can wait - I need you so bad right now. The front door is unlocked. Hurry.

In any other situation and without context, I would have assumed that she was in serious trouble, but I was almost sure that it wasn’t the case now. There was a wink emoticon, and we had been busy warming each other up for the last couple of minutes. It was a lot more explicit than the last few vanilla messages though - or was I reading too much into it? She meant sex, right? Maybe not. Maybe she was just taking a hot dish out of the oven, and I needed to arrive before it got cold. Maybe. I texted her back, but I didn’t get an answer.

I looked up to see where we were - a seven minute drive away from her apartment - and just captured how an oblivious driver flat out pulled out of a small alleyway, forcing our car onto the pavement while slamming the brakes. Asshole. I only stop for hot chicks, proclaimed his bumper sticker - the total douchebag level at least checked out. Fortunately, we were both unharmed and quickly back on our way, but unfortunately, that didn’t last very long. Two crossroads further, my driver pulled over onto a bus stop, checking his mirror in the process, and sighed. “Yeah, I think we got a flat tire.”

Yet another delay. I stayed in the car while the company driver got out, and dialed Jess’ cellphone number, to let her know that I would arrive at her place later than expected. Her phone rang a couple of times, then I got her voicemail. I tried calling her again, same result, so I texted her, and got out of the car to see how the repairs were going. Turns out that there was no spare tire, and my driver had called the leasing company’s road assistance. I idled on the sidewalk for a good minute, and then made an impulsive decision - I chose to walk to her apartment. Waiting around while Jess was waiting for me was killing me inside, and while a fifteen minute walk could hardly be called heroic, I hoped it would be at least a little bit romantic. I said my goodbyes to the driver, gathered my belongings, and went on my way.

“Chloe?”

It was only a quarter of an hour later that I realised that my projected fifteen minute walk would be a little longer in time. Three blocks to go and I picked up my pace. Jess wasn’t responding to any of my texts, but I would be with her soon anyway. Finally.

“Chloe! Oh God... CHLOE!”

“Chloe, I’m serious, are you there? I think he’s late, and I really need to pee now! Please?”

“CHLOEEEEE... Fuck... CHLOE!”

“Chloe...”

“Chloe... please untie me... please... before I...”

When I arrived at Jess’ place, I found the door unlocked with a green post-it note on top of it, that said after unfolding: Welcome home sweetheart - strip to your boxers, don’t make a sound, and meet me in my room... which is exactly what I did without hesitating. Fighting the urge to rush the task, I tried to follow Jess’ instructions close to the letter. I managed to gently drop my shirt, shoes and socks into the sofa without making a single sound, but the adrenaline rushing through my body eventually got the upper hand of me. The metallic noise of my belt buckle falling onto the tiled floor filled the living room. Fuck.

“Chloe? Thank god, please please come in quickly…”

It was the first time in six long months that I heard my girlfriend’s voice in real life again, instead of over the phone, and to me, it sounded so sweet and divine, as if she was some goddess calling me from above. I didn’t even think about the possibility of her roommate being home home while I was standing in their living room half naked, I thought only about barging through her bedroom door to finally taste her lips again, and so I did.

“Well, I’m not Chloe, but I think that...”

My heartbeat stalled for a moment while I inspected the scene that I was walking into. Jess was lying on the bed all tied up, her nipples pointing through her bra towards the ceiling. Her legs - much like her arms - were spread entirely and with some imagination, I could see the outlines of her lips through the fabric of her panties. Her knees were unnaturally aimed towards each other, and the whole underside of her body seemed restless, as if something had stressed her out.

“... Jess, are you alright? Who... what... Did someone break into the apartment while the door was unlocked?”

She gave me a puzzled look, and then bursted out laughing compulsively, while I stood by her bedroom door studying her expression, not knowing how to react. Her eyes were closed and she had somewhat of a painful grimace on her face, but her smile seemed truly genuine, and I couldn’t resist grinning with her, like I was a complete idiot. Her laughter died out before mine, and she waved her butt around sensually, inviting me to come in bed with her.

“It’s a surprise for you”, Jess said, using her most enticing voice, “I’ve been - waiting - a long time for you. Now I kind of have to pee, but... there’s something else I want you to do first, something I’ve been craving for since the day you left...”

She slowly bit her lip softly and theatrically diverted her eyes towards her most intimate parts, making her intentions clear as ice to me. Although her lace panties were black, they worked as a red rag to a bull for me, and I quickly slammed the door shut before crawling into her bed, like a tiger observing its prey. I gently placed my fingers on her knee and slowly moved up her tense thighs, and she gasped, her bottom twisting and turning, my touch driving her totally crazy. I deliberately missed her crotch by just an inch, let my fingertips slip past her hard nipples, and tucked my hand behind her neck. I stared into her pleading eyes, pulled her head slightly towards me, and leaned over to passionately kiss her full on the lips. It had been so long since I touched her that I had trouble composing myself, but the feeling was mutual, as she forced her trembling lips onto mine again, harder than the first time.

I laid beside her and admired her sexy body for a few good seconds; whether she wanted it or not, there was nothing that she could do in her tied up position, and I absolutely loved being in control of the situation. She was breathing loudly, and her legs were pulling the rope around her ankles frantically, trying to press her thighs together in vain. It wasn't until then that I noticed the bulge around her waist, and realised how badly she really needed to pee. I hesitated for a second and looked into her longing eyes again, giving her a chance to confess her need to me, in case she would want me to untie her before we moved any further. As if she was reading my mind, she slowly waved her butt back and forth again, clearly having trouble to keep the rest of her body still, and pointed her eyes towards her black panties again.

She really wanted me to pleasure her first.

I swiftly moved my hand down under and slipped my fingers right into her panties, instinctively placing them exactly where I knew she liked them, it was like riding a bike. I ran my fingertips over her sensitive spots to warm her up, and gasped when I felt how wet she already was just by the anticipation of making love with me. Not that I was truly surprised, since I was already rock hard myself, without Jess even having touched my erection. She moaned and told me to hurry up, which drove me even crazier; I plucked the condom from the nightstand, and dropped my boxers. I crawled onto the bed again, and my fingers grabbed the fabric of her panties so I could remove them, but then I realised that I wouldn’t be able to pull them down as long as her legs were spread by the rope around her ankles. Taken over by animal lust, I gently moved the fabric around her vulva aside, and pointed my erection towards her. I slowed down, placed it into position, ready to burst forth, and closed my eyes.

“Stop - ah - stop... I can’t, stop, I can’t, honey, I’m sorry, I can’t, I’m so sorry!”

I immediately pulled back and opened my eyes; a tear was running down Jess’ face.

“I need to pee, I can’t hold it, please untie me, I don’t want to ruin my mattress!”

I jumped out of the bed without hesitating, and went down on my knees so that I could untie my precious girlfriend in distress as quickly as possible. Confidently, I pulled the end of the rope and assured Jess that she would be out in a second - only to realize that the knot around her ankle wasn’t a conventional one, and that the rope didn’t come loose at all. I cluelessly looked up to Jess, but she had her eyes closed and couldn’t see me - I brainlessly tried the other ankle, hoping that it would come off easier, but to no avail.

Jess had dropped all pretense and squirmed around in her bed for all that she had, her knees furiously moving around, and although I felt sorry for her, I couldn’t help to be aroused by the wonderful sight. The fabric of her panties was still aside, and the enticing slit between her thighs was sensually dancing with Jess’ movements. It was a mesmerising sight for a lustful man like me, and I could have stared at it all day long, but there were more urgent matters to take care of. So I stood up, and watched Jess’ body freeze for a good second, and she whimpered, before squirming around again. A short burst of pee dripped out from between her legs; she had leaked. I had to take more drastic measures.

“Hold on Jess - I’ll be right back!”

Jess moaned and I wondered whether she had spurted once again, while I spurted towards the kitchen to grab the scissors out of the silverware drawer; it wouldn’t be the most elegant or most heroic solution, but it would be the fastest one, and that was what Jess needed at that time. But much to my surprise, all the scissors and knives were taken out of the drawer, and there was just a simple note that said:

“The greater the effort, the sweeter the reward. The easy way is no fun. Love, Chloe.”

Perplexed, I turned the piece of paper around, and on the backside there was a copy of Chloe’s girl scout knot tying diploma - a particular knot was circled in red with the instructions how to tie the rope. My hands were shaking as I tried to figure out how to do the steps backwards, but then I heard Jess squeal, desperately begging me to help her, and I decided that I would just have to learn by doing it. I rushed into her room again, dropped the piece of paper on her nightstand, and pulled the particular side of rope highlighted in the last step. Adrenaline rushed through me while I succeed; one part of the knot came loose, and I recognized the remaining part from the penultimate picture. Jess clenched her fingers, and shuddered; I could have perfectly clocked the pressure waves overtaking her, urine no doubt rushing against the tormented muscles in her full bladder.

The next step, however, seemed to be a little more tricky, and required a lot more of prying the rope, but I persistently followed through, determined to save Jess from her position before it would be too late. The problem was that, though, that when she desperately yanked her hands towards her, the rope would pull itself back into position, and I hardly gained ground. Knowing Chloe all too well, I soon realised that she had used a self-tying knot technique, and considerately asked Jess to try and keep her body under control as good as possible, to which she moaned in despair, nevertheless holding herself as still as she could.

“I’ll try, I’ll try, please hurry!”

I could only promise her to be as fast as I could; the rope prying was definitely more successful, and I could pull loop after loop from around her wrist. Ecstatic that her arm could move around a little further, she wildy twitched around again, making the last kinks in the rope harder to untangle, but after a good ten seconds of work, the knot came loose, and I scrambled onto the foot end of the bed, while Jess’ hand surged directly to her crotch.

I was now in the front row again, and couldn’t resist to take a quick glance; her middle finger was jammed between her lips, her buttocks furiously rocking around, her thighs flexing themselves. She cried out to God more times than I could count, but I knew a divine intervention wouldn’t come and save her. Just three more knots, and she could rush towards the bathroom to get the relief she so badly needed. I gently requested her to lay still again, and she complied, but compared to her wrists, keeping her ankles still seemed to be extremely hard; so urgent was her need, that she had completely lost control over her body. I had just successfully loosened the first two loops when her breathing got heavier, and her legs started jerking around even wilder. The roped tied themselves tighter again, and there was nothing that I could do anymore, except telling Jess to lay still, but she didn’t seem to listen to me any longer.

Powerless, I looked up to her, and noticed that all of her fingers were hugging her privates now, covering all of the skin between her thigh and her panties, and she shuddered a few times, before the jerking movement off her legs slowly died out. Glistening drops of pee were passing through her fingers, and soon joined their forces into a sizzling river delta; Jess had lost the battle against her full bladder and slowly but surely started wetting her bed. I hesitantly pried loose another loop, and then I realised there was nothing more that I could do; I had failed her. It would take me more than a minute to undo the rest of the ropes, and Jess simply didn’t have that time. The force of the stream coming from between her legs only got stronger, and the flood drenched the fabric of her panties, still hanging from the side, and landed into her bed.

In a last effort to save her mattress, I looked around the room for a container of some sort, and noticed an empty plastic bottle standing on her night stand. Without overthinking it, I grabbed it from the table and pressed the opening it against Jess’ fingers. It wasn’t until then that I realised that the stream of her pee was so thick compared to the small gap in the bottle, and that pissing into one wasn’t as easy as it was for boys, but Jess played along anyway, no doubt in absence of a better option. Trembling, she moved her fingertips out of the way, and a short burst of pee sprung out of her body before I forced the bottle onto her lips.

After a few corrections, the piece of plastic managed to collect most of the wetness, and we both heard the satisfying sound of the stream hitting the bottom of the bottle. Jess sighed and completely let go, pee gushing out her like a waterfall, the width of flood expanding, and thick drops splashed against the side of the bottle, all over my hands. In a second or fifteen, she filled the entire bottle, and before I properly realised it, the piece of plastic overflowed, pee waving onto her intimates again. I retracted the bottle, but Jess didn’t stop at all, her mattress ruined anyway, and blissfully continued emptying her bladder into her bed.

We looked each other in the eye for few seconds after she finished, both of us unsure how to react, and then we both bursted out laughing at the complete absurdity of this situation. While I told her how much I loved her, and she told me how much she loved me, I untied her ropes, and we cuddled on the dry side of the bed. She started kissing all over my body, and then playfully pulled me out of bed. I followed her towards Chloe’s bedroom, admiring her sexy bottom as she leaped through the living room naked. We made love in her roommate’s bed out of revenge.

It wasn’t the sex best I’ve ever had, but it was certainly the hottest.

Fortunately we did it more than once that night.

THE END

*004*2018-04-02 14:25

Thanks everyone for the nice comments.

{{On 25-3-2018 at 7:33 PM, Foxlover said:

It warms my heart to see the Master pick up a pen again

}}

Yeah... ink is running dry though ;) I wrote 95 percent of the story several months ago, even publishing finished work takes ages nowadays... (P.S. I occasionally browse the roleplaying forums, and I see that your pen is still very functional. Unfortunately I'm more of a lurker nowadays time-wise, but I can still appreciate reading a good role play...)

{{On 31-3-2018 at 1:59 AM, Weasel said:

Oh, the emotions! Every relationship I've ever had has begun as a long-distance thing, so this hit me right at home. The fear. The jealousy. The awkwardness. The excitement of getting back together. And the delays in that process. Always some delay. So very true to life. Love it!

}}

It's only true to my imagination, since I've never been part of any kind of a long-distance relationship... I think all of my knowledge on this theme came from this excellent literotica story

, which is probably also 100% fictional. Oh well, glad that my imagination isn't too alienating from the real world.

