On the Edge

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2026-01-25 05:11

On a sun-drenched afternoon, Elvira and Robert were enjoying a refreshing swim in an outdoor pool. The water was cool and crystal-clear, the sun bright but pleasant. They’d already done twenty laps, playfully chasing and splashing each other like carefree kids. But underneath the surface, something else was simmering. Elvira’s swimsuit, sleek and dripping wet, clung tightly to her body like a second skin. Her movements were smooth and strong — but unmistakably tense. A growing pressure in her lower abdomen kept tapping for attention, quiet but insistent. As they swam toward the pool's edge, Robert pulled himself out first. Elvira followed, climbing out slowly. Her wet suit hugged her curves, and her legs tensed slightly as she stood.

“You know you look incredible when you step out of the water like that?” Robert said, eyeing her appreciatively. Elvira laughed. “And you know I’m about to burst, right?” Robert raised an eyebrow. “Seriously?” She nodded, eyes glinting with mischief. “I should’ve gone before we got in. But I had a feeling you'd enjoy it if I held it a little.” He stepped closer. “I do,” he whispered. “You move differently. Your whole body shifts. It’s like you’re right on the edge… and you know it.

”She gave him a playful swat. “You’re terrible.”

They lay on their towels for a while, drying off in the sun. Elvira took a sip of her cola, then quickly set it down. “I don’t think that was wise,” she muttered.

“How full do you think you are?” Robert asked. She closed her eyes for a second. “Maybe… 600 milliliters. Could be more.”

Robert nodded slowly. “Want to hold it a little longer? For me?” She turned her head toward him, smirking. “You know you’re evil, right?”

“And you love it.”

She didn’t answer — just gave him a sly, silent smile.

A little later, they slid back into the water. Elvira swam, but her movements were twitchier now. Every kick, every twist pushed her closer to the edge. Her belly was tight, her bladder rock-hard. Still, she laughed and played, pushing herself to keep going. When they finally climbed out again, her body was tense, her steps short and controlled.

“I’m going to the toilet. Right now,” she said firmly. “I’ll come with you,” said Robert, catching the look in her eyes — serious now.

They walked toward the restroom building. Elvira was slightly hunched forward, one hand discreetly resting over her lower abdomen.

“I think I’m up to 800 milliliters,” she whispered through gritted teeth. “You must be ready to explode,” Robert said with a mix of awe and concern.

“Why do you think I’m walking like this? And this tight swimsuit isn’t helping.”

“You actually look incredibly sexy right now.”

She stopped, turning her head toward him slowly. “Say that one more time and I might let go right here.”

“That would be exciting too,” he murmured — and wisely said nothing else.

But when they rounded the corner, they froze. A long line of people stood outside the restroom. Some were shifting from foot to foot, others visibly annoyed. Two repair workers were crouched down by the pipes.

“Only one working toilet,” someone explained. “The rest are backed up. Could take hours. ”Elvira’s eyes went wide. She pressed her legs together, both hands now gripping between her thighs. Her jaw clenched. “I can’t wait. Not anymore.”

Robert didn’t hesitate. “Come on. Trees. Now.” They half-jogged, half-shuffled toward a row of bushes behind the building.

Robert found a hidden spot and turned to her. “Here. ”She didn’t argue. With trembling fingers, she pulled down her swimsuit. Before she could even squat fully, it began.

A forceful, gushing stream burst out of her. The sound was loud, urgent, and echoed her entire body letting go. She braced herself against a tree, gasping as the pressure finally released. It went on for nearly a minute — intense, powerful, overwhelming. Then came a few final spurts, softer, lighter. “Ohhh… god. The relief…” she sighed, still crouched. “I really thought I wouldn’t make it. ”Robert stayed nearby, respectfully turned slightly away, but close enough to show he was there. When she stood and adjusted her swimsuit, he pulled her into a tight hug.

“You did amazing,” he whispered.

“Was it exciting enough for you?” she teased.

He smiled. “More than you know.”

Hand in hand, they walked back to their towels.

The sun still warmed their skin, the water shimmered behind them, and between them floated a delicious silence — not awkward, but charged. Full of promise.
