Fighting Gold - A JoJo Part 5 Omo Story

Author: FUBOT

*000*2021-04-20 19:38

Preface: More than a year later I'm pulling out this story I suggested on my blog

. For those who are big into Jojo, this is supposed to take place after the battle with Notorious B.I.G., and before they finish with Metallica. I may do a part 2. Let me know what you think with a comment or something, or just an upvote.

Word Count: ~6k

Time to Read: 20 minutes or less

Fighting Gold

Guido Mista was pacing around the center carpet of the secret turtle room, ranting to himself as Giorno and Trish looked on. The eccentric man was amazing with a pistol, but when it came to other topics he could be difficult.

“I’m not going there,” Mista said, “If it was on any other street, maybe, sure as a favor, but on that street, never!”

Trish watched him as she sipped a bottle of mineral water through a straw. It seemed no matter how insane their travels became, there were some personality quirks that would never change.

Giorno didn’t seem to be paying much attention, and was reading a newspaper they had received from the other members of Bucciarti’s team before they left to scout ahead. Occasionally he looked up, and then turned his turquoise eyes back down.

Trish stopped sucking on her mineral water, and pursed her painted lips together, “Why can’t you go, exactly?”

“Forgetting that it is a bad idea, and that Bucciarti told us to stay hidden while they check out the island,” Mista stopped pacing, and his face twisted into an annoyed expression.

Trish rolled her hands in the air, hoping something would get him to finish his thought.

“That market is on 4th street!” Mista shouted, “I can’t shop there. You’ll just have to make do with that water, we can worry about the rest later.”

“Worry about it later?” Trish said while looking up from her bottle, “I’ve been worrying about it since we left venice.”

Giorno dropped his newspaper and looked at the other two, “What is this about?”

Mista stiffened up, “What? This? She wanted me to do some shopping for her, before we go and try to find out the Boss’s identity.”

The golden-haired boy looked over at Trish, who turned her eyes away and went back to sipping at her mineral water.

“This isn’t the time for shopping,” Giorno said, “we should be hiding out. If there are anymore assassins, they might catch us out in the open. Bucciarti went over this.”

Mista chuckled, scratching at his neck before turning back to Trish, “Exactly Giorno, that’s what I told her. She wouldn’t believe me. Then she tried to have me go to that market place, I would have died for sure.”

Giorno went to pull his newspaper up, and then immediately dropped it again, “What were you going to buy?”

Trish tilted her head, “Not that it is any of your business, but some of us don’t like being stuck in the same underpants for so long. I haven’t had a chance to change since we left.”

Giorno furrowed his brow, “That’s silly, this is a life or death situation. We just almost died in that plane and you’re worried about underpants?”

“All the more reason to be worried!” Trish said as she sat up in her seat, “What if I had died in the same panties I’d been wearing for a week? That’s disgusting!”

Mista’s stance shifted, and he scratched at his waistband as he thought about it.

Giorno shook his head and stood up from his seat, “Mista, we should check the area again. Make sure it is still clear of any actual danger.”

The boys went to the center of the room, and then their bodies were stretched and enlarged until Trish could see them at their full size through the window at the top of the secret room.

It seemed that they still didn’t understand her situation. She knew it would be difficult being the only girl in a group of guys, but she never expected they would be fine living in filth. Before all of this started she only drank parisian water and wore designer brands. Now she would kill for a shower, at least, and a change. It was unhealthy to be in such inhumane conditions for so long.

She understood that the others, especially Bucciarti, were risking their lives. They were doing it not only for their own safety, but for hers as well. Still, there were limits to what she could endure. Especially when she didn’t know how much longer they were going to be on the run.

Trish got up from her seat and looked out the glass of the turtle’s hidden room. There was no sign of Giorno or Mista anymore. If she was fast, she could run and grab a fresh change from that market, and be back before anyone noticed. They would all come back safe with the name of her father, and no one would even know she had left.

She exited the turtle, her mineral water in hand. They hid it in a small tourist booth, next to a bench. It was in an oddly open location, but she didn’t wait to question it. She tossed a brown cloak over her shoulders and started on her way into the little town on the beach of Sardinia.

Most of the people in the little town seemed to be tourists from the mainland. Couples walking around with bags from this shop or another. Trish tried to seem inconspicuous, but between the drab cloak over her hair, and her fashionable skirt, someone was going to notice her for one or the other. Mista and Giorno were right, it was a bad idea to come. But she was already on 4th street, and at that point it was smarter to finish what she started and make it back just like she planned.

She spotted a boutique, a small shop with dark blue exterior paint. There was a mannequin in the window in a cute orange skirt with a matching top. She could already guess which label it belonged to as she spotted it. That store would have what she needed. Trish ducked inside, dropping the cloak and shaking her hair back to proper form.

“Uhm,” an older woman in a wide-shouldered dress suit cleared her throat to get Trish’s attention from across the store. “I’m glad you came in but uhm, no food or drink.”

The woman pointed to a sign there by the entrance. Trish rolled her eyes at the woman. She didn’t know who she was talking to, so she could be forgiven for bothering Trish with small inconveniences. Then again, it would be a waste to throw the rest of the bottle out.

Trish put a finger up to stop the other woman, then began to take heavier sips through her straw. As the woman watched, Trish finished the second half of the bottle, then handed it over.

“You can throw that out,” Trish said as she went to check out the stock of the boutique.

The woman almost dropped the bottle as it was handed to her, and gave a little huff of frustration before she went back behind the front counter to toss it.

Trish’s main regret was that she didn’t have much money left on her. Some of the labels there were top of the line, and she could see herself in all of them. New tops, beautiful skirts, luxurious dresses. Some of the colors were a little out of season, but she couldn’t blame a little store in a tourist trap for that.

“Miss?” The woman said as she walked to the opposite side of a display from Trish, “is there any particular item you are shopping for?”

Trish looked away from the woman, moving to the next item. She grumbled under her breath, “Anything that doesn’t reek of seawater will do.”

“Excuse me?”

“Nothing,” Trish said, standing up and heading to a stack of blouses.

The movement actually made her realize that she needed the restroom. She drank a whole mineral water earlier, then moved on to her second before Mista started his rant. After the situation with that enemy stand on the plane, she just wanted something to keep her calm. It was supposed to be comforting, now she was paying for it. At least she wasn’t in that turtle though, last time when Bucciarti tried to make her use… she shook the thought.

“Do you have a bathroom?” Trish asked over her shoulder.

“Excuse me?” The woman said again, it was starting to annoy Trish.

“You know, to use the restroom.”

The woman hesitated, and looked around, “Oh, uh, employees only I’m afraid.”

Trish frowned, and clicked her tongue. Usually that would be fine, but she could already feel all that water building up. It was a bit of a walk back to the waterfront where that strange turtle was. She would have to cut her trip short, just grab the essentials.

“Panties,” Trish said.

“Huh?”

“Take me to your undergarment section.” Trish pointed at the woman, and the older woman nodded and pointed the way.

There wasn’t much there, actually. But there didn’t need to be. Center to it all were an absolutely cute pair. Trish picked them up and looked them over. Black, lace trim, delicate but comfortable material. They would hide well. Besides, anything was better than the week worn pair she was wearing. Even better, they were the perfect size despite being the last pair of that brand.

“If I can put these on in the dressing room, I’ll take them.”

The woman gave a nervous nod, and they proceeded to the counter. Trish pulled a clammy wad of bills out of her top, counted enough off, and handed them over to the woman at the register. The woman took the money with a smile, and then pointed to a small curtained off room at the back as she shoved the cash in the register.

Trish took her newly purchased underpants and headed to put them on. Just like she thought, fast and easy. She would get out, find some bathroom along the walk home, and be done with this in time to get back before anyone knew she was gone.

The panties slipped on perfectly. She knew her eyes hadn’t failed her, they were a great fit. The waist was a little tight against her body, sending a shiver through her midsection as her mind wandered to her bladder, but hopefully that would fade away when she relieved herself.

She stepped out of the dressing room and looked for the older woman. No one else was in the boutique. Her product was paid for, and she didn’t really want to talk to the woman anymore anyway, so she shrugged and took her leave.

Back on the street, she wrapped her cloak around her shoulders and looked up and down the street. A block further away, she could see a diner. It had little outdoor tables with umbrellas above to block out the sun. If she was in a different situation, she would have stopped to enjoy a bite to eat. But right now she just wanted their toilet.

As Trish walked past a couple sitting at a table out front of the diner, she noticed their eyes on her. She didn’t have time for paranoia, not now.

She walked through the door, and a man with a wide stomach and apron was standing in her way on the opposite side. Trish looked around him to see if she could spot a bathroom, and she saw what she wanted in the far corner, a sign on the wall pointing to the ‘il bagno’.

“What do you want?” The man asked in a gruff and low voice. He had a clear pitcher in his hands with water to refill for the customers outside.

“Just your restroom.”

The man didn’t move, except for his eyes to peer over to his left, the direction of the bathroom.

“That’s for customers.” His voice was direct, stern. This was a conversation he must have had in the past, telling off random people using his diner as nothing more than a piss pot.

Trish wasn’t just anyone. She wasn’t a vagrant.

“I just need to go quickly, I’ll buy something after.” Trish said as she started to step past him.

The man’s arm moved out to block her path. “No, you can buy something now, or you can leave.”

She felt a twinge of pain from her lower abdomen. Maybe it was the pressure, or walking around, but the mineral water was moving faster than she ever could have predicted. She squeezed her lower muscles, and shook her head.

“I… yes, give me a moment.” She dug into her top and fished around for her money. Then she remembered that she just finished shopping at the boutique. All she had left was a small amount of change. She fished it out and looked at it, and the man looked down at the wadded up cash she was clutching.

“Can I get, some water?” Trish asked with a reluctant look up.

He moved the pitcher further from her, the water swishing around as he did. Her eye caught the swirling liquid, and she felt a ping in her bladder.

“I’m not letting you ruin my restroom for a cup of water,” He said, “buy lunch, or go.”

Trish stood up, and stamped her foot. “What is this? You won’t even take a customer? Is this how you treat people at your business!?”

She raised her voice loud enough that she hoped people around would notice her. When she peered one way, she saw a man walking down the street look away, on her other side the couple eating were watching their plate. There was a man around the corner of the building, peering at her after she started making a scene, but based on his eyes she was sure he just wanted to leer at her.

The owner of the diner grumbled, “Get out of here, you beggar!” He used his free hand to grab her wrist, her little bit of change falling to the ground, and pulled her hand up over her head.

She shrieked in alarm, her heart beating faster, her legs kicking out at him as she tried to pull away. Her cloak fell off, and the man immediately let her go.

When she looked up at him again, he seemed embarrassed. She was panting as her heart rate went back down. She looked around her, and now she had everyone’s attention. Did her appearance in her cloak make them think she was some nobody? She should have known.

Trish stood up tall, and immediately regretted it. Pain went through her pelvis as her bladder swished and let out an alarm. She grunted and bent at the waist.

“Sorry, I thought…” The man stammered, “I mean, you looked like.”

“Can I get a water?” Trish said as she forced herself to stand again. She wasn’t going to humiliate herself in front of this nobody. She just needed the bathroom, she was fine.

He reached inside and grabbed a glass, then used the pitcher to fill it. The sound of the waterfall was like knives in her stomach, and she tried to minimize how much her legs were trembling at the sound. He filled the glass high, and then handed it over.

Trish thought about bending over to pay, and the pain it would bring. Instead she grabbed the glass and looked the man in the eyes. “You can get the money yourself.”

He looked down and bent over to pick up the change.

Trish started to drink. The water was delicious, refreshing, but every gulp of the drink made her want to drop the glass on the spot and speed-walk toward the bathroom. She told herself this still wasn’t an emergency, but the line between emergency and painful annoyance was fading by the second. She finished the glass, and let out a satisfying gasp. The man was finished grabbing the money, so Trish gave him his glass back and made a dismissive motion to get him to move out of the way.

He stepped back, and she stepped into the diner. Crossing the diner was no problem, and thankfully no one was in the restroom. She made it, she was safe. She locked the door behind her, and prepared for her sweet relief.

The bathroom was generously described as a hole in the floor surrounded by ceramic. There was a chain overhead to flush the whole apparatus with water once she was finished. It was someone’s definition of clean, no signs of someone else’s business, but the walls and tiles were disgusting. Trish didn’t have the time or energy to worry about that. Now that she was safe, her bladder was already making preparations for what came next.

She pulled up her long skirt, and tried to get her fingers into the waistband of her new black panties. Her fingers slipped on the lacy material. She huffed, and went again, but she couldn’t quite get hold of them. It was nerves, she was sure of it. So she took a calm breath, and tried to pull her panties down again.

Her fingers gripped the material just fine, but she couldn’t get anything between her body and the thin material. When she tried to pull the underwear away from herself, it was like yanking at her own skin.

“Yowch!” She hissed as the soft skin just above her pubic area was pinched with the effort of trying to yank at the panties.

Trish’s bladder rebelled. She didn’t know if it was because of her jostling her panties around, or just frustration that she was standing right in front of relief and couldn’t get it, but her lower body trembled and her legs tensed as she paused and concentrated. She wasn’t going to have an accident, not when she was this close. It wasn’t that bad yet, just a little painful.

“Get off of me, you overpriced little…” Trish growled to herself as she tried other means. She tried to pull from below at her thigh, the panties stayed flush to her skin. She even tried the most brash tactic of pulling the gusset aside, only to find herself tugging on her most sensitive skin.

“Why, why, why!” She whispered as her heart rate began to quicken. This wasn’t just tight clothing, she wasn’t too nervous or sweaty to get a good grip. There was something more going on here.

There was a knock at the door to the bathroom, and a spark went up Trish’s spine as she stood up straight.

“Excuse me?” Said a woman’s voice outside, “is someone in there?”

Trish turned on the door. Now just the action of moving her legs was enough to cause concern. This was getting worse, she didn’t have time to deal with some idiot.

“It is locked, isn’t it?” Trish replied.

“Are you going to be long?” The woman asked, her voice growing quiet.

“That’s none of your business!” Trish snapped, and she could hear the woman on the other side take a step back.

“Rude!”

“Hmph!” Trish snorted at the woman, but then her bladder twinged with pressure and she bent over at the waist.

One knee went over the other as she tried to contain herself. She grumbled to herself as the pressure grew and grew in a wave. As the wave hit its peak, she forced a hand between her legs and held herself. The action made her blush, both from frustration and humiliation.

“Okay, you’re coming off right now!” Trish shouted.

“No, I don’t think I will.” Whispered a man’s voice. It was a slimy voice, like every man that has cat-called girls at night was fused into one being.

Trish looked around, unsure where the voice was coming from. No one was in the room with her, which left very few options as to what was going on.

“Down here, sweetie.”

Trish looked down between her locked knees at the soft black material that had become such a hassle. She could just barely sense it, like pulses of energy coming off of the panties.

An enemy stand! She thought as she gasped. She was only away from the others for a few minutes, and she was already under attack! How did they know where she was going to go, did they know she needed to buy new panties? Was this just bad luck?

“See, you won’t be taking these off until I say so, understand beautiful? Which means for now, you can just stand there and squirm.”

She only learned about her own stand recently, and she didn’t understand everything about how they worked. But she knew that if there was someone with a stand, then they probably worked for Passione, and therefore wanted to harm her.

“What do you want me to do? If you want to kill me, could you at least let me… have some relief first?” Trish asked, trying to avoid the mounting problem.

“Why would I want to kill you?” The man said, “We are going to become good friends, and now that you’re wearing Iron Maiden you won’t find any relief until I’ve had mine, kekeke!”

Trish’s skin crawled as the man started to laugh. But she noted a few bits of information. It was definitely a stand, and with quite a name. The user was a creep of the worst kind. Did he want to see her suffer? What a pervert! The last part was still an unanswered question, but she didn’t think he knew who she was. If that was true, maybe he wasn’t part of Passione.

Unfortunately, that meant that if she revealed her stand, she would give herself away. They were a rare power. Even if this guy was an idiot, he would know that if she had a stand she was either with Passione or with Bucciarti’s team.

She needed to find a way to stop the stand, or the user. That much she knew.

“I hope you don’t think you’re just going to get to stand around in there. Come back onto the street, missy.”

Trish could feel another wave of pressure in her bladder, and she squeezed her thighs as it hit her. She groaned, and looked down to the floor as she put both hands between her legs.

“Why are you doing this? Please just let me go in peace.” She looked around, “I’ll pay you!”

“Stop wasting time, you won’t be able to hold all of that beautiful… uhmhm, you won’t be able to hold out forever. If you want me to let you go, then do everything I say. Otherwise, the urges will just get worse, understand?”

As if on cue, her bladder spasmed. For the first time, she was actually afraid she would leak. Her muscles were growing tired, and with one pulse right after another, she was unprepared. She yelped and went back to bending forward.

“I understand, I understand. I’m coming out, you creep.” She said.

She opened the door to the restroom and headed back out into the diner. The stress between her legs was a constant ache at this point. She could barely walk normally, every other step requiring her to change her gait.

Out in the diner was a portly woman who was yelling at the owner. When Trish came out the owner looked in her direction. He looked her up and down, and immediately Trish was sure that he could tell she was still walking strange. Did he suspect the truth, that she forced her way into his diner just to never use his bathroom?

The angry client demanded his attention again, and Trish was thankful. She walked past him without a word and headed back onto the street.

As soon as she stepped out she looked up and down the street. There weren’t too many people there. A few men walking down the street together, an old woman tending to a flower shop, a man leaning against a building across the way with his head down, a gruff looking man on a bike. No one looked like a stand user, no one looked like they were expecting her. Any of them could be the user, any of them were torturing her.

“Okay,” she said out loud, looking around, “what now?”

There was a pause, and for a moment Trish was worried that she was just being strung along. Her bladder trembled, and she squeezed her thighs while she tried not to look like a woman on the verge of a mortifying accident.

She could feel her muscles growing tired. Her legs felt too sweaty, and beads were collecting on her brow and neck. One hand was gripped into a tight fist, and the other was on the waist of her skirt. Every instinct told her that she would have to pull her panties down at any moment, but logic told her that she couldn’t even if she wanted to.

“I wanted to get a good look at you,” Said that man in his sleazy voice, “you look like a real stuck up bitch, but a hot one. You’ll do just fine.”

He was talking, but she still couldn’t see anyone watching her. She was frantically thinking, where is he?

“Well?” She said, stepping away from the door and taking small steps down the street, “what next?”

“You’ll keep walking until I say to stop.” He said, “Keep your hands away from that cunt of yours, and keep your head up. Don’t try anything.”

What did he think she was going to try? Trish pulled her hands up, crossing her arms across her chest just under her black top. She did just as she was told. She walked along the side of the street, her eyes scanning back and forth for any sign of the enemy.

She only recently came to know about her stand, Spice Girl. The power of it was incredible, but she was also unsure of its limitations. Making anything soft and elastic couldn’t help her take out another stand, which could defend against those attacks. Unless, the stand couldn’t defend itself for some reason.

The pain was growing too intense, and Trish felt another wave coming on. For a moment she was afraid it was the end. She took a stuttering step forward, her hand first going to her groin before she remembered the stand user’s command. So instead her hand shot out, and ran into a man walking past her.

“Are you okay?” The young man said as he put a comforting hand on her shoulder.

Her knees were wobbling, and she could feel her pelvic muscles pulsing as if they would fail at any moment. Tears welled up in her eyes, but she blinked them away. She refused to give this creep the pleasure.

“Get rid of him!” The stand user shouted in a disembodied voice, “Or you lose, all over the street, kekeke.”

She felt a strange sensation below her waist, then realized what it was. Iron Maiden was tightening around her. It was slight and almost impossible to notice. With all the pressure there, she noticed every centimeter of room lost!

“Get away from me!” Trish shouted as she slapped the man away. She forced herself to stand, despite the drops of sweat on her face and the wobble in her legs.

The man took a step to the side, his eyes wide with surprise. “Fine, crazy bitch!”

He walked away, and Trish continued her walk with hastily constructed confidence.

“Good, good,” The stand user said, “You look like you’re reaching your limit. Should I push you over the edge? Sounds like fun, and Iron Maiden does love a good… hmph, nevermind.”

Was he planning to just make her walk until she could no longer hold it all in? He really was a monster, lower than any animal or man! If only Bucciarti was here. He would have some way to solve all of this. But while alone, she was going to have to come up with a solution herself.

And one presented itself.

Trish was at her limit, she knew that much. But she couldn’t see the stand user, which meant that he was probably at some remote location observing her. He wanted her on the street so that wherever he was, he could watch her and see what she did. She couldn’t talk to people or touch anyone because he wouldn’t know everything that was happening. While he could talk to her over a distance, it was possible his Iron Maiden didn’t know more than the fact that she was wearing it. That meant she had a chance, if she could get out of sight even temporarily.

An alley between two shops was up ahead, just a few steps away. Trish kept walking as normally as she could manage while she was mere seconds away from unleashing a waterfall down her legs for all of Sardinia to see.

She kept walking, keeping an eye out for any sign of her assailant. There was still no one, her plan could work if she could just execute it fast enough.

“I don’t understand what you want,” Trish said in a low voice, “I just wanted to buy some new panties, I don’t deserve any of-”

She cut herself short. She was right beside the alley. It had a large barrel in it, and some boxes. Perfect cover for what she needed to do. She ran, not an action she took lightly. Her bladder immediately rebelled at the action, but if this went right she would be free in mere moments!

“Spice Girl!” She said as she vanished into the alley.

“What are you doing you dumb bimbo!” He shouted.

Trish had a plan, and it wasn’t dumb. A thought occurred to her as she tried to put a plan together. Iron Maiden wasn’t just a stand. Stands were less than physical, though they were capable of influencing the physical world. To people without stands, they were invisible. But Iron Maiden was real, a physical object. The stand seemed to either be in the shape of, or inhabiting, a pair of black panties. Which gave Trish the idea that Spice Girl could affect it. If that was true, then Spice Girl could make the panties soft enough for her to slip out of. Then she could find relief behind the boxes in the alleyway!

Spice Girl appeared as she called, and Trish pulled her skirt aside. The pink-gold stand pulled its hand back and went to strike at the waistband of Iron Maiden. It threw out a series of attacks, but just before the first strike landed Trish could feel a difference from the panties.

Her stand hit her waist and Trish let out a desperate squeal.

Reverberations went through her lower body, as if her insides were temporarily becoming gelatin. She stopped in place, her legs no longer willing to move. The built up urine inside of her sloshed around as she felt all of her muscles weaken at once.

“You absolute moron!” The man shouted, “Did you think that would work?”

Trish felt a hot jet leave her, and her knees clasped together.

“No, no, no,” she whispered to herself. Spice Girl looked on with an expression between determination and confusion. She didn’t know why her plan didn’t work.

“Iron Maiden can turn any attack on itself back onto the wearer!”

Another hiss of urine escaped before she cut it off. It was a tiny leak, but her face flushed with the shame of what happened. She could barely move. It was everything she could do not to release the torrent trapped inside her.

“But you’re a stand user huh? You know what that means?” The enemy stand user said, “That means you have to do what I say, or I’m going to have the worst kind of fun with you.”

Trish shoved her hands between her legs. There was still a chance she could stop this. It was just a tiny leak. Maybe that was all she needed to hold out, that little release of pressure.

“Walk back to the street!”

Trish shook her head, “No! I won’t!”

“Do it now! Or this gets much worse for you, kekeke.”

She needed a new plan, or she was never going to get out of Iron Maiden. For the moment, she had to play along. He knew she was a stand user now. If he was Passione, then it was only a matter of time until he realized she was with Bucciarti. So she took a small step back toward the street. One at a time, she made her way back to the streets of people ignorant to the battle happening both within Trish and around her.

Her hope that the pressure would recede was foolish. Even as she put one foot in front of the other, she could feel a new wave mounting. Her legs weren’t moist yet, so the gusset of the cursed black panties had to be absorbing everything so far. But if she leaked again, it would slip down those long legs of hers. She knew it, and there would be no hiding it.

She got to the street. Her head was down as she concentrated on the impossible task of keeping so much water away from the small hole it wanted to escape from.

“What now?” She growled, “You creep!”

“Say cheese,” said a man on the street with a raspy voice.

Trish looked up in surprise. There was a man there wearing a hooded brown jacket with edges shaved into jagged cuffs with yellow-gold trim. His pants were an ugly off-green. His hair was disheveled and green, but swept off to one side.

But what shocked Trish more was the camera in his hand. It looked professional, with a long zoom lens, pointed right at her.

He was going to film her humiliation! That couldn’t happen!

Trish went to turn, but she was too far along. The mere act of moving, of trying to turn, send another pulsing pain through her bladder and made it convulse.

“Ah!” Trish gasped as she felt a long spray escape her. It was audible to her, and she wondered if the couple walking behind her could hear it as well. “No.”

The man with the camera grinned and snapped a shot.

“No!” Trish screamed. But her muscles were weak, her legs trembled. Spice Girl manifested and charged forward to strike, then froze in mid-air as a loud hissing emanated from Trish.

She blinked away tears, and her knees shifted away from each other by instinct alone. Another hiss began, and this one didn’t stop. She was pissing herself, like a child. There was no denying it, and no stopping it. The relief made her lip tremble, and her body refused to move until the deed was complete. She could feel the panties clinging to her as her weakened hole released more and more into her underwear.

People were stopping on the street now, looking at her as she stood in an awkward half-squat with her leg exposed by the long slit of her skirt.

She could hear a pattering sound on the brick street below her. It didn’t sound like enough for how much she was releasing, the endless sizzling torrent of her voiding bladder, but it was enough to make sure everyone knew that Trish Una wasn’t potty trained.

The camera snapped again, and again, and the tears Trish fought back earlier fell freely now.

“Does it feel good?” The man said through his stand, the voice in her head, “Don’t worry, you can piss for days into Iron Maiden. It will drink up almost all of it, almost.”

The trickling down her legs grew louder as Trish closed her eyes in a last attempt to escape the people gossiping and pointing at her. The relief was immense, her weakened muscles between her shapely legs feeling more sensitive than ever. Her knee twitched as she felt the last bits of pee flowing out of her and onto the street.

“Delicious, exquisite, beautiful!”

Trish fell to her knees and sobbed there in the street.

“I’m going to have a lot more fun with you.” The stand user said, “I am Amaro Grappa, and you are mine now, little stand user.”

Trish growled and looked up. Spice Girl manifested again and charged, but the man with the camera was gone. There was just a street of people gawking at her and the puddle she was kneeling in.

She got to her feet and ran back into the alley on weak knees. She had to find this Amaro Grappa and get herself free, and before he divulged anything to Passione!

$$

