The Wife Who Had To Hold It

Author: FullBladder85

*008*2017-03-02 00:45

=====

(The Wife Who Had To Hold It, Part #5)

Now that Kate was finally home, my plan to delay her much needed relief for as long as possible after work had begun. Kate had already gone over 93 hours wetting a drop, but I intended to add quite a few hours to that number by the end of the night. I had worked hard to prepare for it.

Earlier today I hadn't actually gone to a client's site as I implied to Kate. I had gone to one of our company's own sites out in the field, and taken one of our clients out there to see the site. Because this client had flown in a long way to visit, I had been told that I was expected to take him out to dinner. I had told my boss that wouldn't be a problem, and said that I'd even take Kate along with me. Normally we didn't take our take our spouses out to business dinners with a client. But since me and Kate worked for the same company, and my boss knew how good Kate was at charming our clients, my boss was fine with the idea.

My client was a Japanese man in his 50's named Reno. He knew nothing of how long I had gone without a piss earlier, only that I had taken a long bathroom break around 2 PM. He did know that I had drank a lot of water however. And he knew nothing about Kate being so desperate for a bathroom break of her own after over 93 hours of holding it in. Despite Kate's desperate plight, I was hopeful that she could keep Reno ignorant of how desperate she was for a piss.

Kate to her credit started out quite strong, she knew she couldn't fidget in front of Reno, so she kept her legs together and still as she shook his hand. Kate glanced over at me, and gave me a look that said 'I'm up to your challenge Karl', with a strong streak of pride in her eyes.

"I had no idea you were inviting a dinner guest Karl, it would have been nice if you had texted me that" said Kate after she shook Reno's hand. "Where were you thinking of going for dinner?"

"Why Le Fuite of course, we both love that place and I'm sure Reno will as well. I already made reservations for us earlier in the day" I answered. Le Fuite was the fanciest restaurant in town with the most delicious food, but also with a strict dress code. They often had someone playing soothing music to entertain their guests, they had several small fountains inside as decorations to. More importantly though, they also had very slow service, me and Kate considered it quick when we were there were just an hour and a half.

Because of the strict dress code at Le Fuite I had already changed into a suit and jacket. I had stopped at the hotel room Reno was saying at so he could switch into his own suit and jacket to. While Le Fuite strongly preferred women wear dresses instead of women's pants suits, we both knew they'd be fine with the pants suit Kate already had on. However we also both knew that the boots Kate had on, while fashionable, would never pass the dress code test. Le Fuite only let women wear high heels.

"Pardon me then while I go change into more appropriate footwear boys" said Kate as she headed for our bedroom. I followed behind Kate just enough to be able to make sure that she really made a right turn into the bedroom, and not a left turn into the bathroom. Kate either heard or sensed me following her, because she stopped at the door to the bedroom, turned around, and gave me a look of fierce determination before entering our bedroom. I knew that look, it was Kate's way of silently saying she was too strong and prideful to give up so easily to my unexpected challenge.

Once in the bedroom by herself Kate kicked off her fashionable boots and allowed herself to grip her crotch and squirm in desperation for a moment. Kate was so close to the toilet now, it was right across the bedroom door. Part of Kate was going out of her mind over being so desperate to piss for nearly 4 days already. But even so, Kate's pride wouldn't allow her to just give up in the face of my added challenge so easily.

Even bending down sent shockwaves through Kate's bursting bladder. Kate moaned as she bent down to grab a pair of high heels from her closet, and she nearly lost her bladder's heavy load in the process. In her haste Kate didn't even look at what pair of high heels she had randomly grabbed, she just knew that she just had to sit down on the bed quickly, before the difficulty of bending down defeated her iron bladder. Kate prayed she had picked two high heels that were a pair as she half ran half hobbled back to the bed. It was only after sitting down on the bed and double crossing her legs in desperation that Kate looked at the pair of high heels she had selected. Kate shuddered as another jolt shot through her desperate bladder when she saw which pair she had chosen.

Kate had randomly grabbed the worst pair of high heels imaginable in her current plight. She had grabbed her 6 inch stiletto heels without platforms. Kate wanted to scream at herself for being so stupid and not paying attention. Kate felt a renewed urgency in half of her brain to rush to the toilet and finally piss a huge gusher at long last. And yet the too prideful and too daring part of Kate's brain told her she could handle any pair of high heels no matter the added difficulty. Kate felt possessed by the daring part of her brain, as her pride won out over taking the easy way out. Kate slipped the 6 inch stiletto heels on, even though she knew what hellish torture they'd be on a bladder that hadn't peed in nearly 4 days.

Kate took several deep breathes as she tried to calm the spasming in her bladder down a bit, before she finally stood up again. Kate felt like a bomb had gone off in between her legs as her bladder muscles down there complained fiercely about the high heels. Kate grit her teeth and gave her desperate pussy one last grab with both hands before she made herself calmly walk past the bathroom and back towards me and Reno at the front door. If it had been just me and Kate then my jaw would have surely dropped when I realized that Kate had chosen her tallest and most painful to walk in high heels. Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine Kate would willingly torture her own bladder so much when I sprung my plans for a long evening out on her. Kate gave me a stubborn look of pride, as if saying 'look how strong and daring of a wife you have Karl'. Me and Kate both noted that Reno revealed a big grin as he saw how sexy Kate looked in her high heels.

With that Kate led the way out the front door, still projecting a calm demeanor and maintaining her composure even in her stiletto heels. Since I knew how desperate Kate already was and how bad her driving would obviously be I of course volunteered to drive. Kate offered to let Reno sit up front, but he refused, saying "the lady should sit up front with her husband". So Kate sat in the front passenger seat next to me, while Reno sat behind me.

Kate was no doubt extremely tempted to grip her pussy in desperation as she sat to me, but with Reno in the car she simply couldn't, she had to maintain her composure. So my prideful Kate had to settle for constantly readjusting her legs every other minute, and resting a hand over her crotch without actually gripping it.

I had little doubt from Kate's tense body language that the pressure her tight clothing was still applying to her rock hard bladder bulge had only gotten much more unbearable for her since she had left for work. But still, Kate gripped down her bladder's iron sphincter muscles and continued to hold on despite the unbearable pressure her bursting bladder was under. Kate already knew it was too late to back out now, by leaving home unrelieved again she had committed herself to holding on until we got back home. Kate had no choice but to put on a happy face for Reno and be a strong wife who could always wait just a little longer whenever necessary.

We arrived at Le Fuite shortly after 6:30 PM. Usually we had to stand in line and wait at least 10 minutes just to get in Le Fuite. Today however we were quickly taken back to a private booth, which was surely a relief to Kate, especially in her high heels. I'm not sure how Kate would have ever been able to handle standing in a line for 10 minutes while desperately attempting to maintain her composure. Me and Kate sat together on one side of the booth, with me on the aisle seat, while Reno sat on the other side of the booth by himself.

But Kate hadn't completely lucked out with where we were sat down. One of the small fountains at Le Fuite was nearby, clearly visible if we looked in the direction of the aisle. The noise of its flowing water was also loud enough for us to hear it quite clearly from our booth even when we talked. While Kate tried to hide it, I caught her grimacing in displeasure at the seating location. No doubt the constant sound of running water was the last noise Kate wanted to hear when she was so near going 4 whole days without a leak.

And on top of all that, though Reno tried to hide it, it was clear he was having a hard time keeping his eyes off of my sexy Kate. I couldn't say I blamed him, but all his attention made it even more important for Kate to not fidget around obviously in desperation. Reno wouldn't remain clueless forever of her plight if she constantly squirmed around in her seat like she desperately wanted to.

Because the restaurant knew us well enough, they quickly provided me and Kate each with a pitcher of water when we both ordered water to drink. They knew it was easier to do that then constantly refill our glasses. We also ordered our meals at the same time. Kate was extra thirsty after not grabbing a bottle of water for the ride home like she usually did. So Kate bravely downed a glass of water in just a few minutes, and bravely poured herself a second glass despite her bursting bladder's urgent complaints, and the sounds of running water nearby.

The three of us continued to talk for a while, with Reno still keeping his eyes on Kate a majority of the time. While I wasn't told I was supposed to be talking about business while out to dinner with Reno, a lot of our talking ended up focusing on the subject. Kate played her part in those discussions, using her feminine charm and good looks to keep Reno happy.

By the time the clock hit 7 PM Kate had downed 3 glasses of water since entering Le Fuite. In the back of her desperate mind Kate knew she was in trouble if she kept drinking like this. By her count she had already downed over 3 gallons of water and coffee today, and the night was still young.

Me and Reno on the other hand had drank 2 glasses each during the same period. While I was of course still fine due to building up a stronger bladder over the years thanks to Kate's encouragement, Reno wasn't.

"I think that running water is working wonders on my bladder" said Reno, referring to the nearby fountain. "I will be back after a visit to the restrooms, do either of you need to join me?".

The clear answer for Kate was obviously hell yes after she had just reaching the 94 hours without a piss mark. Thanks to the constant sound of running water in the background Kate felt close to being on the verge of involuntarily letting out a huge spurt of piss in between her legs. But for the sake of her pride Kate of course had to lie, had to keep playing the strong wife, and had to keep holding it, as she told Reno "not at all, don't worry we'll save your seat".

With Reno gone, me and Kate could finally get some alone time to verbally communicate in whispers. "I guess it's only karma that you sprung this hellish dinner on your strong wife after her cruel negotiation tactics earlier today" Kate told me in a lusty voice. Kate gave me a quick explanation of her negotiation with Courtney, and how she tried to keep Courtney from taking a much needed bathroom break after Courtney drank a lot of water and clearly needed a piss. Kate even included the part where she saw Courtney forced to resort to squatting between two parked cars to piss at the end of the day after Kate suggested she not to use the ladies room on the way out.

If I didn't have a hard on already from watching Kate gripping her crotch and squirming while Reno was away, Kate's story about Courtney definitely gave me one. "I never knew you had it in you to be so cruel Kate" I said in a mock scolding voice. "Let's just say karma has prepared more than just a long dinner in high heels to punish my naughty but strong wife".

My confession that I had more than just a long dinner planned before we got home didn't sit well with Kate's bursting bladder. Kate grit her teeth and rocked around her seat as both her hands shot to her crotch again to help fight off another wave of desperation. "Oh god" moaned Kate as she fought off her desperation, and dropped the pretense of being the strong wife who can always wait longer. "Karl I just want to get home so I can show off my rock hard bladder still holding strong to you, and you know what we'll do then".

I smiled at Kate, the fact that she had dropped the pretense of being the strong wife who could always hold it as long as necessary told me just how desperate she really was. I however wasn't done pretending she was. "Well in order to do that you'll need to keep on holding it in for now Kate. You've held it back for 94 hours already, but surely you can still wait until we're back home, however long away that may be" I whispered back to her. "I know my wife loves to say she's a strong woman who can always wait if she has to". Kate simply grit her teeth and nodded as her bladder began to settle down a bit.

Shortly after that Reno came back from the restroom, and we resumed talking. As before Reno kept taking a lot of glances at my lovely Kate, and Kate was forced to control herself and maintain her composure instead of squirming around and gripping her crotch. Eventually our food finally arrived, and our pitchers of waters got refilled.

By 8 PM we were finally done our meal, and Kate had drank another 3 glasses of water, for a total of 6 since she entered Le Fuite. I had downed a few more glasses myself, and Reno had downed another glass to. At that point I decided it was time to reveal to Kate the next part of our evening that I had hinted to her earlier. I had been told to make sure that Reno had a good time tonight and would be in a good mood tomorrow. Well, I knew after talking with Reno yesterday on the phone just where he'd want to go next. And I knew having Kate with us, already in her best and most sexy pants suit outfit and stiletto heels would only make him want to go there more.

"Shall we head off to that nightclub Charco De Orina I told you about then Reno?" I asked. My eyes glanced to my side at Kate while I said this, and saw her grit her teeth when she realized what that met. It met she'd almost certainly have to dance on her stiletto high heels with both of us.

Reno however continued to notice nothing of Kate's plight as he answered "certainly Karl, this night club thing you told me about earlier sounds like fun. I enjoy dancing very much".

As we began to get up to leave our table, Kate slid herself over to the aisle, and carefully stood up slowly in her stiletto heels to try to avoid sending any shockwaves throughout her bursting bladder. Reno thought Kate's hesitation was for a different reason, as he asked if she needed help keeping herself steady as she walked on her stiletto heels. Kate blushed as she realized Reno had noticed how unusual her movements were, but decided to go with it as she gratefully accepted his hand. She gripped one of my hands with her other arm as we walked out to the car together. By the time we got outside and headed to the car I thought Kate looked visibly relieved, no doubt from the sounds of Le Fuite's running water being behind her now.

The drive to Charco De Orina took less than 10 minutes. Like before Kate sat in the front passenger seat, and she had no choice but to maintain her composure and avoid squirming in desperation. Kate crossed her legs in what she hoped would pass to Reno for a normal position, and made a great effort not to keep readjusting her legs like a desperate woman would do.

When we got to Charco De Orina we got in right away, and fortunately for Kate there were actually a few tables still available, so we got to sit down. Reno suggested we dance first, but Kate insisted we sit down and start off with a beer first. I smiled at Kate's suggestion, and ordered each of us a large glass of beer (20 ounces/568 ML), and we drank and talked for a time.

Kate had obviously wanted to put off the dancing for a bit due to her stiletto heels and full bladder, but she couldn't put it off forever. By 8:30 PM when we had all finished our glass of beer I nudged Kate and gave her a look that she knew met it was time to offer to dance with us. Kate obviously really didn't want to with her bursting bladder so very full, but knew that as a supportive wife and co-hostess she needed to do her part to make sure Reno had a good time tonight.

"I'm ready to show you the joys of dancing in an American nightclub Reno, if my husband won't mind" said Kate as she steeled herself for her most difficult challenge of the night. I nodded and gave my consent of course. Kate nearly grit her teeth as she rested both hands on the table and stood up. Kate felt a jolt hit her aching bladder. But Kate was desperate to avoid showing any signs of weakness to me, and to not give Reno anymore hints of the dire state of her nearly overflowing bladder. So Kate simply ordered her iron bladder's sphincter muscles to grip down harder as she walked to the dance floor.

The next half hour was extremely difficult for Kate, who had to not only keep her bladder's dam shut, but not make it obvious to everyone she was so desperate to piss that she was nearly losing it. Kate's tight clothing, already pressing down hard on her rock hard bladder bulge, only seemed to press into her even more as she danced around. The added pressure her tight clothing was applying to her bladder was immense. And yet Kate had no option but to bear it and keep on dancing, unless she cared to admit the truth to Reno.

All the constant moving around when dancing was also of course not welcome to Kate's bursting bladder either. Kate wanted to keep her legs close together and wished she could leave both hands permanently gripping her crotch, but of course she couldn't do that, especially when she was dancing. And since Kate was desperately trying to hide her desperation, especially from Reno, Kate had to be extra careful to not dance so horribly that her 'major distraction' in between her legs would be obvious to him. And of course Kate still had to keep her bladder under control and her flood contained within, despite all the added pressure everything else was putting on it.

Even though Kate had never ever been a fan of wearing dresses or skirts, Kate found herself wishing she had worn a long dress instead of her tight pants suit while she danced. A dress wouldn't have been tight around her rock hard bladder bulge. A dress would also have given Kate a lot more freedom to cross and squirm her legs around without Reno or anyone else knowing.

Despite that massive difficulty, Kate somehow managed to survive 20 minutes of dancing with Reno without Reno being any wiser to her plight. At that point I took over for Reno and Reno sat back down at the table. This gave Kate a bit more freedom to mess up in her dancing and squirm subtly, but not much more with Reno watching us.

As we danced I asked Kate in whispers how she was coping with her bursting bladder. Kate starred into my eyes as we slow danced together, as if pondering what approach to take with her answer. Finally she settled for the strong wife approach.

"How do you think it feels Karl" Kate whispered back in a sexy tone. "Your strong wife is just a few minutes away from lasting 96 hours without leaking a drop. That's 4 full days of me not having any relief Karl". Kate reached a hand down to my groin to feel my hard on forming, and smiled as we continued to dance. "My pussy wants to explode and let Niagara falls out in between my legs" Kate added. "I need to pee so very badly, and yet I'm still somehow able to just barely hang on, for now. But I'm not sure how much longer I'm going to be able to keep holding the flood back".

When the clock hit 9 PM a few minutes later, officially 4 whole days since Kate had last pissed as she said, we returned to our seats. Kate's body language quickly got much more relaxed and less tense the moment she sat down. I watched Kate cross her legs behind the table, and give me a wink to say that she felt a lot better now sitting down. Kate was so relieved to be sitting down that she even smiled when I suggest we order more drinks. As the driver I didn't have any more alcohol, just some water. Kate however downed 3 more glasses of beer with Reno the next hour. Kate always did enjoy drinking alcohol at the nightclubs and bars.

If Kate hadn't built up such a tolerance to alcohol in the past she'd have been pretty drunk by now, instead of only modestly drunk. Still, I knew Kate was drunk enough to have a hard time walking on her stiletto heels without risking falling down. So when we headed to the car at 10 PM I put one arm underneath Kate's shoulder to help steady her whenever she had trouble with her stiletto heels.

We made a 10 minute drive to Reno's hotel to drop him off after the nightclub. The second Reno disappeared through the front door Kate immediately went into full desperation mode, gripping her crotch with both hands and crossing her legs. She even sat on one of her stiletto heels as she squirmed around in her seat.

"Home now, and hurry, I haven't peed in the last 97 hours" Kate hissed at me. "It's long past time I got a crack at that pisser after you got your third piss more than 8 hours ago".

I smiled and replied "don't worry Kate, I'll take the expressway, we'll be home in no time" as I drove away from the hotel.

Unfortunately for Kate I still had another trick up my sleeve to delay Kate's return home and her much needed trip to the toilet. The best part was I could do it without Kate even realizing I was doing it on purpose. Kate didn't know this part of town well, and she hadn't been checking up on traffic reports the last few days. Plus since she was drunk from all the beer she had drank Kate was less likely to put two and two together and get suspicious.

Kate was relieved when I went over 15 miles over the speed limit on the expressway. But her relief was shorted lived when after about 5 minutes of driving traffic suddenly slowed to a crawl and backed up endlessly.

"Oh fuck fuck fuck!" moaned Kate angrily as she looked at the line of traffic barely crawling more than 5 miles an hour ahead. "Why is this happening Karl? The roads should be nearly deserted at this late hour".

I knew exactly why it was happening. Work was being done on the road at night when not many people were travelling. Chances were they were forcing everyone to merge into one lane and get off at the same exit. But I didn't tell Kate that, instead I played dumb. "I don't know Kate, maybe someone got into a really bad accident or something? That's usually the cause of traffic suddenly slowing to a crawl on the expressway".

Kate moaned as she continued to squirm around desperately in her seat gripping her crotch. "Damn it Karl, take the first exit you can, I don't care where it goes, just get me home already" Kate urged. I had no doubt that it wasn't just Kate's bursting bladder but also the alcohol that was helping to wear down her patience.

Unfortunately for Kate, I had no control over the traffic no matter what she urged me to do. Our GPS wasn't any help either when we were crawling along at 5 miles an hour with no exit available to get off on. My suspicions about us being forced off at an exit turned out to be correct, though it took us close to a half an hour to get off the expressway. And then of course the back roads were a lot more crowded despite the late hour, so it took us longer then it should have on the back roads to get home.

All through the drive home Kate could have made things a bit easier on herself if she wanted to. Kate could have unbuckled her tight belt, and unbuttoned and unzipped her tight pants. While it wouldn't have gotten her to the toilet any quicker, it would relieved a lot of surely unbearable pressure pressing against her rock hard bladder bulge. It would have allowed her rock hard bladder bulge to expand some more like it badly wanted to, but couldn't thanks to Kate's tight clothing.

But of course my strong and prideful Kate never even reached for her belt buckle to undo it, nor would she have if she was sober and had drank some water over alcohol at the nightclub. Even in her most desperate situation ever, Kate's pride prevented her from doing the obvious to make things a bit easier on herself. Kate knew I'd see it as a major sign of weakness if she did such a thing, and that would have made it a big blow to her pride about her 'unbreakable' iron bladder she always bragged about.

Despite this added difficulty, Kate managed to make it home still dry just as the clock hit 11 PM, 98 hours since Kate had last taken a piss. Kate seemed reenergized by being home and so close to the toilet now. She reached into her purse and pulled out the key to the front door while I was parking the car. Then she got out of the car surprisingly quick in her stiletto heels and hurried to the front door ahead of me.

Kate didn't even give me the option to unlock the door for her, even as she fumbled desperately with the lock and had some trouble opening it. I heard Kate whispering "come on come on lock I gotta pee" to herself under her breath as she squirmed her legs around desperately. But finally Kate managed to unlock the front door, she quickly hobbled inside on her stiletto heels.

I closed and locked the front door behind me, and watched Kate lean her back against the wall and lift her legs one at a time so that she could remove the painful stiletto heels from her feet. Kate breathed a sigh of relief as she dropped the second stiletto heel to the ground.

Now that she was able to walk much faster and easier without the 6 inch stiletto heels on Kate hurried to the bathroom, with me following close behind. I heard Kate's fingers eagerly working on removing belt as she walked. Once outside the bathroom door however Kate groaned and turned around, desperately gripping with her crotch with both hands.

"I can't get it off Karl" Kate moaned in a slightly slurred voice. "It's so tight, it hurts so bad, but it's stuck, and it's making me have to pee a lot worse".

"What's wrong Kate, what's stuck" I asked.

"The belt buckle, it won't come off" Kate moaned. "I tried, but it's on so tight that I can't get to the button to open it. You have to help me Karl, I can't open it when I'm drunk like this".

I got down on my knees in front of Kate and took a closer look at Kate's belt, and quickly saw the problem. The button to unsnap the belt buckle was located on the back side of the buckle, which was rubbing hard against Kate's body thanks to her rock hard bladder bulge.

When I tried to reach my fingers back to open the belt Kate wasn't amused. "Oh god! Stop! What are you trying to do make me piss myself in my best clothing" Kate moaned as she doubled down in desperation gripping her crotch with both hands. Clearly I had sent some major jolts of desperation through her bladder with my attempts to unlock the belt.

"Kate I've got to press in hard down there to get at the latch to open the belt" I explained. "The only other option is to ruin the belt by cutting it off".

"No, that belt cost way too much, you can't destroy it" Kate moaned. "Alright, give me a minute to get ready first".

Kate sat herself down on the floor, gripping her crotch with both hands, and she squirmed her legs around and took a few deep breaths. After a few minutes Kate finally said "ok, I think I'm ready Karl". I didn't give Kate a chance to change her mind, I reached down to her belt right away and pushed hard to get one of my fingers behind the belt buckle. Kate moaned in desperation, and then pleasure as I snapped the buckle open, and pulled the belt off Kate's outfit.

Still sitting on the floor squirming around desperately, Kate quickly got to work unbuttoning her pants, and pulling the zipper all the way down. "Oh it feels so good to not have that pressure against my rock hard bladder bulge anymore Karl" moaned Kate as she kicked her pants off and removed her jacket. Kate soon had her shirt unbuttoned and off to, leaving her in just her bra and panties.

Me and Kate both looked down at Kate's enormous bladder bulge in astonishment. No longer hidden behind her clothing or prevented from expanding, Kate's bladder bulged out over 4 inches now. Kate looked up at my astonished face and smiled at me in pride.

"I told you I could hold it no matter how bad it got" Kate said with pride. "I think I've had over 4 gallons of water and other drinks today" Kate confessed in pride, "I thought I'd be able to pee when I got home from work, so I wasn't as hesitant to drink as I normally would when I'm this full already".

I smiled back at Kate, "you sure did Kate, I didn't think you could do it when I arranged an evening with Reno. I'm proud of you".

As if suddenly remembering what she had been trying to do Kate stood up carefully, still gripping her crotch. "The toilet, I gotta use the toilet" moaned Kate as she started to hobble the last few steps to the bathroom.

Just as Kate got inside the doorway to the bathroom I wrapped my arms around her from behind and stopped her in her tracks. "You know we can't let that rock hard bladder bulge of yours go to waste now Kate" I whispered in her ears.

Kate moaned, her eyes locked on the much needed white toilet bowl just 6 feet in front of her. It was just waiting for her so much and so long needed relief after over 98 hours of holding it. But the prideful part of Kate's mind knew I was right as she allowed me to half walk and half drag her away from the bathroom, and into our bedroom just a few feet across from it.

As I seated Kate on the bed and quickly began to undress Kate pleaded with me "please hurry Karl, I really can't wait much longer. I've never held it this long before".

Soon me and Kate were both naked and all over each other. We were both heavily turned on by Kate's extremely full bladder. Like last night I gently rubbed Kate's rock hard bursting bladder bulge from time to time during sex to feel just how full it was. Kate's bladder bulge was much harder and thicker than last night, and even rubbing a finger up against it caused Kate to moan and beg me to stop. I kept whispering words of encouragement to Kate and praise that she was still able to keep her iron bladder's dam shut for so long during our sex. From time to time Kate kept on involuntarily shuddering and squirming around as our sex sent more waves of desperation through her bursting bladder. Yet Kate was somehow still able to keep just barely holding on and not spring a leak.

Even though Kate had asked for me to make it quick, our sex dragged out for so long that it was nearly 12 AM midnight by the time we were finally done, 99 hours since Kate had peed. Kate nearly lost it at the end when I finally brought her to an orgasm, which triggered a much fiercer need to piss then before. Kate clawed madly at her crotch, trying anything she could to keep the massive loads of piss inside her while she screamed in pleasure.

When we finally finished Kate was somehow still just barely holding on. But Kate was so desperate after the extra strain our sex had put on her bladder that she couldn't even get up. She curled up with both her hands in a death grip over her pussy, and her almost triple crossed legs quivered fiercely as she rocked around in bed.

"I've gotta pee so badly, but if I move to get to the toilet I'll spring a gusher" Kate told me through her gritted teeth in a still slightly slurred voice from the alcohol.

I knew from the past that Kate would feel in control enough to rush to the toilet in a moment. So while I comforted her I decided to see if I could finally fulfill one more of my fantasies tonight while Kate was less inhibited from the alcohol.

"You know what would be even hotter than going for 99 hours without a piss Kate? Which would also help us conserve a bit more water" I asked her.

"I'm not holding it for another hour to reach 100 hours" moaned Kate as she forgot her pride, "my bladder is maxed out Karl".

"I didn't mean that Kate" I replied, "I was talking about trying out the urinal just once".

Kate rolled over to the edge of the bed as she answered "you know us girls can't do that without making a big mess. And I have a lot of piss in here to make a huge mess tonight if I tried". Kate grit her teeth, clearly readying herself to stand up and make a mad dash to the toilet.

"But Kate, when won't you have a lot of piss in there to make a huge mess the few times you pee every week?" I countered. "Don't worry, I can clean up any mess you make while you rest" I offered. "All you need to do is just try it out for once".

"I don't think that's happening" Kate replied in a slightly slurred voice as she sat up in bed, still squirming her legs around like mad. Kate wasted little time from there in getting up from the bed and hobbling into the bathroom while keeping both her hands in a tight death grip over her pussy.

I followed after Kate, as she hurried into the bathroom. Kate didn't even notice that the toilet lid was down as she rushed to sit down right on top of it.

"Kate don't pee, the lid is still down, you're sitting on it" I warned her, knowing what a huge mess that would make.

Kate groaned as she clenched her pee hole muscles shut again after just starting to relax for a fraction of a second. "Damn it, why'd I have to close the toilet lid yesterday " moaned Kate.

Kate stood up and nearly doubled over as she squirmed like mad in front of the toilet. All Kate had to do was remove a hand from her pussy for a moment to lift the toilet lid. But even that minor task seemed too daunting to Kate's bursting bladder, which was just moments away from involuntarily wetting a gusher down her legs.

Kate turned around to look at me, pleading for me with her eyes to lift the toilet lid for her. "Please Karl" she said.

In a split second decision, I decided to stay put where I was. "You can do it Kate, you're almost there. You don't need my help, you're too prideful to ask for help or take the easy way out for your iron bladder remember" I told her.

Then after 99 hours of desperately waiting to use the toilet, Kate's pride finally bent, no doubt fueled in part by the alcohol she had drank. Kate saw I wasn't going to help her by lifting the toilet lid, so she moaned loudly, and ran the couple of steps to the urinal! I got another hard as I watched Kate frantically trying to figure out how she was supposed to use it without a penis to grab and aim.

After a few seconds of hesitating in front of the urinal Kate lifted her left leg up and propped it up on the side of the urinal. Kate tried to lean the rest of her body against the wall to get her pussy lips as far into the urinal as possible.

And then finally Kate allowed her bladder to open the flood gates for the first time in 99 hours. Kate moaned loudly, this time in pleasure, as a huge torrent of piss gushed out of her exhausted and tortured bladder. Some of her piss inevitably splattered off the urinal walls and onto Kate's legs or the floor. And some of Kate's piss inevitably missed the urinal completely, but the vast majority of it stayed in the urinal.

The minutes ticked by as Kate continued to piss her absolute gusher. The longer she peed, the bigger the smile on Kate's face got as her bladder got closer to being fully empty. After almost 10 minutes of peeing Kate's massive torrent finally started to die down. When her piss slowed to a trickle most of it ran down her right leg, but the look of joy on Kate's face as her bladder finished emptying told me that Kate didn't even care about the piss that ran down her legs.

"So what did you think of using the urinal" I asked Kate as she took her left leg off the urinal.

Kate smiled at me, "It was a horribly impractical position to pee in Karl, but at least it was fun to try once while I was still drunk. I think I'll definitely be sticking to sitting on a toilet to pee like ladies are met to." Kate pointed at the puddle of piss on the floor and her legs soaked with urine as she added "sitting on a toilet to pee is much less messy then this".

Kate ended up deciding to take a long shower to clean herself off after all the piss that ran down her legs. I soon joined her in it after cleaning up the puddles of piss Kate had left on the floor using the urinal.

As I went to sleep that night I smiled at how successful my plan had been. I had little doubt that Kate would stick to peeing in the white toilet bowl over the urinal. That was fine by me, since Kate still had to abide by our rules of only using the white toilet bowl once for every 3 times I used the urinal. I was just glad I had finally gotten to see Kate use the urinal just once after we had it installed several years ago.

======

And that's the story.

*010*2017-03-06 03:40

{{On 3/2/2017 at 5:31 AM, wedgeantilles said:

A realy great ending!

I enjoyed the story a lot, thank you!

If you write more stories in the future I'd be delighted if you would post them here too.

}}

Glad you liked it and the ending.

And sure, I'll post my future stories here to. While I've barely written anything that I found worth publishing, you can read it all at my deviantart page, there's a link to it in my profile.

