Rena's Revenge

Author: fullbladder

*000*2022-09-12 00:49

Rena’s mischievous mind churned on overdrive as she wriggled her legs while taking another hit from her beloved 6-year-old bong. Desperate and high, that’s how she loved to be. With the 18-year-old’s parents away on a night out of town, she was free to enjoy some dirty wet fun tonight. Taking a year off from studies while working a weekend job, Rena capitalized on every opportunity to desperately wet her pants in private. It was her secret fetish and having a personal laundry room in the basement made it all possible.

An hour ago, Rena had gotten a text from her “friend” Shawna. Shawna was planning a birthday bash at her house next week. In typical Shawna fashion, she had accepted a dinner and hotel invitation from her boyfriend that same evening. She had asked Rena to make sure the party went well, and the 4-bedroom house survived the night. For the umpteenth time, Rena had bitten her tongue and agreed to help out. She had recently discovered that Warren, her ex, had cheated with Shawna while they were together. However, Shawna didn’t know that Rena knew of her betrayal- the couple had broken up months ago over other issues.

Rena was quite smart- her brains were often overlooked because of her beauty. She stood 5’9 with firm 34B breasts and dark brown hair. Her active lifestyle ensured her body was well-toned throughout the year. Many boys had made enticing offers to her since she had dumped Warren, but she had been picky, dating only a few and screwing only one in the six months of single life. For the past two weeks, she had tried to devise the perfect plan to ruin Shawna's life- it was finally coming together.

As her thoughts continued down a very dark path, she felt herself squirt into her denim shorts. On que, a familiar warm wetness emerged on her fingertips which were tightly pressed into her crotch. Suddenly, she heard a car pull into the driveway- her parents were home early!

Rena hobbled to the washroom leaking helplessly into her panties. She pushed open the bathroom door and planted herself on the toilet, still fully dressed. Sighing, she relaxed her pussy muscles to urinate a powerful clear torrent through her barely-butt covering jean shorts into the toilet below. As she finished peeing, she heard her mom walking to the door leading downstairs- she was coming downstairs to check up on her and there was no time to change!

Shawna shut off the lights as she rushed back to her bedroom, praying her mom wouldn’t notice the wet trail to the toilet in the darkness. She hopped into bed, pulled up the covers over her drenched shorts and closed her eyes. A mere ten seconds later, her mom had made her way down the stairs and pushed open her bedroom door.

“Honey? Oh… you're asleep.”

She heard her mom shut the door and head back upstairs- she was safe! Excited by how close she had been to being discovered, she rubbed herself through the soiled shorts, biting down on her pillow to stifle her orgasmic screams. A few minutes later, as she was falling asleep, Rena had one final thought. “Laundry day tomorrow.”

*001*2022-09-12 14:20

Five days later, Rena walked to Shawna’s front door- she truly was a spoiled bitch. Her wealthy parents had bought her a house since the 30-minute commute to the local college was “too far”. Had she parked in the driveway, Rena’s 2010 Honda Civic would have looked like trash next to Shawna’s Mercedes G-wagon. No matter, Rena would soon hit Shawna where it hurt most.

She let herself into the house and allowed herself to enjoy the scene for a moment. Shawna was scrambling with preparations, and she barely looked up as Rena entered the house. “Grab the balloons on the table- we only have two hours before showtime!”

As Rena slowly blew up the balloons and taped them to the ceiling, she noticed Shawna dancing between tasks. As an omorashi enthusiast, Rena was intrigued immediately- Shawna obviously had not had a chance to pee amongst the hustle and bustle!

Suddenly, the phone rang. No longer pre-occupied by putting up decorations, the full realization of her neglected bladder hit Shawna. As she patiently gave directions to a lost guest on her cell phone, she wriggled on the spot. Finally, she hung up the phone and ran to the toilet. Carelessly, leaving the door open as she peed, she shouted more instructions to Rena over her noisy pee stream. Then, with a quick flush and pull-up of her panties, she was off upstairs to change into her sexy red dress.

As guests started arriving, Shawna made a big show of welcoming everyone personally. Rena stood by the window with her beer, waiting for the opportune moment- she knew she had to complete phase one of her plan before things got too busy. When two cars pulled in together, she leapt into action. She slyly walked away from view as Shawna was opening the door to greet the first group, then made her way upstairs. She quickly locked all the bedroom and bathroom doors before retreating back down the steps.

Twenty minutes later, the party was rocking. Well-dressed, fit boys and girls in their late teens happily conversed with each other, admiring each other’s youthful bodies. Shawna had mentally moved past getting the party started and was now checking her watch every few minutes and glancing at the door as she drifted around the room. Finally, her boyfriend had arrived!

Shawna immediately clapped her hands and yelled for attention. The loud room slowly quietened.

“Thank you all for making my 19th so special. Unfortunately, I have to get going now, but my best friend Rena is gonna make this party awesome! Thanks Rena!”

Shawna gestured over to her and everyone cheered.

“There’s going to be pizza coming and there are many drinks and snacks in the fridge. Keep eating and drinking- make this party great! Ciao!”

Everyone cheered again as she waved goodbye and stepped out. Rena waited until the limo had driven away before excusing herself to go to the bathroom. She had a mild need for the toilet after not peeing all afternoon. There was a girl waiting in front of the locked door which opened as Rena walked over. A couple minutes later, Rena was in the small powder room. She smiled to herself as she lowered her panties to pee. Lacking a tub, this small bathroom was the key to a perfect storm. Everyone would need to wait to relieve themselves into the toilet- there were simply no other options. Especially after Rena worked her magic on the kitchen sink.

After peeing, Rena nonchalantly made her way through the back door- she had intentionally parked on the street behind the house then walked around to the front earlier. She carefully pulled a large cooler out of her trunk and wheeled it back to the house. Luckily, everyone was still enjoying themselves in the living room area. Working quickly, Rena pulled several milk jugs filled with alcoholic fruit punch out of the cooler. In five minutes, she had two large glass bowls in ice in the kitchen sink. After emptying the jugs into the bowls, she set empty cups next to them. Finally, her magic touch- two plates of small cupcakes presented appealingly on both sides of the sink.

*004*2022-09-14 16:37

“Fruit punch and cupcakes in the kitchen!” Rena yelled as she re-entered the party. She held up a cupcake and her drink to entice the others to move to the kitchen. It worked- several girls rushed to the kitchen to get a treat. Rena nibbled on her own cupcake as she observed the scene. It was delicious- the diuretic couldn’t be detected at all. She went back into the kitchen to grab one of the plates- it was essential that Shawna’s inner circle of friends ate a cupcake.

In short time, the cupcakes were gone and Rena had pulled more cold drinks out of the fridge. She was eagerly monitoring the fullness of her own bladder, as well as the line in front of the bathroom. So far, it had been quite reasonable- four or five people waiting at a given time.

Rena felt a growing excitement in her tummy. What fun it would be to see mass desperation at this party! Rena could feel a growing need to pee. While she was drinking more heavily than most others at the party, she had also peed a half-hour ago. Most of the others had not peed yet.

Rena noticed that Carissa, a petite blonde in a tight green dress, was awkwardly shuffling her feet a few feet away. She had been one of the first to eat a cupcake. As Carissa glanced over at the bathroom, Rena strategically hopped next to her.

“Hey Carissa, how’s it going? Long time, no see!”

“Hi Rena! Yeah, it has been a while… you taking a year off, right?” Her face revealed a mild discomfort- Rena had obviously interjected right as she was going to join the bathroom queue.

“Yeah, a year off studies. Still working though!” Rena proceeded to go into detail about her job, trying to stall Carissa for as long as possible. She was full-on dancing on the spot now. Rena could feel urgent pangs from her own bladder- the diuretic was working in full force.

Carissa finally interrupted three minutes later. “Hey sorry about this, I really gotta pee. Be right back.”

Rena turned to watch her join the line of seven people, three of whom Rena had seen eat a cupcake- her plan was working!

Carissa was by far the most desperate in line. Rena’s little five-minute interruption had really made things challenging for her. Ten minutes later, she was finally at the bathroom door, but with her hand hiked up her skirt. People around the room had taken notice of the incredibly desperate sexy little blonde and curious eyes were looking, wondering if she would make it.

Behind Carissa, the line had grown to twelve people. Rena was enjoying her own mounting desperation as she sought out the most desperate boys and girls, stalling them for just a few crucial minutes. She had already seen a couple of guys rush out of the back door, obviously planning to pee against the wood fence surrounding the backyard. Rena had been tempted to run to the window to sneak a peek, but decided that its best she didn’t draw too much attention to herself.

As Carissa finally stepped into the bathroom and shut the door behind her, Rena thought she saw a few drops of pee fall between her legs, but wasn’t sure- probably wishful thinking. The line was almost entirely ladies now- most of the guys were just going outside, unwilling to wait. Rena’s legs were scissoring as she spoke to Pooja, one of the most popular girls in their grad class. She was also squirming on the spot- Rena had made sure to give her a cupcake personally. Rena felt so naughty, growing increasingly desperate as the line to the bathroom grew and grew.

Pooja interrupted their chat about the best hair salons.

“Wow, I really gotta go!” She pressed her legs together and curtsied for emphasis.

“Yeah, me too! Wanna get in line?” Rena’s pleasurable sensation of a filling bladder was growing into more of an urgent need. Standing behind the desperate 5 ‘10, Indian-Caucasian beauty in a tight black dress wouldn’t be a bad way to pass the next fifteen minutes.

Pooja bit her lip, looking over at the bathroom again. “The line is so long though- I might not be able hold on that long…”

“Maybe there’s another bathroom upstairs?” Rena somehow willed herself from smiling as she made the devilish suggestion.

“Good idea, let’s go.”

As she stepped away from the crowded party, Pooja took the liberty of pressing her hand on her vulva. She noticed Rena glance over.

“Sorry, I’ve been holding it for hours- I had to go pick up this new dress for the party.” She gasped audibly as they started climbing up the stairs in their heels.

“It’s ok, happens to the best of us.” Rena grabbed her own crotch, pushing up her violet dress and revealing her pink panties. Emphasizing her own desperation wasn’t a bad move- no one would suspect what she had done!

She allowed Pooja to try a door first. “It’s locked! Damn it!” They took turns desperately trying all the doors, to no avail.

Pooja was near tears. “I bet the line is even longer now…”

“I think the boys were going outside.”

“Yeah, but they’ll see us- there’s nowhere to hide out there. Fuck!” A tear rolled down Pooja’s cheek, which she hastily wiped away. “Let’s just get in line- there’s no other choice.”

*007*2022-09-16 05:33

As they headed down the stairs and passed the hallway leading to the kitchen, Pooja hesitated. Rena could tell she was debating peeing in the sink. Then, she seemed to remember it was holding fruit punch and quickly continued to the bathroom line. It was now about twenty ladies long. All of them were visibly desperate, a few of them seemed on the verge of disgracing themselves.

Diana and Liz, two bff’s dancing and openly holding themselves near the front of the line, were wondering if there were bathrooms upstairs. Abby, just in front of them, responded that she had already checked upstairs and everything was locked. Pooja groaned quietly- it would have been a real help to have a couple girls leave the line to look for other toilets!

As she danced trying to maintain control of her own bladder, Rena observed the other girls closely especially those walking out of the bathroom. With most girls wearing dresses, it was difficulty to see who may have leaked. However, she did notice a small wet spot on Trina’s jeans as she opened the bathroom door, blushing heavily. The poor girl had leaked before she had been able to get her pants off!

Behind Pooja and Rena, Carissa had rejoined the long line. Having broken the seal, she was desperate for the toilet again merely fifteen minutes later.

Despite her own desperate condition, Rena couldn’t resist a conversation with Carissa- she had been wondering if Carissa had indeed leaked earlier.

“Long line, isn’t it?”

“Yeah, very” Carissa replied nervously. While she wasn’t dancing as urgently as Pooja and Rena, it was still clear she needed to pee.

“I hope I make it- really wish there was another toilet.” Rena squeezed her crotch- she had been avoiding doing that since returning to the crowded living room, but now it was a necessity.

“Yeah, it’s tough for a small-bladdered girl like me.” Carissa blushed as she shifted her legs.

“Haha, didn’t you just go like a few minutes ago? I remember we were talking…”

“Yeah, I totally need to go badly again. Actually, I…” She hesitated.

Rena giggled. “You leaked, didn’t you?”

Carissa’s face burned red. “Yeah, a bit- I barely got my panties down before I totally pissed myself!”

Carissa glanced around cautiously before lifting her dress up a few inches to flash a wet spot on her grey panties. Rena gasped as an electric jolt ran through her- seeing another girl’s wet panties was a dream come true! She felt a powerful urge to void her bladder and just barely managed stop her own leak.

Diana and Liz had finally made it to the bathroom door. However, being first in queue and on the toilet seat were two very different things. Diana squirted, causing her hot pee to briefly flow through her gripping fingers onto the floor below.

“Hurry, PLEASE!” she moaned, begging Abby to open the door. Boys all around the room were enjoying the scene and laughed at the desperate cry.

Finally, the door opened. Too drunk and desperate to care, Diana rushed in with both hands in her crotch. The sight of the toilet was overwhelming and she lost control before she could plant her butt on the toilet. With the door still open for everyone to see, she audibly peed through her panties into the toilet. The sight was too much for Liz. She started peeing herself in line. Yves, behind her, yelped and jumped back, bumping into Sara, causing her to also start wetting her orange dress pants.

The room was quiet now, in a shocked silence. Boys were looking on in visible excitement- a trio of cure girls were pissing themselves at the same time, with numerous others barely hanging on. Liz opened her legs to let her pee flow onto the wood floor below, while Sara ran outside in horror. A tell-all pee trail followed the humiliated teenaged girl out of the house back to her car.

As Diana exited the bathroom, she pulled down her wet dress and led Liz away from the line. The guys laughed as they too left the house to begin a long, wet walk home.

Yves barely made it into the bathroom dry after the three accidents within 10 feet of her and nearly slipped on the wet floor as she shut the door. Somehow, she got her skirt and panties down before pee started gushing out of her. A bit of it ended up on the floor, but no matter- the small bathroom was already really wet anyway.

Pooja and Rena were now closer to the front of the line, but it was harder than ever to hold it. Behind them, the line was growing rapidly. The wait was so long that a few of the drunker girls had decided to just pee outside with the boys, which, in turn, caused the horny perverts to just stay out in the backyard to enjoy the show.

Carissa’s tiny bladder had filled up unbelievably quickly and now she was dancing urgently with her hand in her crotch. “Only four to go, only four to go,” she repeated to herself.

At the bathroom door and only minutes from relief, Pooja lost control. She pounded the door in frustration as pee flowed out of her pussy, through her clenched fingers, down her legs and onto the floor. She gasped as the relief of finally letting go overcame her. Seeing Pooja wet herself was also the last straw for Carissa. She peed into her panties for a second time, this time also drenching her beautiful green dress.

Rena enjoyed the splattering sights and sounds around her briefly before surrendering her own battle. She sighed blissfully as her strained bladder emptied itself into her bikini-cut panties. A hot waterfall flowed between her legs and splashed noisily onto the floor- Rena was in heaven. She looked up briefly to scan the gazing eyes focused on her and the two other girls helplessly pissing themselves outside the bathroom. She smiled and then quickly lowered her face- no one needed to see how much she was enjoying all of this.

“Shawna, that fucking bitch,” cursed Pooja as she finished peeing- she was crying.

“Yeah, what the fuck is with her- locking all the doors like that!” Ash, a curvy desperate girl behind them piped up. She was writhing her hips urgently- it was a matter of seconds before she soaked her jeans.

Rena pretended to be mad, too. “Fuck her- let’s piss all over her house!”

Ash didn’t have to be told twice. She undid her jeans and squatted on the floor just as Yves left the bathroom. The other girls in line followed her lead and peed where they waited. Everyone started laughing and made their way to the drinks table to fill up again.

Shawna was going to come home to a huge wet mess in the morning. Rena had given the bitch a birthday she truly deserved.

