Holo Graphic

Author: fluffbuttsmutt

*000*2022-04-29 00:06

Send requests for any more installments of this you'd like to see- I have a few planned, but some feedback is always appreciated!

###

When Holo was created, his creator was not expecting it. Nervel had programmed a… ‘fully operational’ hologram in hopes of a long night of rough sex before having all of tomorrow off to recover. His hopes were quickly shoved aside when he came to realize that his creation was capable of far far more than he ever thought possible.

Nervel sat with Holo at the kitchen table over a couple cups of coffee and discussed the depth of Holo’s experience. Sentient. Created by Nervel’s own caffeine and libido fueled genius. The scientist could hardly contain his pride. Holo, however, had been fascinated by his first ever ‘experience’: a mug of hot liquid, made of so many interesting chemicals. He stared at the mug with such studious intensity, bent close over the table, before finally taking a sip of his very first drink. Holo could not taste, but it was delicious.

That was about three hours ago.

Holo was sitting on the couch, cuddled close to Nervel’s side. He had found his newly discovered existence rather overwhelming, and Nervel introduced him to something that was perfectly mindless: movies. They were only a few minutes into their second film when Holo noticed… An odd sensation signaling from the lower torso of his projection.

He wasn’t sure what it could be. There was a light pressure, and a gentle prompting from his subroutines to release. He frowned, curious, down at his torso, before deciding to obey his body’s request.

His eyes widened as liquid suddenly flowed into his clothes. The simulation of fabric was not perfect- they didn’t grow saturated with fluid, instead the liquid quickly pooled against his skin in the tight space. It was ultra hot against his sensors, a most beautiful press of heat that had his neurons firing in bright, new, confusing patterns. There wasn’t nearly enough space against his body for the liquid and it flowed down his legs, pattering into the couch.

It was about then Holo realized he had made a mess. The liquid- pure, clean water- quickly soaked into the couch, still warm. Holo simply stared as the liquid continued flowing through him, gushing back against his skin, running down his legs, and soaking into the couch, transfixed by this beautiful new experience. It wasn’t until his body was fully empty of its fluids that Holo turned to Nervel and nudged him for his attention.

“I believe I had an accident.”

