With Tatiana in Croatia

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-07-17 14:37

With Tatiana in Croatia part 1

Chapter 6 Breathtaking

This is the sequel to a night out with Tatiana.

I want to try to post part 2 next weekend.

Tatiana was happy and surprised, she had been called by her parents that their debt to the tax authorities had been paid. The overpaid money will be refunded with interest and a public apology. Tatiana wasn't sure who helped her parents so much, but she had a hunch. The only ones who knew about it in the Netherlands were her aunt and uncle and of course Rob.

Rob was a very good friend of hers and she felt a lot for him. Tatiana is a lesbian and Rob is the only man who has been inside her. Not with his cock she didn't want that but with his finger. She likes it when he wants to kiss her. He loves me Tatiana knew and it turns him on when I fill my bladder. I also get horny from a full bladder so we have a good common ground. Tatiana felt very happy but moved that her father, whom she loves so much, could finally retire. She had a special bond with him because she could feel him all over the world. Sometimes its joy, sometimes its sadness and sometimes its fear. She also has a good relationship with her mother, but not as strong as with her father. She was happy that her mother could now free herself from her guilt complex and can enjoy her husband and everyone she loves.

Tatiana had filled her bladder before Rob before, but on one occasion she noticed that he still has a fetish. She had immediately told him what struck her about him as she held her breath to put on some tight jeans. Rob confessed that he gets aroused when a woman holds her breath. Tatiana could hold her breath for about 4 minutes and she would spoil Rob in Croatia. Rob has ensured that I can go to Croatia because without him I could never have closed the shop. But he had made it clear that I had to find a better replacement, a replacement I can count on. Rob gives me a lot of peace and gives me the feeling that I can now and then let go of my responsibility. He always makes me feel like he's there for me but doesn't let me fool me. He can even be really hard on me when I'm mentally collapsing, but I need that.

Around noon, Tatiana and I boarded the plane. It was a quiet and prosperous flight. I was happy that Lisette managed to rehabilitate her parents. Lisette is a friend of mine and we've had sex several times. She is mentally strong and very smart. She is a lawyer and has many highly placed Croatian connections. One of these connections led to the fraudulent bookkeeper of Tatiana's parents' restaurant confessing to the fraud. After that things went quickly, the accountant was held liable for the financial consequences and the suffering that Tatiana inflicted on her parents. With this connection from Lisette I sold a beautiful house on the water for no profit. The man has enough money but I thought it was important to show my gratitude to him. This was also nice for Lisette because she often uses this connection. That way I have a good connection. So a win-win situation.

Lisette had put in a lot of effort for this and I was grateful to her for that. Lisette wanted to have sex with a full bladder as a reward for her effort. She knew that because I pushed her bladder to the limit.

Fortunately, Lisette was able to keep my name out of the case because I didn't want Tatiana to feel guilty towards me for some reason. The friendship should remain as pure as possible, that's what I think is important. But I soon noticed that Tatiana has a suspicion but out of respect for my decision she doesn't ask any further. Still, not telling me every now and then makes me nervous.

We land around the evening at the airport of Split. It was warm and we had a great flight. After we had taken our luggage from the belt, we walked outside where the car rental company was already waiting with the Corvette. Tatiana was very excited because she knew she was going to see her parents again. She had put on a sexy short skirt for me and I was having a hard time taking my eyes off her. We got into the car and I asked Tatiana to set the navigation to the correct language. She immediately entered her parents' address and we left. After about half an hour of driving, we arrived at the house.

Her parents immediately came out to receive us kindly. Tatiana introduced me to her parents. Daddy this is Rob a good friend of mine, Rob this is my father Ivan and my mother Nadia. I shook hands with them and we went inside. Her mother was a beautiful woman and I saw the similarities with Tatiana. Her father was a tough guy and you could tell he worked hard in his life. Ivan had a warm voice and he radiated a lot of pride. I immediately understood why Tatiana loves her father so much.

During dinner, her parents told how surprised they were about the recent developments. Tatiana translated everything directly for me, which gave me a huge sense of connection. After dinner Ivan asked me to come to the barn. This will be our stay for the next 2 weeks. It looked neat and everything was there. I looked around approvingly and was delighted to be able to stay here. Ivan, who speaks only a little bit of English, could tell by my body language that I was satisfied. With hands and feet and a little English he explained that he converted the barn himself and took me to the back of the barn.

There Ivan had his own diving museum that he had filled with memories. You could taste the atmosphere of hard work, pride and respect, I was really impressed. Several photos of people he rescued hung on the wall. He showed me a photo of a girl, this is his director's daughter, he said. I smiled because I knew the story and now I had a picture of her. He put his arm on my shoulders and grabbed another photo. He told me, everyone I saved has been here in my musseum, but unfortunately I never saw this woman again. I am very sorry, he said. I took the photo and looked at it very deliberately. It was a pretty woman in her early 20s, how long has it been, I asked. Exactly 10 years next week, he said.

We walked back to the house. Tatiana and her mother were talking. I could see that Nadia was emotional. Tatiana asked me how I found the barn, I replied romantically and I also think your father's diving museum is beautiful and atmospheric. Did my father show you his diving museum, she asked in astonishment. I don't understand your surprise, but he showed his museum, I replied.

The next morning Tatiana's parents left for Zagareb. They are going to visit the highest official of the tax authorities. Her mother was quite tense, but her father looked calm. We wished them the best of luck and waved them off. I'm happy for them because they can finally put that misery behind them, Tatiana said. And she meant that from the bottom of her heart. She looked at me intently but said nothing. She knows I thought, but she likes to make me nervous.

We took a seat at the breakfast table and enjoyed a cup of coffee and a boiled egg. It was a beautiful day and not a cloud in the sky.

Rob, Tatiana said, I'd like to discuss something with you.

I'm glad you want to be my friend and I feel like spoiling you today. I listened carefully. At home you told me that you like it when a woman holds her breath or to make love to her underwater, do you find that really exciting or was it a joke. That seems super horny to me but I've never had the chance to experience it. Women find it very scary to be so dependent. She will have to hold her breath for a long time while she lies handcuffed on the bottom and I can imagine that because I wouldn't do it myself.

Oh, that woman will be handcuffed and will lie helpless on the seabed and have to hold her breath while you can breathe easy and torture her body. Preferably with a full bladder of course. Eh, yes, I replied, that is my fantasy and it will probably stay that way, I replied. Well, that's going to be quite an attack on my condition, but I'd like to talk about it for you. I do want to discuss a few things with you for safety's sake.

I was surprised no one does that for another, I said. It's just a fantasy of mine. Let's stop talking about it. Suppose something happened, I would never forgive myself.

Then we have to make sure nothing happens, Tatiana said. I think it's an exciting idea myself, she continued undisturbed. But I'd like to discuss a few things with you for security reasons. I would like the boat we will be renting to have a transmitter on board. If something goes wrong, we can call in the coastguard. Since most things can go wrong with me, there's a good chance you'll have to call the Coast Guard. I nodded and was a bit shocked too.

Fortunately, the coastguard here is obliged to speak English so that is not a problem. You've thought it through carefully, I said. When you take risks you have to have a backup plan, my father taught me. My father also has a lot of faith in you Rob. There is no other way because otherwise he would never have shown you his diving museum. It's his safe space for when he's scared or sad and only my mom and I got to see it. That's why you were so surprised yesterday, I responded. Indeed Rob, I immediately felt that it was good between my father and you, said Tatiana.

Have you ever dived with oxygen cylinders, she continued. Only once in the pool. Listen, she said. We will dive to a depth of about 3 meters, there will be oxygen in the bottle for about an hour. I can hold my breath for about 4 minutes but that will decrease over time of course. The more I hold my breath, the faster my body will ask for oxygen. Of course you go to my extreme, so when you put the mouthpiece in my mouth I'm out of breath.

Then I must give you the mouthpiece in time and not go to extremes. You can't do that Rob and I don't want to either. You always go to the extreme with my bladder and you will do that underwater too. I am handcuffed with my hands behind my back on the bottom of the sea and I am totally dependent on you, four minutes pass quickly and I realize that well. That's not a bad thing, provided we make good agreements. Do you understand? All too good, I said.

Okay, she continued, sex is a sport that takes a lot of energy and that demands a lot of oxygen. You just keep breathing, but your body will also demand more and more oxygen. I think after 20 minutes I can only hold my breath for two minutes and after half an hour for about 1 minute. But of course I don't know because I've never held my breath for so long in a row. Fortunately we are not too deep so we can take off quickly without danger if necessary. Keep in mind that you will have to take me upstairs because my hands are handcuffed. There is a gauge on the bottle that we should pay close attention to. In short, I suggest that we go up again after a maximum of half an hour underwater.

You see you've gone too far and I'm blowing all my air out of my lungs, then you'll have to bring me up quickly and give me mouth to mouth respiration, can you? Yes I have done that before and I also know how to resuscitate. That gives me confidence, she said.

Rob a few more things that I clearly want to agree with you, you can do everything with me underwater but you can't fuck me and I won't give you a blowjob. I don't mind your jerking off and if you finger me or French kiss me, I like that. I will also have my bladder as full as possible because I enjoy that too. If you want me to jerk you off, you'll have to untie my shackles. Is this understood, she asked kindly but clearly. Yes, but I can still lie behind you if I want you to jerk me off. That is indeed possible, but you will have to keep a close eye on me because eye contact is the only contact you can make underwater. She sounded clear, honest, and thoughtful.

Are you really not afraid I asked. No, not at all, I trust you 100% that you will do what we just discussed. Let's go have fun. My bladder and my lungs are going to have a hard time today. Grab a cup of tea, she asked. Without waiting for an answer, she poured. How do I know you're at your limit, I asked. I will then blow all my air out of my lungs. Normally I let go little by little but when you hold your breath you don't let go because of a shortage of oxygen, you let go because of a surplus of co2. Your body does not like that and forces your respiratory center to breathe.

If you give in to it, you will ingest water and become unconscious. I will have to fight to the end to hold my last breath. My whole body will then contract and my hips will be pushed up by the contraction of my legs. This will also happen to my chest. The contraction of my muscles will make my chest rise and the large volume of carbon dioxide will make it look enormously filled. My breasts will seem to invite you to squeeze and you will. Be careful if you do this too hard I will lose all control because of the pain and my breath will let go. Then you're the only one who can save me.

The art of being underwater for a long time is therefore to reduce the consumption of oxygen. What we are going to do eats oxygen because you tense all your muscles with an orgasm. From there the time that I can hold my breath goes down so fast. It was completely clear to me and because Tatiana made it so clear explained, I wasn't scared either. She poured herself another cup of tea because it always took a long time to fill her bladder.

After two more cups of tea, I asked how her bladder was. It's already starting to fill up, she said. It was 11 am, what time did you go to the toilet this morning. That would have been around 8:00 am. I immediately started drinking tea.

Then we still have 3 hours before she blows up, I said and continued. I can only look at the clock underwater Tatiana, but I would like to make sure that you can hold your breath for at least 4 minutes. I want to see how your body reacts. That's good, she said and started to undress. I will lie naked on the couch and hold my breath to the limit so you can see what happens to my body. She lay down on the couch and took a few deep breaths before holding her breath. 1 minute passed and there was still nothing to see. After 3.5 minutes her chest started to shake and after 4 minutes her lower body came up and her chest seemed to explode. 4.30 minutes passed and she let go of her breath. She was panting on the couch and I looked at her in admiration.

Wow I said you can I let go of my breath after 1.5 minutes. That's a long time, she said. Most untrained people don't make it to the minute. Can I try one more thing with you, I asked. Yes, tell me. Well, of course it could happen that I'm still kissing you while you're at the end of your breath. I want to know how your body and you react. Yeah yeah you just want a preview of horny guy. Indeed, I said. She lay back down and held her breath. 4 minutes later her chest rose. Another 30 seconds and her lungs will burst, I thought. 4:25 I put my hand on her mouth and pinched her nose. Her whole body was writhing and her eyes were wide open. She grabbed my arm and tried to tear it free but I was too strong. 4.30am her breasts seemed to be poking through the ceiling and I started squeezing them.

Her legs and her pussy were pushed up. At 4.35 I let go. Panting and wheezing, she filled her lungs with air again. I almost felt sorry for her. Do you see now that you will go to my extreme in your horniness Rob, she responded. That's true, but you're also so beautiful. She laughed and got dressed again.

When she was done with that, we walked to the car to leave. What do you really want me to wear underwater? Well, a nice stylish black bathing suit looks good on you. I saw those in the Beach Shop, but they aren't cheap, Tatiana said. That's not so bad I said, it's vacation and then I don't pay attention to money, but unfortunately I will have to destroy it. Uhh, that's a shame. Yes, but if you're handcuffed, I can't take it off without cutting it. You know I'm nimble, she said. I can pull my legs through my arms and you can take off my bathing suit. That's a good solution, I lied.

We walked to the Beachshop and bought a beautiful tailored swimsuit.

It was really top quality. Can't you keep that on and put your short jeans over it. Yes I can do that. It was a nice bathing suit, part of her bare upper stomach was above her short jeans. I would like to have something to eat and drink in the restaurant before we continue, I indicated. Don't eat too much, it will weigh you down when you hold your breath. In addition, it takes extra energy to burn it. You are a smart girl. The waitress came over and asked what we wanted to drink, I looked at her with open mouth, a bitter lemon for me and for you? Give me a cranberry juice. You really put your bladder on her number girl. Yes and she let me know that too. She starts to push very hard.

My thoughts were still with the waitress. She was a beautiful woman in her thirties and Tatiana must have noticed that too. Hello here Tatiana for Earth, please report over, she spoke. I came out of my thoughts and mumbled something. Shall I go to the toilet, Tatiana asked. Why, I asked surprised. Well, your mind is so much on that waitress that I'm afraid you'll forget me. Jealous, I asked. No, she replied. If you forget me because of such a beautiful woman I feel flattered.

Do you have a picture of your father with you? Yes of course I have one in my bag. I'd like to borrow it from you. Have a drink, I'd like to speak to the waitress separately. Okay and she went on to finish her glass. When I came back her glass was empty and asked, Rob should I really be worried. I can understand that because you can probably really fuck her. But we are on vacation together anyway, she sounded really let down.

No Tatiana not at all, but when I was with your father in his museum yesterday he showed me the pictures of the people he saved. Your father proudly told me that these people have all been to his home except for 1 person. He searched for this person but did not find it and he regrets that. When I saw the waitress, I recognized her almost immediately. That was the reason I stared at her like that. She recognized your father in your photo as her savior. Tomorrow she is free and then we are invited to her home. Oh, how nice I am looking forward to that, she said.

But now we really have to rent a boat because my bladder is getting fuller and fuller. We walked to the Beach Shop, and I saw Tatiana's bladder protruding. I couldn't resist pressing it, crossed her right away. I almost peed my pants Rob, tell me from now on if you're going to press it. I really don't say that, I said and gave her a kiss.

We reached the Beachclub and were informed. In the meantime Tatiana was wobbling in her chair but she could take a beating, I knew from experience. The boat rental company put a pitcher of water on the table and poured it for both of us. Do you have a sail license, the man asked, I was surprised because he spoke Dutch. I took my license and he immediately saw that it was the highest category. Did you sail on the high seas, he asked me. Yes, my parents were skippers and so it was obvious that I had to get my sail license. You could see the man was reassured. He took the book and showed me the yachts that were still available. I also want four oxygen bottles with it. The man gathered everything together and took us to the boat. The oxygen bottles were loaded and I was asked to pay a deposit. I walked to the register and paid.

Meanwhile Tatiana had finished her glass of water and could hardly sit still.

We jumped on the boat and sailed out of the harbor. I put my hand on Tatiana's ass and rubbed it. How's your bladder. It's about to explode, but I've got it under control. I have now drunk 2.5 liters and I need to pee for about 5 hours ago. I also don't want to drink anymore because that fills my stomach too much and that's not nice if I have to hold my breath.

Through the open part of her bathing suit just above her jeans I could see the bulge of her well-filled bladder, yes it certainly looks full Tatiana. She is, Rob but something different, I saw that you ordered four oxygen bottles but I will never make it. Breathing more than half an hour interval and being pushed to the limit is hard enough. Or do you want to drown me. No dude, I said laughing, but you never know. If we don't use them, I don't have to pay for them.

She showed me the way to a beautiful underwater area. It was just below the coast and there were nice caves. According to her, the flora and fauna here was enchanting. Then you are perfectly at the right place there. She beamed and took off her short jeans. Drop the anchor here and I'll go for a swim. In swimming I asked surprised. Yes of course. If you immediately lower me handcuffed into the water, my body will startle. I also have to make sure that extra oxygen gets into my blood. She started by taking a very deep breath and then slowly letting go. Her black well-cut bathing suit showed off her perfect curves in an elegant way. After five times she dived into the water. It took a minute for her to surface and she immediately went into hiding again. After two minutes she came up. It all seemed to go so smoothly. Rob hand me the oxygen bottle and I'll put him downstairs. I handed her the bottle and she ducked down. Three minutes later she surfaced.

She climbed into the boat and turned on the radio. So now all you have to do is call Mayday to reach the Coast Guard. We add both phones so that you have all communication directly at hand. She took out a piece of paper and wrote the coordinates on where we are. Take a look around you and become aware of what you see. I saw caves a piece of pasture and heard sheep in the background. Why is this, I asked. When you are in a panic, your senses work less. Did you hear something. Yes sheep I said. Well that's the most important thing. This is the only place along the local coast where there are sheep. Report that and the Coast Guard will be here in 5 minutes. What a knowledge that girl has. All learned from your father. This and much more she replied.

When we dive down like this, you see a sand bed. It is about 3 meters deep there and there is also the oxygen bottle. Take a few breaths yourself and then give the mouthpiece to me. I will then take a few breaths and when I blink you take the mouthpiece out of my mouth. When I quickly blink my eyes while holding my breath, I want to breathe. Then you have to put the mouthpiece in my mouth. If you're too late I'll blow all the air out of my lungs. Then you have to take me up quickly. Do not try to put the mouthpiece in because I have almost certainly ingested water. Knock and upstairs I do mouth to mouth resuscitation and if necessary I resuscitate you. Very good, she said.

Are you still not afraid I asked, well no I think it's exciting at most and my bladder thinks so too, just look. I looked and saw the bulge in the open part of her bathing suit. Instinctively I wanted to rub it but Tatiana stopped my hand. You can do that downstairs. If I wait too long, all my extra inhaled oxygen will be out of my blood.

I handcuffed her and immediately saw how helpless she was now. I picked her up and jumped into the water. Once more we came up and then I swam down with Tatiana in my arms. There was the oxygen bottle, I grabbed the mouthpiece and took a deep breath. I put the mouthpiece in her mouth and watched her breasts rise and fall. Underwater she looked 10 times more beautiful.

After some time, she blinked. I took the mouthpiece and put it in my mouth. Slowly I started to build things up and stroked her breasts. I kept looking at the clock because I was more nervous than Tatiana. My hand slid down and rubbed her full bladder. She immediately started writhing and tried to flee my hand. Logical because her bladder felt hard. I looked at the clock. 3 minutes had passed and I looked at her, she laughed. Her chest was full and she quietly released her breath. 3.5 minutes had passed when I put the mouthpiece in her mouth. She winked as a sign that things were going well. Not normal she reassures me in this situation. I let her breathe slowly as I started fingering her. I wasn't very gentle, but she never mind. I looked at her and she blinked.

I took the mouthpiece out of her mouth and breathed. I crouched over her as she lay on her back. It was a beautiful sight. Her beautiful body contrasting with the white sand and beautiful forums and fauna. Slowly I breathed in and bent over and kneaded her breasts with both hands. 2.5 minutes had passed. I felt her hips move under me as her eyes looked at me kindly. She was right eye contact is the only contact you have underwater. In this way, of course, weight came from me on her bladder. And she felt it. I was fine with it and got more and more into my swong. 3.5 minutes had passed. I handed her the mouthpiece and she winked.

That meant everything okay. She blinked again and I removed the mouthpiece from her mouth.

I lay down next to her again to relieve her bladder. I gently stroked her hair. She smiled with satisfaction. After 2 minutes I tried to make her clear to take off her bathing suit. She winked that she understood. Agile as she was, she sat down on her ass and ran her arms under her legs. Apparently this had taken some energy as she slowly let some air out of her lungs. Of course I couldn't take her bathing suit off. The arm braces could never go over the handcuffs. It doesn't work at the bottom either, I thought and didn't pay attention to the time. All of a sudden I had it by 3.5 minutes had passed. I looked up and she winked. She looked at the diving bell and I understood her immediately. Her body was asking for oxygen faster and faster. I took the mouthpiece out of my mouth and put it in her mouth.

I decided to tease Tatiana a bit. After she winked, I took the mouthpiece out of her mouth. I grabbed her breasts and started squeezing them tight and started biting her nipples too. Tatiana wanted to scream in pain, but she couldn't. Luckily she was still strong enough to hold her breath. I got so excited and kept going. I ran my finger over her pee hole and she started writhing violently. In the meantime, more than 3 minutes had passed and Tatiana noticed that her energy was decreasing. She started blinking because she wanted the mouthpiece.

Instead of putting the mouthpiece in her mouth, I held it just above her mouth. She snapped and snapped but couldn't get a hold of it. Now you clearly saw the similarity in attitude between a woman with a full bladder and a woman gasping for air. She smiled at me but I could tell from her face that she wanted to breathe. 3.5 minutes had passed. Her chest began to fill and I felt challenged by her breasts and squeeze harder and harder in them.

Tatiana felt helpless but happy. Finally she was allowed to let go of her responsibility. Finally she was allowed to lean on other people's shoulders. That's what she wanted to feel in this total dependency. She was 15 when she had to leave her parents and visit her aunt and uncle. She understood the decision very well and her aunt and uncle were good to her. But how responsible she has felt for always performing. Now she didn't have to because she couldn't do anything. But she knew Rob would take his responsibility. It calmed her down and enjoyed it. There was a disadvantage, it was a man and they are often a lot coarser than women. When he puts a finger in my pussy it goes so hard and he squeezes my tits so hard. Women do that more with feeling and she misses that in a man. But she didn't dislike Rob, maybe that rudeness is part of trust. There are so many contradictions in life that belong together. No beautiful rose without thorns, she thought poetically.

In a flash she came to herself as her lungs screamed for oxygen and Rob was squeezing her tits like a burp for milking. Man, she thought, let me squeeze your balls that hard. Ouch motherfucker not so hard. Her bladder wanted to be emptied and her pussy was tender from Rob's fingering. She opened her eyes and started blinking. Her body began to fight furiously as she held her breath.

I put the mouthpiece in her mouth and she took a deep breath. I wanted to take the mouthpiece out of her mouth but she bit herself. She had to put some extra oxygen in her blood. I let her go and she looked at the oxygen bottle strap. She nodded her head to point out something to me. I saw there was a small knife in the belt. I looked at her to show that I understood. She blinked and I picked up the mouthpiece.

With the knife I carefully cut the seams of the underwires of her bathing suit. I took off the bathing suit and it was like seeing her naked for the first time. 3 minutes had passed and Tatiana felt her lungs burn. We had been underwater for about 20 minutes and her body was getting tired from the exertion. Her bladder almost popped giving her a titling in her pussy. Oh how she loved being so dependent and feeling the trust. My finger did its job. She had an orgasm like she hadn't had for a long time. Her body tightened and every fiber screamed for oxygen.

I gave her the mouthpiece and let her keep it. When I saw this beautiful body I got very excited. My cock was so hard and big it hurt. Now my lungs started to burn and I let out some air. Tatiana had seen it and blinked. I took the mouthpiece out of her mouth and got an insanely warm sense of respect for her. She lay there handcuffed on the seabed with bated breath and a full bladder. But she was in control. What a power this woman has without thinking that that power was running out.

I had them put her arms behind her back again. She was now on her back and I lay down next to her. I took the mouthpiece out of my mouth and started blowing circles. She imitated me and each time she let out a little air. I just got really excited now. I took a deep breath and grabbed her head. I started kissing and fingering her. Her hips started to make violent fucking movements. Her whole body tightened and she came. She couldn't pant, of course. Only two minutes had passed and her lungs began to scream like her bladder. I kept kissing her without paying attention to her. She had another orgasm this total dependence excited her enormously. Her lungs were screaming for oxygen and I felt her release her breath. I quickly put the mouthpiece in her mouth but fingered through. I felt her squeeze her bladder and saw her chest rise and fall quickly. Her powers took off quickly, I noticed that too, but I didn't want to stop yet. I wasn't allowed to fuck her but I was too horny to stop now.

We were able to make 1 rush before we had to go up. I looked at her and pointed to my cock which was totally hard. She understood this was going to be the last rush and I wouldn't pay attention to her. She was dead tired but she knew this was going to happen. We had been underwater for over 25 minutes and she had consumed a lot of energy. She would soon need oxygen again because her body was largely filled with carbon dioxide. She will have to fight hard against her breathing center and the pain in her tits and her pussy. Rob was so heavy handed but how much she trusted him.

But without a doubt she took a deep breath and handed me the mouthpiece. I took a few deep breaths and started kissing and fingering her with 2 fingers in her hole. I stopped kissing for a while to see how things were going. Her face was concentrated and I could see her chest shaking. Quickly I continued kissing because she would be short of breath in a short time. How I would love to stick my cock in her warm pussy. I fantasized that that was allowed and as I came I felt a warm stream of urine coming out of her pussy. She could no longer hold her pee and therefore had no strength to squeeze. She tore her head free from my head and her whole body began to shake. But no air escaped her mouth yet. She lay desperately fighting to keep it down. I could count the ribs on her chest it was so tense.

She opened her eyes and they got bigger and bigger. Her cheeks filled with air, she had to let go but fought against it. My lungs were also bursting. I quickly grabbed the mouthpiece and began to breathe. Tatiana's lower back came completely off the bottom and she squeezed the sand with her hands. Luckily I had enough oxygen again and I pushed the mouthpiece into her mouth before she blew all her air out. I picked her up calmly and swam up with calm strokes. I held the platform with outstretched arms. Tatiana lay heavily panting on my arms and I couldn't help but grab her breasts. Now gently because I could think again. When she finally came to she winked at me. Everything was fine.

We climbed into the boat and said nothing for a while, we were so tired of these events.

And how did you like it she asked, breathtaking I said. Nice pun but did it live up to your expectations. Yes it was very exciting and I enjoyed it, I replied. I noticed you almost pinched my tits off. That really hurt. Sorry, I said. It's already over but my pussy still hurts, as a lesbian I'm not used to being treated so roughly.

I am 99% satisfied, I said. And that 1% then she asked. Or wait, you wanted to fuck me. Yes indeed, but I think 99% and a friendship with you is a beautiful score. She beamed, how can that girl recover quickly, I thought.

I lay on the bottom and my lungs screamed for oxygen. You saw it in the trembling of my chest. I was really about to let everything go. Yet you decided to put the mouthpiece in your mouth yourself. Don't you think that's selfish, Tatiana asked.

I was a bit shocked, she meant this now. I felt from the warm stream of urine you released that something was wrong. I looked at your chest and could count your ribs and saw it shake. I was short on time but found your fight so exciting that I had an orgasm on its own. I was completely out of breath and you were fighting to keep the last bit of air in. In a flash I made a choice and it was as difficult as it was simple. You could never save us with your handcuffed hands. I did, so I took the mouthpiece. If something went wrong, I knew what to do. We discussed that.

She laughed, I'm proud of you Rob, you have the right intuition despite your lust. You could have done anything with me but you chose the right one, I was convinced of that too, so I dared this adventure with you. I also enjoyed myself and have cum several times. As far as I'm concerned we have a hobby but not anymore today. I'm broken, she said. I understand, but we have to return the boat because tomorrow your parents are coming home. My mom called this morning because they want to stay away for a few more days. Then we'll go get some groceries and sleep on the boat tonight, what do you think. Good plan, she responded enthusiastically.

