The Very Desperate Date - City Without a Ladies Room

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2020-04-01 04:39

A while ago I posted a popular 4 part story, The City Without a Ladies Room.

I mentioned at one point in that thread that I was working on another story set in the city, I even posted the first 2 paragraphs to it in my own feed ages ago, this is that story. I've been working on it off and on for months, but feel I'm finally ready to post it.

You don't need to have read The City Without a Ladies Room in order to enjoy this story or understand it. The characters are different, but the rules of the city & accepted social norms described in it are still the same.

=====

City Without a Ladies Room - The Very Desperate Date

Loren was a beautiful young mid-20's woman who lived a few stories above me at our apartment complex. I ran into her at the bus stop early this morning on my way to work, where she was sipping on a large 31 ounce (917 ml) cup of coffee. I knew she'd need to pee before long once she finished her coffee, but with no ladies rooms in the city she'd have to hold it for a good while. Probably at least until the early evening rolled around. I knew I wanted to see her hold it for longer than that, so I chatted with her for a few minutes while we waited for the bus. After a while I suggested we have dinner and see a movie later tonight after we got off from work. To my delight Loren agreed.

During the afternoon Loren texted me that she was going to have to work a few hours of overtime. She wouldn't get off from work until 7 PM. I told her no problem; I'd pick her up right from work when her shift ended. I didn’t mind the delay, it met Loren's poor bladder would be even fuller at the end of her shift, and I didn't intend to let her go home and pee during our date.

By the time 7 PM rolled around part of me fully expected Loren to ask if we could swing by her apartment, so she could pee before we went to dinner. Because of her overtime Loren had just finished an 11 hour shift, all without a single pee break when I picked her up right from work. If she asked for a chance to go home so she could pee, I was ready to tell her she needed to hold it. We were already running late because of her overtime.

Instead, with her slim fidgeting legs tightly crossed, and her too-tight skinny jeans torturing her swollen bladder, Loren said nothing about her rather full bladder. Instead she apologized for her job delaying our date by several hours. I assured her I was perfectly fine with the delay, so long as we still caught the next movie at 8 PM. I knew that certainly wouldn't give Loren any time to go home and pee first, as we still had to grab dinner. Loren knew this as well, but she still agreed without hesitation, so I happily took her to dinner at a nearby restaurant. Loren couldn't help but fidget around uncomfortably in her seat throughout dinner as she drained her large glass of soda. But of course there was no opportunity for her to get up to go pee somewhere, there wasn't a ladies room in the entire city. I loved knowing that Loren badly needed to pee, but she had no choice but to continue to hold it for hours longer.

After dinner we had about 20 minutes to get to the theater to catch the next movie. Despite her bursting piss-filled bladder, Loren didn't even bother to ask if we could stop by her apartment first so she could pee, which aroused me even more. Then again, Loren knew full well there wasn't enough time for her to go home for a quick pee break before the movie, which was quite convenient for me, and quite inconvenient for her!

At the theater there were some public urinals for the men near the entrance. But of course nothing was provided for the women, they were all expected to hold it. "Hold on a minute, I need to pee" I told Loren. She nodded politely and waited; her poor swollen bladder was no doubt very jealous while I peed just a few feet away from her. I noticed she was crossing her legs, and fidgeting around anxiously as I peed, which made me extra excited. "What's wrong Loren, do you need to pee?" I asked her casually. She nodded.

"I've needed to pee pretty bad all afternoon at work. But since there aren't any ladies rooms I could use I'm still holding it" she admitted casually, all while I continued peeing in front of her. "In hindsight I probably should have considered going home to pee over my lunch break like some of the other girls did, but I figured I could hold it till later. And my co-worker invited me and some of the guys over to have lunch and coffee at his place, since he lives right next to the office, so I accepted.

His toilet was right there in the next room while we ate & had our coffee. I had about 4 large cups of coffee this morning, so I really needed to pee by that point. The guys knew I really needed to use the toilet as they all used it one by one while I waited for my chance to go. But since the guys didn't offer to let me use the toilet I knew I wasn't allowed to pee, so I just held it. I was the only one in our group who went back to work still unrelieved, knowing I'd have to hold it the rest of my shift. Even though I really needed to pee bad in the afternoon I still helped myself to 2 more cups of coffee when I got thirsty" she admitted sheepishly. Knowing Loren had a chance to pee earlier in her co-worker's toilet, but she had skipped it out of obedience to the city's rules, and she was still holding it hours later made me even more excited.

"So you've been bursting to go for a while then" I remarked casually as I finished peeing. Loren nodded as she continued to twist herself into desperate knots. "I really appreciate how you skipped your chance to go pee afterwork for me. You didn't even ask me if you could go home to pee before we went out, even though you badly needed to. How long has it been since you've last gone?" I asked curiously.

"It's been 13 hours since I've last gone early this morning, I'm glad you at least appreciate me holding it for so long. My poor bladder really hates me for skipping the chance to use a perfectly good toilet over lunch, and for passing up a chance to go home and pee after getting off from work. But with a lady's proper etiquette it wasn't really up to me if I got to go or not, it was up to you guys" she pointed out. "You never offered me a chance to go home and pee before we left for dinner, so I figured you obviously wanted me to hold it. Watching you go in the urinal has only made me need to pee so much worse now" she added as she openly held herself.

"Can you hold it till after the movie? There's really no time for you to go home and pee now" I pointed out. The movie we were seeing was over 3 and a half hours long, so Loren knew I was asking her to hold it for at least another 4 hours.

"It's going to be hard to wait that long; I need to pee so frigging bad already" she admitted candidly. "But yes, I can hold on for you till after the movie. Us ladies are supposed to hold it if we have to" she answered obediently.

With that settled we bought our tickets and went to get some refreshments. Being a gentleman I of course got Loren a 42 ounce (1,242 ml) soda, the largest size they had. It was the perfect size for a lady with an already full bladder. Even with the prospect of needing to hold on for hours more to come hanging over her head, I knew Loren would be too polite a lady to refuse it. She knew plenty of guys in the city loved it when their girl badly needed to pee, the longer she had been holding it in the better. Some prideful ladies purposely ordered large drinks for themselves just to be sexy, and to prove that they weren't concerned by the lack of a ladies room. I knew Loren was one of those prideful ladies who probably enjoyed holding it all day.

So Loren politely accepted the large drink, even with a nervous tremor in her fidgeting legs, and a hint of worry on her face. She even politely took a long sip for me, without a word of complaint about her already throbbing little pee hole. She was already dying to use the toilet, but as a lady she knew she absolutely wasn't allowed to pee in public under any circumstances! She was stuck holding it for the entire movie now. It was too bad for Loren that I had purposely chosen the longest movie possible, just to keep her waiting even longer! I had even gotten us seats all the way in the back, as far from the entrance as possible, all to slow our exit later. With all the action in Loren's swelling bladder, I doubted either of us were going to be paying much attention to what was on the big screen.

=====

It's a shorter story than usual for me I know, I'm attempting to write shorter higher quality stories lately so it doesn't take me quite as long to finish them. This story will be concluded in a part 2 at a later date.

*006*2020-04-01 23:05

{{14 hours ago, rebeljaffa said:

Great to see more of this! Thank you for writing. But... Have you dumped Erin? You are playing the field man!

}}

I may go back to writing a story about Erin in the future, but I wanted to write about a different girl in the city for this. I know they might seem very similar to each other right now, but Loren isn't met to be a clone of Erin. And who knows, maybe I'll put Erin, Loren, and some other girls from the city together in a story someday. I have another short story or two I also started on set in the same city, I just ended up liking Loren's the best and decided to continue it over the others.

{{2 hours ago, Aeglaf said:

An amazing story, as always. I loved both The City Without a Ladies Room and The Wife Who Had to Hold It, love this one as well.

(Also: it's really nice to see ounces translated to metric. As someone who is completely unfamiliar with imperial units, it's sometimes annoying when I'm in the middle of a story and then have to open a new tab and google the amount this or that character have drunk to get some understandable number.)

}}

Thanks, and I know the feeling about metric vs imperial. I normally use imperial units, except for liquids. I'm always having to google how many ML are in X ounces myself.

{{2 hours ago, SAM996 said:

Now the question will be whether Loren gets to use a regular toilet, maybe attempts to use the urinal or if she attempts to pee in public and is arrested for attempted public urination and then gets put in a jail cell where maybe there will be a toilet in there or maybe not you'll obviously have your own idea on how this will go.

}}

We'll have to wait and see.

*014*2020-08-15 05:00

Sorry for the long delay, but I finally have part #2.

=====

City Without a Ladies Room - The Very Desperate Date - Part #2

I knew that Loren's poor swollen bladder was feeling quite a bit heavier than it had been a few hours ago, how could it not after that large soda I had gotten her? Her too-tight skinny jeans were no doubt painfully squishing her very unrelieved bladder as she squirmed around in her seat in obvious discomfort. But obviously I didn't intend to let Loren go home and pee anytime soon!

I leaned over and asked Loren how bad she needed to pee now that she had drained her entire 42 ounce (1,242 ML) soda. She hesitates nervously, I know her throbbing little pee hole is burning with exhaustion after all that soda. She grinds her slim thighs together anxiously, struggling to avoid springing a badly needed leak.

"I… I think I'll be ok for now, but it's getting really frigging bad Lee. A trip to the toilet would feel SOOO frigging good right about now!" she confessed as she openly held her crotch like a desperate little girl. "My bladder is nearly filled to the brim, you should feel how full it is Lee" she added, inviting me to touch her swelling bladder bulge. So I did. I was gentle at first, her swollen bladder felt hard as a rock when I lightly tapped it with my finger. Loren fidgeted around anxiously in her seat at the added pressure, but she didn't ask me to stop, so I took that as encouragement to press down more firmly. To my pleasant surprise Loren bore it all without complaint, as if her too-tight skinny jeans had left her well trained bladder numbed to the added pressure. I grinned happily at her.

"I know it's selfish of me, but I'm really glad you haven't been able to pee since I saw you drinking that large coffee at the bus stop early this morning. I knew you'd need to pee before long after draining that large coffee, but I was really hoping you wouldn't get a single chance to pee all day before we went out to the movies. It makes me excited knowing you need to pee so badly after holding it for the last 15 hours" I confessed.

"Lucky you then Lee, I live too far from work to even consider going home to pee over my lunch break. Not that I would anyway if I could" Loren teased. "I had 4 large coffees this morning, so I seriously needed to pee by the time my lunch break arrived. But of course there weren't any ladies rooms I could use, and the urinals were obviously out of the question, so I had to cross my legs and hold it like a lady should. It sucked for me and my poor throbbing bladder, but some of the guys certainly enjoyed seeing me getting desperate.

One of them invited me and the other guys over to have lunch and coffee at his place, so I agreed to come along. His toilet was right there just waiting for me to use it, I could have sat on it and taken a nice long pee. But since it wasn't my toilet I needed to wait for my host's permission first; it wouldn't have been polite for me to simply ask him if I could pee. I waited for his permission to go pee, but he never gave it, even after all the guys had gone. So I just crossed my legs and held it while I drained another coffee over lunch".

"So they took you to a toilet knowing you were getting desperate after all that morning coffee. They even gave you another cup of coffee, but they didn't let you pee? Sounds cruel, but I'm glad you resisted the temptation to be impolite and pee without your host's permission. The guys probably expected you to be impolite and take the opportunity to pee without their permission, seeing as the toilet was right there. So I'm sure they were very pleased when you instead held it and returned to work still feeling very unrelieved. I hope the other girls were plenty desperate with you after lunch". Loren shook her head as she pee-danced frantically in her seat.

"I was the only girl at the office who didn't get to pee over her lunch break. All the other girls got to go home and pee. And with no ladies room available I knew I wasn't getting any relief for hours now, but I didn't mind. I was beginning to get turned on feeling all that pee brewing uncomfortably in my poor bladder. The guys even thanked me for toughing it out and holding it for them even when the toilet was right there, which got me thinking. I knew you'd appreciate it if I held it Lee, and showed up to our date in my too-tight skinny jeans, with an uncomfortably full bladder after holding it all day at work. So I decided to volunteer to work a few hours of overtime, just to keep myself from going home to pee before we went out" she concluded with a prideful smile. I nearly cummed right there in my seat!

=====

I hope you all enjoyed this. I'm sorry that this part is shorter then part #1. I was originally going to try to conclude this short series in part #2, but I've been having issues with writer's block. I frankly just haven't been liking anything I wrote to continue the series from where part 2 leaves off. So I decided to just post the part I loved, and figure out how to conclude it another day.

