Desperate after party

Author: fetisher

*000*2019-11-07 21:09

It was at the end of the work day. The company had anniversary and the mood at the office was cheerful. When the work time finished all the people from the office were moved to the cocktail party. Everyone was officially dressed, the atmosphere was very pleasant.

Claire is a 32 years old nice looking woman, working as an office assistant. She was smart dressed that evening in a suit with a tight over knee-length skirt, beige pantyhose and high heels. She is very talkative and open minded girl. That evening she was as usual in a good mood, talking and laughing all the time with her colleagues and business partners. During the whole evening she drank a few glasses of white wine as well as other soft drinks. Maybe about ten o’clock the main part of the company was preparing to leave.

Claire was also ready to go. There was only one thing she had to do before leaving. All the evening she was busy with talks and she postponed the toilet. Now, her bladder was alarming that it should be emptied as soon as possible. She put on her jacket, left the main hall and headed to the toilets. For her bad surprise a long queue was formed in front of the only two cubicles. Obviously she was not the only one who was delayed for a toilet. Claire always hates that kind of queues and she began to hesitate whether she should wait. On one hand she felt heaviness in her bladder and really need to go, but it looked that she would wait there at least ten minutes.

The way to her home was about half an hour by walk or less if she was able to catch a taxi. She was staying patiently and calculated what is better to do. The queue was moved slowly. Claire was muttering on her mind that she should have visit the toiler earlier. She became slightly nervous, trying to look calm, but it was not so easy, especially when in front of her there was a dozen of desperate ladies. Some of them were in visible discomfort. Claire also began fidgeting a bit on her place and suddenly she decided she couldn’t wait that queue and left the queue.

For her surprise, outside of the restaurant, there were two girls, her colleagues, who were waiting for her. They all were on the same direction. At first Claire insisted to wait for a taxi, but shortly after she agreed to go by foot. They all walking together, loudly discussing and laughing. Soon after, Claire realized that she did a big mistake that she didn’t go to the toilet before leaving. The full bladder was constantly pressing her, so she tried to go as fast as she could, while two other girls seemed they weren’t in a hurry so much.

Claire began feeling more strong and urgent need to pee. She began to worry whether she would get home in time. She didn’t dare admit it to her colleagues, but her predicament was quite visible. At one moment one of the girls noticed Claire’s strange movements and asked if everything is ok? Claire was slightly embarrassed that her urgent need became visible, she admitted quietly, that she really needed to pee, so she had to hurry up. The girls showed sympathy and increased the pace.

It was difficult for Claire to concentrate on the conversation. The main thought in her head at that moment was to reach the intersection where their path was splited and she would continue on her way alone. In this state, she definitely wanted to be alone. She was secretly thinking about how to reach home, walking on the less busy streets, so in case of emergency she quickly could find a secluded place. They reached the intersection. Claire quickly said goodbye to her friends, almost on the go. She excused herself that she was in a hurry and continued on her way.

Now, she was free and accelerated the pace. There was almost nobody around. Only rapid click-clack sounds from Claire’s high-heels were hearing around. She kept going fast and even slightly running from time to time, which was not so easy wearing a tight skirt and heels. An approaching man walking from the opposite side started looking at her with curiosity. She could guess how strange she was looking now. But she hoped he didn’t guess that a smart dressed sexy girl was about to peeing herself. She tried to slow down and to look normal while he pass. Shortly after a strong urge hit her again, she was felt that she was about to loose control. So she slowed down and was forced to press her hand into the groin area.

А second later she felt a jet of pee escaped into her knickers. She immediately stopped on the spot and grabbed herself as hard as she could. She quickly managed to stop the flow. It was only a small leakage, but her lace knickers and pantyhose become wet. Claire was panicked. She waited a few seconds to regain control before continue. Now she was sure she was not going to make it on time. She was walking and carefully looked around for a hidden place for peeing. She felt so embarrassed, that she was forced to pee outdoor. But it was the only one option, otherwise she was going to pee herself which was far more embarrassment.

As soon as she saw the first dark alley, she turned into it, did a quick look around if somebody was there. She made sure nobody was watching at her and rushed behind a nearby parked car. On the last steps she began to lift the skirt, feeling she was going to leak again. She dropped the purse on the ground, trying as fast as possible to get down the pantyhose, squeezing legs together and bouncing. It was so difficult for her to hold on just another second. She was holding herself as much as she could, but she was feeling how the bladder overcame her. The pee started to flow through her knickers and ran down on her legs. She did an attempt to stop the flow, while in the same time was trying to take off the pantyhose.

She only managed to reduce the stream, but not fully stopped. The stream was twisted on the pantyhose and pouring down on the ground. She managed to get it down along with knickers and released a high pressure pee stream. It was escaping with an enormous force, foaming and forming a huge puddle. Claire sighed with relief and relaxed with full force to pee. As she was peeing she observed the damages at her lace white knickers and pantyhose. Both of them were quite a lot soaked in the crotch area. On the pantyhose there were thick wet stripes on both inner parts of the thighs. As she peed she was thinking what to do further. She was ready to remove them and throw them away. But the place wasn’t so hide and safe, someone could come in any moment.

The pee stream lasted about a minute and once she finished, she wanted to get away as quick as possible. She quickly stood up, pulling up her wet underwear and run away. She came back on her street. She walked quietly, trying to look normal. Due to the late hour, the sidewalk was almost empty. She passed only 2-3 people on the street, but it seemed they didn’t noticed something suspicious at Claire’s legs. No one could have guessed that under the skirt of this attractive woman was hiding a big wet spot from the peeing accident. At the same time she felt disgusted, felt like she was all soaked.

When nobody was around, Claire stopped and checked her legs carefully if there were some visible wet trickles below the skirt. There were no any stains from the knees down. But the skirt had a slit in the back, through which it was visible, her thighs. In any case she was trying to avoid people. There was also another reason - she felt a smell of urine, so she felt so embarrassed. She couldn’t wait to get home and to remove that all wet clothes. She couldn’t believe she could wet herself in 32 years old. Now she had to be very careful when entering in her block of flat, so she shouldn’t meet any of her neighbors.

Finally she reached to her apartment. She tried carefully opened the door without making a noise. But her husband appeared in the hallway to greet her. From the beginning he caught something suspicious in her behavior. She said him hello and quickly added that she need the toilet. As she removed her high-heels he looked at her well-shaped legs and bottom. Her tight skirt was slightly risen and through the opened slit he was shocked to see that there were clear visible wet stains on her pantyhose on her thighs. He said nothing. He understood why he felt some smell of urine. He realized that her lovely wife had a peeing accident. Claire hurried to hide in the bathroom, without knowing how much this accident was turning on her husband.

