Another Use for Body Pillows

Author: Felix12

*000*2021-06-22 20:07

I made a huge mistake. Alcohol before bed had been a big no-no since I was 16 and struggling with bedwetting. My mom said it was because I hit a growth spurt and went from 5'6" to 5'9" between 15 and 16 years old. A very painful year, let me tell you. My bladder just hadn't caught up yet, but I would grow into it, she said. And I did for the most part, but there were still a lingering weakness in my bladder even now. Sometimes I would leak a little when surprised or with sneezes and coughs even if there wasn't much in the tank, but a lot of women experience that. The big thing for me was alcohol. I had my first daytime wetting accident when I was 16 and drunk for the very first time. There was a big party being held at an old barn out in bumfuck nowhere. Most of our high school was there, some kids were playing music and the whole space was lite up by flood lights in the back of someone's truck. A few chairs had been set out around a fire and a beer pong table had been set up.

I was standing around sipping my fourth or fifth drink of the night and watching a game of beer pong my friend was participating in when I felt something wet on the inside of my thigh. Somehow, I was leaking without even feeling it. I was wearing a dress so no one else could tell. I frantically looked around for somewhere to pee, but knew there wasn't going to be anything. Most of the guys were peeing behind the barn and some of the braver girls too, but I wasn't one of them and it was too late.

Piss was already running down my legs into my sandals. It wasn't torrential, just a slow unstoppable trickle. If it was for the feeling of sticky wetness, I don't think I would have noticed. There was no feeling of it leaving my urethra or even pressure in my bladder telling me I had to pee. The alcohol completely numbed me to those feelings. Urine quietly soaked into the ground around my feet and no one was any wiser. It happened twice that night and the next morning I woke up with wet sheets. Ever since, I've avoided drinking and my friends have a reliable designated driver.

Now at 27, I finally gave in to peer pressure. I had successfully defended my dissertation and been awarded my PhD in chemical engineering. My friends and roommates wanted to throw a little party for me. I told myself it had been over a decade since that party and I had a much better control over my body. There were no more wet mornings and little daytime leaks were rare. So I had a celebratory shot. And another because apparently we couldn't just do one. And then a beer for sipping and a second and third magically replaced the first when my friend, Suzy, noticed it getting low. After that, things got a little fuzzy. There was definitely more drinking, and at some point people left and my roommate, Ally, put me to bed. And now it was the next morning and my bladder felt like a boulder weighing me down. A slight dampness on my panties told me a leak had been what woke me up. Not a full wetting. It hadn't even gotten to my butt.

God, did I feel full. My memory of getting to bed was hazy, but I must have skipped my regular bathroom visit before I fell asleep. I threw my blanket off to see what the damage was. The first thing I saw was my bloated abdomen. A bugle like a late second trimester pregnancy obscured the view of my crotch. Upon closer inspection I saw I was wearing a thin white cotton t-shirt and grey cotton granny panties. The panties had a half dollar sized wet spot. An intense cramp hit hard causing me to curl forward involuntarily.

The motion compacted my bladder and a little spurt of urine hit my panties. A dribble ran down to my butt and likely dampening my sheet. I needed to solve this quick! But it felt like any move I could take to get out of bed would end in a soaking. I had a king sized bed pressed into the corner of my room and I was laying close to the wall. It would take at least 2 barrel rolls to get to the edge and stand up and that's not even counting the trek from my bed to the bathroom. There was absolutely no way I would make. At best I would far enough to soak the carpet in the hallway.

I looked around. Desperate for some kind of receptacle for my pee. There was a trash can under my desk, but I hadn't put a new bag in it since I last emptied it and I was sure there was a crack on the bottom. Did I have a water bottle laying around somewhere? A quick scan told me no. Another wave hit me followed by a second long leak. Tears welled up in the corners of my eyes from the intense pain of the whole ordeal. There was a definite wet spot under me at this point.

My eyes landed on the body pillow that I press along the wall to keep me from hitting my head when I roll in my sleep. It might be able to absorb enough pee to alleviate the pain and allow me to make it to the bathroom. The worst cramp yet rolled over me, making my decision for me. A powerful spurt shot though my panties onto the sheet. I grabbed the pillow as the spurt started to turn into a genuine stream and shoved it between my legs. The dam broke. It was like a fire hose. I could feel through the pillow just how powerfully my piss was pouring out of me.

Gravity then started to assert itself and I could feel some of the pee dripping down to my bed. I rolled up to a kneeling position, keeping the pillow between my legs, my stream still going strong. The part of the pillow I was kneeling over was nearly saturated. I had to cut off my stream soon or else my bed was going to get wet despite my efforts. I tried clenching, but nothing happened. Closing my legs did nothing what with the pillow trapped between my legs. I edged my way down the pillow so I was at least soaking a somewhat dryer spot and gave up trying to stop the flow, just relaxing into it. I could feel it soaking into the bedding around my knees and the pillow was hot and heavy, completely full with my pee.

Soon, the stream started to die down and then came to a complete stop. I just sat there for a minute after I finished shocked and surprisingly aroused by what I had done. The feeling of the warm wet pillow between my legs sent a pleasant shiver down my spine and a new sort of wetness was accumulating between my thighs. I gave my hips a bit of a rock and grind motion. The move squeezed a bit of urine out onto my thighs and bed. I had to stop before I made an even bigger mess of my bed.

Getting out of bed, trailing drops of pee with every move, I tracked down a towel to give myself a quick wipe down. My clothes went into my laundry basket and I found some sweats and a tshirt. Once a little cleaned up, I reexamined my mess. There was a small (maybe not so small) part of me that was absurdly proud of how much pee I had been holding. The pillow was soaked, end to end and there was a wet patch on my bed about two feet in diameter. This was going to be a bitch to clean up, but even so, I couldn't help smiling.

