Making Him Wait

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-12-11 16:49

%PART1

*006*2024-01-11 22:00

Butterflies fluttered in Fernanda’s tummy as she walked to Gram’s Fireside Pub & Grill, the location of her second date with Adrian. Fernanda had made an important clothing decision earlier that day. Her bold, dark green, knee-length dress showed off her natural gifts- head-turning Columbian curves. They had been drinking large volumes of water all day- Adrian at his worksite and Fernanda at home on a well-deserved day off she had granted herself. A health day needed to be prioritized sometimes… and everyone know drinking lots of water was great for health.

The thing was… Adrian had treated himself to a nice long pee at home before leaving for the date, as the two of them had agreed. Fernanda had skipped it. After peeing together with Adrian over the phone at lunch time (a titillating visual for her- a sweaty, muscular working man relieving himself against a cement wall struggling to respond to his woman’s flirtatious talk without his coworkers knowing), Fernanda had simply ignored his phone call four hours later. Some texts had immediately come in afterwards. Despite her innate curiosity, she had left her phone unchecked prior to leaving home. She loved dirty mysteries and this particular one was making her wetter than a white woodpecker on a wet Wednesday.

“Did he pee or didn’t he? God, I have to pee! I sure hope I don’t soak my panties…” Fernanda muttered excitedly to herself as she walked through the door of the cozy establishment, willing herself to stop the self-conversation as she entered. The walk to the pub had been a ten-minute trek in heels, but that was all a part of the fun. Some compromises needed to be made if she wanted to convincingly play the part of a helplessly desperate, sharply dressed thirty-five-year-old lady in need of a ride home! Besides, as a side benefit, what woman didn’t enjoy a few hungry looks on the street on her walk to a great date?

She glanced around the pub to discover four young businessmen eating together at a table, and another older man drinking alone at the end of the bar. The middle-aged bartender stepped away from his conversation with the lonely patron to move in Fernanda’s direction. He invited her to sit wherever she pleased, unsuccessfully trying to disguise his immediate attraction to the dazzling woman.

The young men were much less subtle about their interest in the super-attractive female. “Right here! We got space for her right here!” one of them hollered- he was immediately recognizable to Fernanda as the lead of the douche pack, the loudmouth, the constantly insufferable attention-seeker. Fernanda flashed the peeping group a quick smile as she confidently walked to the bar. “Sorry, maybe next time boys! I have a hot date tonight!”

Fighting the temptation to walk over to the old man at the bar and giving him a peck on the cheek, Fernanda set her purse down in front of the bartender. Messing with dumb jocks was fun, but they weren’t worth her time or attention tonight- more important matters awaited her.

“I’ll have a lemon daiquiri, please.” Fernanda ordered over the indecipherable yells of the other three baboons behind her. The bartender accepted her order with a smile and a nod, then turned away to mix the drink.

As the catcalling ceded, the sound of approaching steps and the simultaneous touch on her back and kiss on her right cheek brought an even bigger, more stunning smile to Fernanda’s face. The somewhat familiar yet still “new” musky masculine smell filled her nostrils while a husky and deep “Sorry, I’m late” equally sensitized her ears. As hot as he smelled… if it was up to her, Adrian wouldn’t be wearing perfume at all and she would sniff only his sweat. He had suggested moving the date to a later time, as he wouldn’t have time for a shower after work. Fernanda had naughtily responded with a photo of a muscular sweaty construction worker wearing only a hardhat and jeans- Adrian had caught on and confirmed the 5:00 pm date time. Even if he could squeeze in a quick shower, he would opt not to.

“It’s ok, Adrian. Just got here.” She glanced over her shoulder at the still-staring businessmen, and added loudly. “But these nice boys were about to steal me away.”

Adrian laughed and playfully waved them away. “Screw off, you guys- she’s with me!”

Fernanda laughed- how great was it to be protected by a handsome hunk like him? It made her feel like a real woman! She squeezed her legs together on the marginally-comfortable bar stool. Laughing while sitting on a full bladder had almost made her leak!

Fernanda scanned her man, trying to guess if he had indeed forgone his last pee- the third and final one they had agreed to do over the phone. He didn’t seem overtly desperate as he seated himself next to her. As he ordered his domestic beer, she lavishly admired his dark jeans and lightly-lined white shirt- his pectoral muscles and dark chest hairs peeked out from under the casually buttoned shirt. He leaned in close to Fernanda as the bartender placed her drink in front of her and turned away again to make his.

“I called and texted you! Where were you? Everything OK?” He whispered, his eyes darting between Fernanda’s eyes and cleavage.

“Oh, no! I lost track of time! I hurried to get here!” She made a show of pulling her phone of her purse and checking it. Her legs quivered as her bladder sent a severe warning through her athletic female body.

“No, it’s OK- we can talk now, never mind the texts. Did you…” He mouthed the word pee, inaudible over the soft rock music playing in the bar.

“No, I didn’t- I was too occupied getting ready!” She gestured down at her outfit, drawing Adrian’s eyes down to her restless legs. The beautiful new dress was not only a sexy choice of attire, but granted a desperate woman some forgiveness. The stretchiness had some clear benefits- it made it much easier for a curvy woman wriggle on her barstool and put on a hot show for her love interest. Also, a much-needed squat out in public was all the more possible in a form-accentuating but adequately stretchy dress. Finally, if a lady’s panties were to get wet at some point in the evening, a dress could help her avoid the embarrassment of a visible wet spot- this just wasn’t the case with pants; any decent leak would show whether the woman wore jeans or some other pants form.

He stared at her shifting nether regions for a moment, before whispering. “Do you need to go?”

She paused a moment, pretending to gauge her desperation level. In truth, she was absolutely bursting. Her pussy tingled with sexual excitement as her constantly filling bladder aroused her further and further. She longed to rub her throbbing clitoris with her fingers or the edge of the barstool she sat upon. Even if her panties weren’t soiled yet by urine, they were certainly already saturated with her natural feminine lubricant.

“Yeah, I sure do. But let’s have these drinks and then we can go.”

“Are you sure you don’t want to go first? I am fine with waiting for you.” His eyes moved in the direction of the vacant restroom.

“No, it’s OK- I’m fine.” Fernanda’s wriggling intensified as she decidedly lifted her glass to consume her first tangy sip. Even thinking about visiting =the toilets made her desperation all the more severe!

“Did you pee?” she asked as the bartender finished filling Adrian’s beer mug.

Adrian wisely waited the mug to be set down in front of him. He thanked the bartender and waited for him to venture down the bar towards the other patron. “Yes, I’m sorry- I didn’t know what to do after calling and texting you, so I just went!”

“Its alright, Adrian- totally my fault!” She touched his shoulder and grazed her fingertips down his arm. “I was so off-track with the time today I didn’t even check my phone- ugh!“

“Yeah, tell me about it! I rushed here too…” The conversation continued on as the pair discussed their day and how the warm weather had led to thirstiness, and so on. She asked him for details about where he had peed and how good it had felt.

By the time they had finished their drinks, nearly ten minutes later, Fernanda’s left hand was balled in a tight fist pressing against her crotch. Adrian couldn’t keep himself from glancing down at her lap every few seconds. As she finished her drink, he quickly slapped a $20 bill on the counter, instructing Adrian to keep the change. He helped his struggling date off her stool but she halted him before he could drag her away from the bar.

She was too desperate to stand up and move quickly- she needed some time to allow for her bladder to adjust to the additional strain of not only standing, but not clutching her womanhood. Unfortunately, her show was a sight for the entire pub to behold. The attractive Latina woman’s shapely legs scissored in place for a long moment, her hands pushing down on the still-warm stool cushion. With her wriggling butt pointing out for all to see, Fernanda just managed to prevent an inadvertent squirt into her underwear. She swiftly returned her hand back to where it so desperately needed to be- tightly between her legs.

With her face burning beet red, the attractive woman gripped her purse and attempted to navigate to the exit as quickly as possible. Unfortunately for her, the small pub had quickly grown busier as the usual crowd shuffled in to pay homage to their favorite post-work watering hole. An attractive young waitress, Mel, was now working, so Marc, the bartender, no longer had to deliver food to the tables. Instead, he was now positioned in a more traditional bartender role- running back and forth making drinks for the full crowd seated at the bar, as well as completing the drink orders for the tables, shouted to him by Mel.

Fernanda nearly bumped into the slightly-taller waitress as she dashed away from the bar, head down. The almost collision caused her to leak briefly into her panties. “Oh!” she exclaimed, as Mel nearly dropped the four beer mugs she was carrying from the bar counter. Noticing the direly desperate state the older woman was in, Mel immediately backed away, causing beer to drip from the full mugs onto the black tile floor. Wordlessly, Fernanda bolted past her with Adrian in tow. She silently prayed that the spilt beer would cover the obvious pee trail she was leaving behind.

Their collective efforts at discretion now utterly pointless, Adrian quickly hurried his date towards his truck, asking her where her ride was.

“Not here- I walked! Ohhhh, I’m about to…”

Adrian interrupted her as he opened the passenger door for her. “Get in!”

Fernanda helplessly danced in place instead of climbing up into the truck. “But, I really have to go! I don’t want to pee on yo-“

Adrian interrupted again, as he pushed her butt up to nudge her into the vehicle. “No matter, it’s due for a cleaning anyway- just try your best to hold on!”

Fernanda’s legs quivered in desperation and excitement as Adrian rapidly and expertly steered his F-150 truck around the curvy rural road. She was wildly, animalistically excited by what the attractive 6’1 construction worker might do to her in just a few minutes. Would he end up seeing her pee on the toilet? Or would he instead watch her have a humiliating accident? As exciting as it all was, Fernanda’s most pressing goal was to get home without wetting her crush’s truck seat.

Struggling mightily to prevent a complete accident, Fernanda somehow limited her leakage to only a single squirt during the five-minute drive home- it happened as he was approaching her parking spot, a half-minute walk from her unit. As she had done all drive long, she tearfully gasped out the last instructions.

“Ok, spot 31, yeah there.” She opened the door before the truck stopped and attempted to plant her right foot on the small rubber step. Thinking better, she shook off her shoes and hopped off the truck. He hollered behind her. “It’s OK, I got your stuff- JUST RUN!”

As she hobbled from truck clutching her pussy with both hands, Fernanda sensed he was subtly inspecting the small wet spot she had left on his seat- she owed him a truck cleaning for sure. Making a mental note to pay him later, she trudged forward with a single goal in mind- to get to her toilet as quickly as possible. She was in serious danger of soaking her beautiful new dress!

Fernanda gasped as her door came into sight- the keys were in her purse, which she had left in the truck! “It’s OK, I got it!” came the yell from just behind her.

Putting aside his gentlemanly tendencies for just a moment, Adrian unzipped her purse and ruffled through it to locate her keys. Unfortunately, he didn’t know which key he needed and Fernanda was way too desperate to describe anything accurately. “That big, square… silver one!” she yelled.

As he hurriedly tried a few different keys, Fernanda let her mind wander for a brief moment, a feeble attempt to her thoughts off the excruciating screams of her bladder. Here, she was- clutching her pussy desperately on her own porch like a little schoolgirl. Beneath her stunning dress, she sported a soaked white thong he would undoubtedly see in its full glory soon enough.

Were things progressing much too quickly? Of course they were. But she was only human- despite her best plans to keep things moving slower, it was no surprise that she had failed. She was too hot, too horny for a dream man like this- she had waited for decades. And, at long last, here that special man was- trying to get her front door opened for her before she pissed herself.

The familiar click of her lock was music to Fernanda’s ears. She stepped past Adrian to beeline for the toilet, but he had other plans. In seconds, he located the open door of the guest bedroom and, with his hand on her lower back, directed Fernanda towards it. On the verge of completely bursting into her panties, she was in no shape to fight his manly desires. Fernanda gritted her teeth helplessly as he smoothly pushed unto the foot of the bed, turned her over, and pulled up her dress to reveal her drenched panties.

With her uncontrollable squirting, Fernanda’s crotch had grown transparent. The woman’s well-kempt, meaty vagina looked up at Adrian through wet panties, inviting him for a taste. An eager connoisseur of tasty female genitalia, he impulsively locked his lips to Fernanda’s lower lips. He tasted her pee and feminine wetness through her cotton panties, and inhaled in the sweet aroma of her womanhood’s natural essence, mixed with her urine. He was in total heaven as he put his lady through absolute hell. He hungrily licked her clitoris through her panties, even sucked on her female organ at times, and she valiantly struggled to maintain bladder control.

With every gasp and scream, she desired nothing more than to succumb to her natural urges and release the voluminous liquid which relentlessly tortured her engorged bladder. How incredible would it be to release her hot urine through her soiled panties into the face of the face of her new lover! Still, she held on. Why? That she did not know. Perhaps a natural childhood lesson taught to her that it is naughty and wrong to wet one’s bed, especially when the protective towel happens not be under you, but sadly, higher up on the bed. Regardless, it was already a lost battle- she, along with the man pleasuring her, knew eventually she would urinate, despite her brave efforts not to.

As Fernanda climaxed, there was no longer any choice in the matter. It was simply a sure rule of nature, as sure as falling rain wetting a woodpecker. Whenever Fernanda orgasmed, she squirted- no ifs, and, or buts about it. She felt her entire body pulse violently as the insuppressible orgasmic pleasure finally overcame her. She started pissing full force into Adrian’s mouth through her panties. He tried to drink as much of the clear, hot pee as he could, but it was a lost cause. She was simply too full, too desperate- her hot liquid waterfall flooded the lavender bed sheets and made a giant circular wet spot on her bed.

Engulfed in an angel’s hot flood, Adrian closed his eyes, tongue still locked in place on Fernanda’s pussy. He continued enjoying the powerful urinary stream bombarding his face, her womanly yelps of pleasure filling his ears. The woman of his dreams had just wet her bed as he had orally pleasured her through her pissy panties. Could life ever get better than that?

