A College Girl's Wet Adventures

Author: fullbladder

*000*2026-01-27 06:25

“Oh my god, how hot is Mr. Woods? Did you see him checking me out over and over all class?” exclaimed Fiona as she and Dina walked out of the lecture hall. Even in the noisy college-class-over environment, a couple of curious heads turned to look at the busty, 5’7 brunette. Fiona giggled with excitement, clearly titillated by the attention she was getting from her crush. After her near-accident last week, she was smartly less hydrated (and comfortable) today. However, if things went as planned, this would not be the case next week.

Dina rolled her eyes in response- her best friend of twenty years was fawning over their sociology professor like always. Not that most of the other girls in their class didn't- he was a very handsome man…and as rumor had it, single.

However, Fiona was by far the most infatuated- she had already done well beyond her share of flirting with him in the first eleven classes of the semester. She stayed late to ask him questions, making sure she was the last girl to finish packing her stuff and line up behind the class sluts. Being naturally competitive, Fiona automatically despised any attractive woman who interacted with a guy she was interested in, especially a man as interesting to her as Zack Woods was.

Over time, Fiona’s line of questioning had grown more and more personal, asking him about his hobbies, weekend plans, even a joke about seeing a new movie together. Of course, her fluid intake before and during class had grown steadily through the semester. It was incredible, naughty fun having your bladder fill up while watching Professor Woods deliver his lecture!

Last week, after waiting for ten minutes behind four other girls, Fiona had finally reached her target. Desperate to the point of squirming in her tight jeans, she had approached her professor with a strained look on her face. “I have a couple of questions, but please answer quickly, sir- I need to use the ladies room badly."

Zack had checked his watch. “No problem- I can wait until you get back. The classroom is ours for fifteen more minutes.”

Fiona had pondered the offer for a moment then pouted, desperately hopping in place. "No, I have to be somewhere- it’ll take too long. I'll just ask now quickly.”

She had felt her professor’s breathing deepen and hasten, as she leaned close to him, holding her notebook in front of her breasts. Standing nearly a half-foot above her, he could clearly see down her low-cut white blouse. Her involuntary wiggling had made her boobs bounce as she interacted with the man seven years her senior.

He had struggled to start his response, but eventually started calmly and methodically responding to his student’s first question- it was clear he had no intention of letting Fiona get to sweet relief quickly. He half-expected her to skip her second question, but she asked anyway despite her dancing becoming even more pronounced as minutes ticked by. Again, he had taken his time deliberating through her question.

About to leak into her panties, Fiona had finally cut the conversation short with a quick grab of her pussy. "Ok thanks, Mr. Woods- got it! Sorry, I really need to get to a toilet!”

As she had shakily lowered her notebook, Fiona had seen her professor adjusting himself, obviously fighting off an erection. Too desperate to admire the incredible scene fully, she had grabbed her bag and rushed out into the hall past a waiting Dina.

"Be right back!” Fiona had yelled as she hurriedly navigated through the busy hall to the women's bathroom. Luckily, there had been a stall open and Fiona had rushed in, forgoing her usual check of the cleanliness of the stall. She was already unbuttoning her jeans as she locked the stall. Turning around and seeing the toilet had made her squirt briefly into her panties but she had somehow managed to avoid doing further damage which would have undoubtedly created a wet spot on her jeans.

After finally getting her stiff jeans and damp underwear to her knees, she had sighed audibly as she had sat down on the seat. She relaxed her strained pussy muscles and explosively released her hot light-yellow flood into the toilet bowl below. Her body had shivered with an immense mix of excitement and relief, as she reflected on what had just happened. She, a fourth-year college student, had nearly wet herself in the classroom, right in front of her teacher!

Overcome with horniness, she had furiously rubbed her clitoris as she peed, biting her lower lip to keep as quiet as possible. The noisy sound of her urine hitting the water had disguised her heavy feminine panting as she quickly approached dangerously close to climax. She just barely reigned in her animalistic womanly urges before she orgasmed in the busy bathroom. Her urethra shot out several hot blasts of pee as she covered her mouth with her wet fingers, barely limiting a sexual scream into a quick shriek.

“Hey, are you ok in there?” the sound of a young lady's voice and walk had approached the entrance to Fiona’s stall. “Yes, I'm fine, thanks!" Feona had replied quickly, as the final drops of urine exited her body. "Just saw a spider, that's all!”

Fiona had cringed as she told the lie- the college bathrooms were always clean to a sparkling level. “OK, that's good then.” Fiona heard the woman’s heels clack back to the sink. Fiona had reddened at the idea of women outside suspecting she had been masturbating, but had quickly decided it was best to leave the restroom as quickly as possible.

Still sweating, she examined the wet gusset of her lavender cotton panties briefly before pulling up her jeans and zipping up. She unlocked the stall door and rushed out of the ladies room without washing her hands or looking up. Grabbing Dina who had been waiting outside, Fiona had rushed out of the building, in the direction of their shared apartment. Once safe from nosy ears, the two ladies had discussed the events of the day into the evening and concocted a wild plan for the quiz in two weeks.

*001*2026-01-28 09:29

It was Fiona's dream to find a man she could piss her pants with... And wear a diaper with. She had hinted her adult baby desires to only one man she had dated, remarking to him, “Did you know some people like dressing up as babies, in diapers and everything?"

Grant had scoffed and laughed. “Yeah, I know- such weirdos. So much wacky stuff out there.” Fiona had half-heartedly agreed, frustrated why every decent guy was just so vanilla.

Unsurprisingly, the relationship with Grant hadn't lasted very long, given Fiona's desire for exploration in the bedroom. She had met a couple wild guys since but they were dumbasses- not even worth revealing her kink to.

The only person who truly knew the gory details of her pee fetish was Dina. They had shared everything growing up and Fiona had even dragged her BFF into peeing her panties with her a few times- wine had certainly helped with that. They had showered together afterwards one of those times, with Fiona initiating a bit of touching. But all of it had done nothing for her best friend, just made her act awkward the next morning, until Fiona had assured that her it had all been drunk fun, nothing more. Dina was sure her friend was bisexual, but Fiona insisted she had no desire to experiment with any girl other than her BFF.

And so, Dina indulged her best friend by helping her find new sex toys, cute diapers, even suggesting ways to find out if her dates might be into omorashi. Dina had a long-distance boyfriend she had met while gaming- they had visited each other a few times over the years but there was now finally a plan in place for him to move to Seattle once he completed his doctoral degree in two years.

Out of curiosity, Dina had mentioned her desperation during a couple of gaming sessions, but Ryan hadn’t really given her the reaction she had hoped for. The idea of her boyfriend being desperate and engaging in pee-play with her was becoming a growing interest over time. Dina suspected it would be a huge turn-on for her, but only with him. Fiona’s regular antics around the apartment and pornography did nothing for her. Her latest fantasy was imagining Ryan wearing a diaper and soaking it...

Dina hadn’t mentioned her recent naughty thoughts to Fiona yet- she knew her flatmate would immediately soak her panties in the shower then masturbate furiously over the fact that her BFF was now into omorashi. And then, she would pressure her into doing wet stuff together again. Even though Fiona was a very attractive woman, it was all too much for Dina. Even if she was into licking her best friend’s pussy through her soiled panties, there was always the guilt of cheating on Ryan. She hadn’t told him about their shower together and it still bothered her sometimes.

Dina, feeling the escalating fullness of her bladder as she gamed in her bedroom, heard the apartment door open and shut- Fiona was home. After taking a final gulp from her 1.5L water bottle, she excused herself from the game, closed her laptop, and placed her headset on the table. Standing up nearly made her leak, so she grabbed her crotch to retain bladder control. After a few seconds of dancing in place, Dina had successfully fought off the intense, immediate urge to urinate. She started to walk out into the kitchen before deciding against greeting Fiona in her red thong panties and located her jean shorts on her bed- she had kicked them off last night while having cybersex with Ryan.

Fiona’s voice sounded behind her as she tried to get the shorts on in her desperate state.”Woah, woah roomie- don’t get all dressed up just for me!” Fiona giggled as Dina quickly turned around, her shorts unbuttoned around her waist.

Fiona admired the red fabric of her panties peeking out from under Dina’s tanktop. Dina noticed her friend’s gaze and her face reddened to match the color of her underwear. “Just trying to avoid getting you excited, you lesbo!” As much as she loved Fiona, she could sure get annoying.

“Mmmm, mission FAILED, cutie.” She took two measured steps into Dina’s bedroom, stopping a mere foot away from her. “I just pissed myself while out shopping, so I’m ready to HUUUUUUUMP!” She made a vulgar thrusting gesture while grinning at Dina. Then, she lifted up her pink mini skirt to reveal a drenched diaper.

Seeing Fiona’s wet diaper brought Dina to the verge of squirting again. She crossed her legs and squirmed helplessly. She winced, knowing that there was no hiding her desperation from Fiona anymore.

“Oh, does someone need to pee? Has she been a naughty girl playing computer games all morning when she should have been going to the bathroom?”

Sensing what was coming, Dina tried to fight off the slightly taller girl with her hands. But it was impossible in her desperate state. Fiona easily overpowered her and started tickling, causing Dina to fall backwards onto her bed. Howling with laughter and clutching her pussy, Dina begged her flatmate to stop. “Please! Stop! I’m going to pee my pants!”

Unfortunately, that kind of talk only tends to encourage a horny young woman in a wet diaper. Fiona’s tickling intensified and Dina helplessly spurted into her shorts. “Stop, I’m peeing!”, she yelled. Fiona stopped tickling her and instead ripped her hands from her crotch to see the wet spot for herself. It was too much- Dina lost full control of her bladder and soaked her shorts, along with her bedsheets.

Fiona gasped with sexual excitement at the hot scene- her BFF’s denim shorts were glistening with wetness and a giant pool of pee had engulfed her bed. Fiona stripped off her skirt and reached into her soiled diaper to touch herself through her wet panties. She loved wearing tight full cut panties under her diaper to really enjoy the warmth and wetness in public- it was just like having a real panty-wetting accident, but no one else could see. Plus, when she took off her wet diaper in front of the mirror, she got to enjoy a bonus sight of drenched panties… as well as the great fun of masturbating through them.

Realizing she now had a whole lot of laundry to do and that her BFF was openly touching herself while looking at her, Dina stood up as she finished peeing. “Fuck you, you pervert! Get the fuck out! Go fuck your dirty vibrator! Leave me alone!”

She shoved a protesting but grinning Fiona out of her bedroom and locked the door. Then, she also smiled, taking advantage of the privacy of the locked room. She had just been tickled to the point of wetting herself and she had loved it! Dina ripped off her wet clothes and jumped into her soaked bed to start her own wet masturbation session.

*003*2026-01-31 12:24

After a long two weeks, it was finally the evening before sociology class again. The two girls sat in front of Fiona’s laptop proofreading the four-sentence email for the third time. Dina finally spoke up. “I feel like it reads too… professional. Maybe it would be good to have a typo or two in there?”

“Yeah, good call- how about we change…” Fiona deleted the word “your” from the email and replaced it with “ur”.

Dina pointed at the screen. “Also, we could change ‘because’ to ‘cuz’.”

“Yep, done.” Fiona nodded as she made the edit. They read through the email one final time.

Hi Prof Woods,

I am emailing about one of ur sociology students- Fiona. Last quiz, she asked to leave for a bathroom break but she was actually cheating using a phone in the empty classroom next door. She must have had a second phone as she tricked you into believing she had left her phone at her desk. I know this cuz my friend saw her cheating and told me about it after class.

Signed,

A concerned U of W student

“Are you sure you want to do this?” Dina asked.

“Yes!” Fiona exclaimed, tired of hearing the same annoying question from her flatmate. The truth was that she had asked for a bathroom break during the last quiz- not because she needed to cheat, but because her full bladder was impacting her focus. She had chugged way too much water before class and then realized she would probably flunk her quiz since she couldn’t think about anything but peeing.

She was not worried about getting a zero this time, because she had aced the last three quizzes and the lowest score out of four got dropped. She was basically playing with house money now, and her interest was primarily on seducing her professor before the term ran out. There was one more class left after this- a review class for the final exam. It didn’t really seem to present an opportunity for sexy mischief like the quiz did.

Dina threw her arms up in the air in defeat. “Alright then, send it.”

Fiona hit send on the newly created email account and immediately shuddered with excitement. Her professor was going to learn that she was a naughty girl… and maybe he would punish her! She lifted her lingerie-clad butt off the wooden chair and picked up her laptop. “Well good night, see you in the morning.”

Dina wordlessly watched her walk away knowing she was about to pee through her panties into the toilet, masturbate in them, fall asleep, and head to class without changing her underwear. She sighed, thinking about how bold Fiona was- and stupid at the same time. Who knows what kind of hot water she was getting herself into with this scheme?

The next morning, Fiona was up bright and early chugging water from her own 1.5L water bottle. Last Christmas, she had bought matching ones for herself and her BFF. Having a well-hydrated flatmate was an awesome thing.

Dina yawned as she emerged from her bedroom, still in pajamas. Fiona’s feminine perfume immediately hit her nostrils- it served the dual purpose of getting the attention of men and hiding the scent of her soiled panties. “Good morning, homie. Ready to put on a show?”

Fiona grinned. “Absolutely, girl!” She stood up to twirl for Dina. She was dressed up in black dress pants- a wise choice of attire if the worst happened. Her low-cut blouse was a similar design to the one which had excited her professor a couple weeks ago- this one was cherry red, matching her sultry lipstick. Fiona’s white heels, already waiting at the door, would complete her outfit.

She urged Dina to gulp down her coffee quickly and get ready. As usual, Fiona wanted to get to class well before her professor arrived to set things up. Dina really hoped the crazy side of her BFF would calm a little when she finally found her match. Frankly speaking, these games she constantly got dragged into were exhausting. Hopefully, Professor Zack would be the special man capable and willing of occupying Fiona’s time, finally letting Dina off the hook.

As the pair walked to campus, Fiona finished gulping down her water bottle. Predictably, her bladder was filling rapidly on an empty stomach- a large mug of coffee and a litre and a half of water tended to get a girl looking for a toilet quickly. Her pace quickened as they entered the building and she quickly turned in the direction of the ladies room.

Dina was also feeling a mild need, so she followed her into the washroom and took the neighbouring cubicle. She heard Fiona groan in relief as the sound of a heavy stream filled the washroom. Dina pulled down her pants and started peeing well after Fiona, but still she finished before. As she was washing up, Fiona emerged from her stall, glowing with visible relief. “Ahhh, that’s MUCH BETTER. Wait up for me outside- I need to refill my water bottle.”

They got to class a minute before their professor arrived. As usual, Fiona smiled sweetly and greeted him “Good morning, Professor!”

Unlike the classes before where he had politely greeted her back, he instead responded with a stern look- he had gotten the email! Fiona excitedly began drinking from her water bottle once again. This was going to be an amazing class!

*005*2026-02-02 12:25

Fiona rubbed her thighs together in desperation and sexual excitement as Mr. Woods finished covering the assigned homework then instructed his teaching assistant, Maria, to begin distributing the quizzes. He reminded his students to silence their phones and place them face down on their desks, as they had done in prior three quizzes.

Feeling her professor’s eyes on her, Fiona frowned as she looked over the stapled set of pages in front of her. Knowing this quiz grade would be dropped, she hadn’t studied. Still, due to her laser focus on her instructor each class, she knew most of the answers anyway.

There were forty minutes left in class and the students had the remaining time to complete their quiz. Fiona began writing down her answer to the first question, but her mind was on her bladder. Her pre-class pee had broken her seal and the water she had been chugging was REALLY flowing through her. She wriggled subtly in her seat as her eyes drifted to her water bottle- it was nearly empty again. There were only a few gulps left which she would surely consume before the big clock on the wall struck 12:30, signalling the end of class.

As Maria announced that there were only twenty minutes left, Fiona’s desperation had reached a bathroom-emergency level. Her water bottle was now empty and bladder pulsating- it sent warning after warning through Fiona’s curvy body, threatening to void its warm liquid into her clothes. She had to actively concentrate on fighting imminent squirts escaping her urethra. Over and over, her engorged bladder pulsed, trying to push urine out of her tortured body.

Even in her tough predicament of completing her quiz while keeping her panties dry, she was tracking her professor slowly pacing back and forth at the front of the classroom. A quick glance up at him revealed that his eyes were locked in on her quivering legs under her desk. Professor Woods caught himself as his student noticed his inappropriate gaze upon her and diverted his eyes up, towards the students seated at the back.

Fiona smiled then grimaced again- she really was on the verge of pissing her pants. With only fifteen minutes remaining, it was time to go. She set her pen down and raised her hand. Her professor’s gaze fixated on her strained face as she mouthed the word “bathroom”. He nodded, excusing her, and looked up at his teaching assistant. Maria waited until Fiona had scurried out the room before purposefully exiting the classroom herself. Being an attractive PhD student, her fashionably-dressed fit figure got its due attention from the class as she quietly followed the accused cheater.

Having found temporary privacy in the dark, empty classroom next to the large theater, Fiona took the opportunity to grab her pussy as she pulled out her old phone with a cracked screen from her pocket. She really needed to pee- there was no way she could last much longer without having an accident. She aimlessly scrolled through old photos on the phone, waiting to get caught.

Maria barged in a minute later. Feigning shock, Fiona dropped her phone and removed her hand from her crotch. “Got you!” Maria exclaimed, as she grabbed Fiona’s arm with one hand while retrieving her phone with the other. Exhibiting dominance, the teaching assistant dragged the whimpering student back to the classroom and pushed open the door. Wordlessly, Maria handed the phone to Professor Woods and re-entered the classroom to return to her invigilating duties.

Zack frowned as his brown eyes stared down a trembling, desperate Fiona. She danced in place, fighting the overwhelming urge to grab her pussy once again. He finally spoke. “So, you’ve been cheating, huh?”

Fiona tried to stammer a denial, but he raised his hand, silencing her. “Enough. I have evidence that you have violated academic integrity on the last two quizzes. I have no choice but to give you zeros on both assessments.”

Fiona’s eyes widened with horror- her grade was going to tank! And she hadn’t even cheated! She had just thought up some stupid scheme to humiliate herself in front of her professor- why had she been so dumb?

“P-please- I didn’t cheat, I promise! I wrote that anonymous email to you, I swear to God!” The reality of the situation had hit home and Fiona nearly began peeing her pants out of fear. She shoved her hand between her legs and squirmed helplessly, drawing the attention of passing students in the busy hallway.

Zack’s frown deepened, as he realized that his student would have no way of knowing about the email unless she was telling the truth. “Why would you possibly do that?”

Fiona hesitated, unsure how she could possibly explain her stupidity. “I- I- …”

Growing impatient, Zack interjected. “Just tell the truth, dammit. You’re already in hot water, as is!”

The mention of hot water made Fiona leak into her panties. Her dance on the spot intensified and she pressed harder on her peehole. She managed to stem her flow, but just barely.

“I’m sorry! I- I thought you were cute, and… and…” Her voice trailed off.

Her professor stared at her in shock. “That was your way of flirting with me?”

Fiona whimpered and nodded.

Zack sighed. “Okay, okay- I’ll give you a chance. I can’t really verify if you cheated or not, so I have to give you zeros on these two quizzes. But- after class, you can complete a short make-up quiz to replace this one.” He gestured to the class behind him, before continuing.

“If you do well, then you will only have one zero and it will be dropped as your lowest quiz grade out of four. Is that okay?” He sighed, as he posed the question to his weeping student.

“Yes, of course- thank you!” Fiona sobbed, incredibly grateful for the second chance.

“Alright then, go back to your seat and wait for five minutes. After the other students submit their quizzes and leave the classroom, I’ll give you a new quiz- a different one. You will have only twenty minutes to write because the next class will start entering the classroom then.” He began to turn to lead the way back into the lecture hall.

Fiona started following him through the door but stopped. “Wait professor- I really need to pee. Can I go to the washroom first, then come back? I won’t look at anything or talk to anyone, I promise.” She pleaded as she hopped in place. Her bladder had experienced a sliver of relief from its quick squirt and now demanded, more than ever, to release its full flood.

The professor turned around to face her again. “No, please return to your seat.” He answered firmly, effectively communicating that there would be no negotiation in the matter.

As Zack led Fiona back into the class, he gestured at Maria to join him at his desk. He whispered instructions to her and handed over his set of keys. She nodded understandingly, and left the room again to retrieve Fiona’s make-up quiz from his office.

Fiona was constantly shifting in her seat now, her hand tightly clutching her crotch. Her original quiz sat half-finished at her desk. Zack looked over at her struggling every few seconds. Maria had returned with the paper and was now overseeing the students at the back.

Despite Fiona being on the verge of humiliating herself in public, Maria envied the attention the pretty student was getting from her professor. Maria had been Zack’s TA for a year and he had always kept things professional. Of course, she had also acted professionally in her role, but was now wondering if she should have put on a pee dance show for him on occasion.

Her watch sounded- class was over. She announced the end of the quiz and the students started passing their papers down the rows towards her. Zack took the opportunity to approach Fiona’s desk and grab her paper. In her desperate state, she tried to whisper one last plea, “Please professor…”

Having retrieved her paper, Zack hastily turned away, ignoring his crying student. He gestured for Maria to place the large stack of quizzes on his desk and to remain in the classroom. As the other students exited the lecture hall, many of them taking long glances at Fiona, Zack placed the new quiz on her desk and also exited the classroom. Fiona wondered for a moment where he was going, but a squirt into her panties brought her to reality. Sitting at her desk in a college lecture hall, she was wetting her pants.

*006*2026-02-06 11:24

Fiona looked at Maria- it was just the two of them in the hall now. This was her chance to relieve herself without Mr. Woods seeing. As embarrassing as it was, it easily beat pissing her pants at school. Maintaining eye contact with Maria, Fiona nervously picked up her empty water bottle with her free hand, her other still clutching her pussy for dear life. Realizing what Fiona was about to do, Maria rushed over and grabbed the water bottle too. “No! You can’t do that in here!”

Fiona nearly lost all control as she struggled to keep possession of her own water bottle. She sobbed as the stronger woman snatched it away- her one remaining hope at relief was gone. Maria herself had leaked briefly into her panties during the scuffle- she grabbed herself through her skirt, rocking back and forth to retain bladder control. While she didn’t need to pee as badly as Fiona, seeing the attractive student struggle was sure making life difficult. Had she allowed Fiona to relieve herself in the bottle, she probably would have wet her own skirt upon seeing, hearing, and smelling the other woman's pee stream. Holding the student’s bottle in her hand briefly tempted her- perhaps she could duck behind the instructor’s desk and fill that bottle with her own pee. But then, Fiona might rush out of the classroom to use the toilet, which would probably cost Maria her job… or what if Mr. Woods came back while she was mid-squat behind his desk?

Maria, being highly health conscious, made it a priority to exercise each morning and stay hydrated- it was totally normal for her to down two litres of water each morning, after her first pee. She always peed in the shower after her workout, but her bladder still filled up again by lunchtime. Unfortunately, Mr. Woods’s lecture typically ended in the early afternoon, which wasn’t a great situation for her bladder. Mr. Woods sometimes had things to discuss with her after class, but she never disclosed to him how badly she needed a pee break- such talk was unprofessional.

Fortunately, she was nearly always able to sneak off for her pee and return before the line of girls asking questions after class reached its end. It was a neat trick she had mastered after Mr. Woods had kept her occupied with tasks for nearly thirty minutes once- she had leaked into her jeans on her rush to the toilet that afternoon, to the point of having a visibly wet butt. Fortunately, her work was done for the day and she had tied her sweater around her waist. Her brisk walk to the car had been uneventful and she had made it home without anyone growing wiser.

Having no choice but to write the quiz as quickly as she could, Fiona desperately flipped through the pages. Mr. Woods had been quite kind, crossing off many of the questions. She could definitely get a good grade, even with only twenty minutes to write. But, the assessment was a different beast while listening to screams from her bladder. With tears streaming down her face, Fiona struggled through her first question.

A couple of minutes into the quiz, Mr. Woods re-entered the classroom. He set a half-liter water bottle on Fiona’s desk. “Every five minutes, you will drink to the next black mark on the bottle.” he instructed simply.

Fiona gazed at the bottle in horror- it had three equal lines drawn on it. “Please professor, I can’t.”

Zack looked at the struggling student sternly. “You can and you will. Start drinking now, please.”

Fiona sensed once again that her professor was turned on by her urgent need to pee. And, she would have enjoyed knowing that if not for the fact that she was terrified at the prospect of soaking her pants at school. Despite her desperate games, it had been fifteen years since her last school accident- and now she was in college!

Mr. Woods opened her water bottle and raised it to Fiona’s lips, forcing her to swallow several gulps of water. She twisted violently in her seat, somehow holding her urine in as even more liquid was added to her strained body. Finally, Mr. Woods had decided she had drunk enough and lowered the bottle from his student’s lips.

Behind them, Maria gasped at the unusual scene. She would never make it to the end of this quiz if Mr. Woods kept escalating the situation! She squirted into her panties again and felt a wet streak run down her leg this time. There were probably a few drops of pee on the carpet but she dared not check. Realizing she was seconds away from wetting herself, she placed Fiona’s water bottle on Mr. Woods’s desk and rushed out of the room, simply saying, “I’ll be right back!”

Her face burned red as she ran through the busy hallway clutching her pussy through her skirt. She had acted so unprofessionally- why hadn’t she just peed quickly when grabbing the make-up quiz? She had prided herself on being the consummate professional, had resisted the temptation to visit the ladies room while had gotten a chance to- and now she was pissing her skirt in public. How ironic, how stupid!

Maria lost all control as she barged into the ladies room. In a panic, she lifted up the front of her skirt to prevent wet damage. The act exposed her wet pink panties to a couple of giggling students at the sink, but Maria was too far gone to worry about humiliation now. A wet trail followed her into the only empty cubicle as she lifted up the back of her skirt with her other hand and planted her butt onto the seat. Pissing violently through her panties, hugging her skirt, she prayed the cackling girls wouldn’t look into her open cubicle. Fortunately, no one did and she was able to finish her accident with a blissful sigh and stand up briefly to lock the cubicle door.

Sobbing, she dabbed at her wet panties with toilet paper. Surprisingly, the warm wet fabric felt pleasant against her skin. The relief of finally letting go was incredible, but she would soon have to return to the classroom smelling like pee- that was the reality. At least, her skirt was still dry. Maybe, if she managed to stay far away from Mr. Woods, he wouldn’t notice that she had peed herself. And then, it was probably just a matter of collecting the quizzes from him and taking them home for grading. Rolling up one final wad of toilet paper, she wiped down her wet legs and flushed the toilet. Despite her accident, she was going to remain professional and return to Mr. Woods's classroom.

