Theatrical Lockdown

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2026-01-06 08:02

Jen and Katie went to the movie theater unaware of certain changes made. Two young hot coeds who aren't paying attention to the world around them. They're both plush and athletic, decided to buy the largest size sodas and boxes of raisinettes money can buy. They both ran in to watch a very long silent movie that had been rediscovered and restored to its full length version. There were ads and promos, commercials and then trailers for new movies before the main feature started. Jen and Katie had already consumed a third of their drinks and ate all their raisinettes. Felling heavy in her bladder Katie got up to use the restrooms and found them shut with a notice saying "Closed for maintenance until further notice."

She checked all five of them in the lobby and hallway to both sides of the building. Then she finally saw the big sign back at the swinging doors to the movie room announcing 'all public restrooms are closed for the public safety of everyone during the epidemic.' Katie sheepishly returned to her seat as the classical movie score during the intermission began. Katie just remembered, 'that's right the full length orchestra soundtrack had been restored." She told her best friend, Jen not to bother getting up, the toilets are closed. They were both tense since there's no toilet access and the orchestra music intermission became cumbersome rather than delightful. Katie was squirming in her seat by the third act becoming aware she won't make it through the movie dry. Katie suddenly became aware of her pants turning hot wet by the end of the third act. Another long musical intermission begins playing.

Katie tried to stop her hot jet of pee but couldn't so she stood up and let it flow. Jen watched her friend flood her pants in front of her and made her desperation worse. She was too absorbed by the movie to do the same. Jen's legs turned hot wet with piss soaking through the seat of her pants thoroughly. Jen just sat there pissing as she continued drinking her mammoth sized coke. Katie pissed awhile entirely soaking through her pants down to her feet. Then Katie squished back on to the leather seat and continued to drink her gigantic coke too. Since they can't go to the toilets, they won't miss any of the movie. Jen and Katie's pants turned cold by the end of act four and then the final act came and went as the two young women had finished their cokes faster than expected. They both didn't really remember how it ended sitting in their piss drenched pants. 

Since they were both high on sugar but didn't know their drinks were spiked with weed, Jen and Katie fell into each other standing up, doozy and tired and weak in the legs. They both crawled out of the theater room on their hands and knees as a young male employee showed up and helped the two girls out. They both grabbed their cold wet pants in the middle needing to piss again really bad.

He tells the ladies he can't open any of the restrooms during these lockdowns or he'll be fired. He let Jen and Katie lean into his body like a walker as he let the two hot college girls out through the lobby, the rotating doors to the parking lot. With Jen and Katie still clinging to the handsome young man outside on the sidewalk, they both lost control pissing between their feet in front of him. He muttered 'crap' as they were getting spots on his work pants and noticed he's got a nice big boner.

Katie grabbed his hard shaft tenting his black pants as she's still pissing on the ground and he go brave and pulled out the keys from Jen's dripping wet pants and opened their car for them. Then Jen grabbed his hard shaft tenting his black pants too. When they both finished hosing down their pants, the horny guy put them in their vehicle not realizing he manhandled both of the college girls by their wet squishy crotches. Now they were both turned on and begged the guy to stick around and go down on them. Being the only guy on duty, he looked around and as high as a kite as the girls are, dove in.

