Fi's Omo Writing Thread

Author: fijono4259

*000*2021-07-28 04:55

Heya! I'm Fi, and I'm starting this thread to keep track of all my Omo writing! If you want to see more, make some noise in the replies! Let's begin, shall we?

***

Julian, and his boyfriend Luke, slept peacefully into the night. Well, Luke did, at least. Julian, battling a fever, had been awake most of the night, when he noticed a familiar tingle in his downstairs reigion. He had to pee. Well, fuck.

So, the man began trying to untangle himself from the comforter and peel his sweating body away from the sheets to amble toward the bathroom. Except, before he could even swing his feet around the edge of the bed, he was peeing. He didn't notice at first, until his legs stuck together from his wet pajamas. All at once, he began trying to hold it back with his hands, only causing him to wet through his fingers. The sheets, the comforter, his pajamas... Everything was soaked in a matter of seconds. Luke must have heard Julian's panic, because he turned over to look.

"What's the matter, baby? Oh..." Then, he saw a very wet, very embarrassed, and very sick Julian at his side. "Oh, baby, it's okay! Accidents happen. Come on, a warm shower will make you feel better." He got up and walked to Julian's side of the bed, helping him up and gently guiding him toward the bathroom. While he was in the shower, he quietly switched out the sheets for clean ones, and once he finished, Luke helped Julian into clean, dry pajamas, and they both went back to sleep, comfortable once more.

