The Study Struggle (Hogwarts)

Author: fun_wetter

*000*2025-12-14 20:13

The library was quieter than usual that afternoon, a Harry and Hermione claimed their usual corner table, books piled high around them. On the surface, it looked like a perfectly normal study session.

In reality, it was a battle of wills.

Hermione sat cross-legged, but every few seconds, she shifted, uncrossed one leg, then the other, tapped her toes lightly against the floor, adjusted her posture, then repeated the process. Her quill hovered above her parchment, scribbling a few words, then hovering again, her handwriting becoming wobbly from her own internal struggle.

Harry, directly across from her, was almost worse. He alternated between drumming his fingers against the table, tapping his foot, and squeezing his knees together under the table. He pretended to read, but his eyes kept darting around: the clock, the door, the small puddle under a leaky pipe near the corner. Everything was a potential disaster.

Neither spoke about their predicament. Neither acknowledged the way their bodies betrayed them with every slight movement.

Hermione adjusted her books again, making sure nothing fell. Then, she rotated her chair slightly, then shifted her weight forward, then back. The quill trembled in her hand. She was so careful, but it wasn’t enough to hide the tension.

Harry cleared his throat. “Um… do you want to… uh… read that paragraph aloud?”

Hermione blinked at him. “Why would I—”

“I mean… just… to… help me focus?” he mumbled. His leg bounced under the table, a little too visibly.

Hermione’s chest tightened with both exasperation and sympathy. “Of course,” she said, trying to sound casual. She cleared her throat and read aloud, but her words wavered slightly.

As she read, she fidgeted constantly: tapping the quill, bouncing her foot, shifting her legs, adjusting her hair for the third time. She glanced at Harry. He was scribbling, pretending to take notes, but his pen wobbled like a leaf in the wind. Every so often, he’d press one hand firmly against his thigh, then shift, then do it again.

Minutes passed, each one stretching longer than the last. Hermione’s fidgeting grew more frantic; Harry’s leg bouncing became a rhythm of its own. Both of them were acutely aware of the other’s subtle motions but refused to comment.

Then, Hermione knocked over a small stack of parchment by accident. She froze. Harry froze. The clatter echoed louder than it should have.

“Accidents happen,” Hermione whispered, scooping up the papers.

Harry nodded, hiding a tiny grimace. “Yes. Very… normal.”

They returned to their positions, but the fidgeting escalated. Hermione bounced lightly in her chair, tap-tap-tap, while rotating the quill between her fingers. Harry shifted again, pressing his thighs together, leaning slightly to the side, then straightening.

Neither could sit still. Neither could relax. And neither would give the other the satisfaction of breaking first.

Finally, Hermione muttered under her breath, “This is… torture.”

Harry’s head snapped up. “Exactly.”

They exchanged a brief, wide-eyed look. Neither said more. Words were too dangerous.

They continued to “study,” both trembling just slightly, both acutely aware of the other’s desperate attempts at self-control.

By the time they packed up to leave, Hermione’s notes were scribbled in chaotic handwriting, Harry’s ink smudged from constant fidgeting, and both of them were silently willing the next break to come immediately.

