After a night out (based loosely on my own experience)

Author: Fullofpeeeeeee

*000*2023-08-13 20:07

This is based loosely on the time I was most desperate to pee in my life.

Melody had had a wonderful night out. She and her friends had been at the bar for much longer than they thought they would have been - it was almost last call! She’d been talking, dancing, and drinking all night (since about 10pm so close ton4 hours). She’s gone to pee many many times, having broken the seal hours ago.

When the bartender shouted last call, melodys friend went and bought two more beers for everyone. They had 10 minutes to drink them, and everyone had had about 4-6 previously. Melody had 5, was working on her 6th, and the was given 2 more.

In 15 minutes, Melody had 2 and 3/4 beers. She was feeling tipsy and she had to pee really badly. Just before the bar closed she ran into the bathroom and had a very relieving pee. She rubbed her hands over her bladder, feeling it deflate as she emptied.

And then she came out and left with her friends. They waited on the street for a cab, with a lot of other people. As they waited, Melody felt a little twinge in bladder becoming more and more frequent. She had to pee. AGAIN!! ‘We are only 15 minutes from home, I’m not gonna pee myself or anything’ she thought to herself. Still so, the twinges turned into throbbing and Melody suddenly realized her bladder was full and she really really needed to pee badly. She glanced around, looking for somewhere to relieve herself. That’s when the cab showed up. Not wanting to make them have to wait for another cab, Melody got into the backseat, without saying a word to her friends.

And so begins the 15 minutes of her life that Melody was more desperate to pee than she’d ever had been.

At first she tried bucking her hips forward, holding herself up with her arms to take away some of the pressure on her bladder. But one bump in the road caused her to lose her balance and as her bladder jostled around and she slumped into her seat she felt pee rush out of her bladder to her peehole.

She carefully leaned back in her seat, and put her sweater over her lap. Under her sweater, Melody grabbed at her jeans and pulled them away from her body, trying to help her bladder feel some relief. She careful undid the button and unzipped the jeans. Her bladder swelled out over the open part of her jeans. She looked down and was amazing as she didn’t know it was possible to need to pee so badly that one’s bladder swelled out.

That position didn’t work for long though, her bladder was now throbbing violently every 5-10 seconds. How much longer she thought, as she looked out to see she was about 5 minutes away.

She was now frozen sitting with her back arched against the car seat and she was pushing her bladder out so it could keep filling as it was. She had to pee so bad. Like nothing she had ever had to pee before, or since. She’s never seen or heard a story of anyone as desperate as she was. She had her hands stuffed inside her panties - one of them holding tight to her peehole and the other one holding her panties away from her expanding bladder.

They pulled onto her street. She just held on for dear life, taking short, shallow breaths (deep breaths jostled her bladder too much).

They were in front of the house next door to her when it happened. She leaked. Well, she gushed. A strong burst of pee forced its way out, completely involuntarily. They pulled into her driveway. The shake of the car as they turned it off made her leak again.

This is when she realized she had to get out of the car. She opened the door, trying not to move her torso too much. Braced her body and held up her bursting bladder with her arms and she swung her legs out of the car, one as a time while grinding her pulsating peehole against the seat of the car. Finally, she knew she need to stand up. She started scooting body towards the edge of the car, feeling like her bladder was a bowling ball inside of her. She grabbed onto the car and attempted to stand up.

She had to pee so badly and her bladder was so full that a jolt of pain thrust throughout her bladder when she tried to stand up straight. She couldn’t stand up straight. She thrust her hand into her panties, while her other hand had to let her panties snap back down right over her bursting bladder. She needed that hand to open the door of her house. She shuffled slowly, hunched over, hand in crotch, taking small, short (but fast) steps she she made her way to the front door.

As she walked, she began to leak. Pee was now snaking down her legs. It was a constant dribble, a thin little line of liquid exiting her body. She was still squeezing her peehole hard, this was what she genuinely could not hold and was escaping out.

At the door, she thrust the key into the door and began to turn it. As she started to turn the key a wave of desperation like she never knew was physically possible washed over her. Pee was immediately gushing out of her. She had absolutely no control over what was happening. Pee sprayed out of her body at such force it was bursting out of her jeans in a single stream. She just stood there for a whole minute, with a single thick stream of piss exploding out of her jeans until it slowly turned into a trickle. Suddenly, the trickled turned into a full blast firehouse for about 20 seconds and the back to trinkle for a comedic amount of time.

Melody looked down at her soaked pants, and her porch which had no dry spot on it at all. She did up her pants (which fit perfectly again) and walked inside, straight to the toilet where she sat down and finished emptying her bladder.

*004*2023-08-15 03:32

{{19 hours ago, pguy69 said:

Great story! I hope this is the start of many for you, and I would love to hear more about your own experience that this was loosely based on!

}}

I can’t even articulate how badly I had to pee during the experience this is based on. Can’t even find the words, most desperate I’ve ever been in my life.

*006*2023-08-15 10:24

{{2 hours ago, pguy69 said:

I love asking people about their most desperate experiences, only if you are comfortable to share though, of course! My DMs are always open and welcoming if you like to chat privately…I guess the good thing about EXTREME desperation like that is that the relief is mindblowing, provided you made it? That must have been the most blissful pee you’ve ever experienced!

}}

I did make it that night. Barely, left puddles from the car to the toilet and had no time to pull down my panties. I hold a lot, I’ve been very desperate many times. That night was like 8 years ago and I’ve never experienced the level of desperation I did that night…. Not before and not since.

I had to pee worst than I never knew that night.

