New Beginnings

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-03-24 20:56

Another story involving the two women exploring things with each other. This is a sequel to Wet fun between friends

.

Pooja eagerly waited for Maryna to join her in the corner of the quiet diner. As agreed, she had downed three full glasses of water an hour ago and refrained from peeing since. She was wearing light purple jeans and a black full-sleeve tee.

A minute later, Maryna walked in, dressed sharply in bright blue, clacketing high heels, form-fitting jeans complete with an appropriately loud “Girl” belt buckle, and a Lavender belly-shirt spelling out “Lynyrd Skynyrd”.

Her ass had barely touched the maroon-colored plush seat before Pooja blurted at her. “Hey, so how did it go?” She bounced on her chair in part anticipation, part desperation.

Maryna smiled at her best friend’s eagerness- it was clear she was dying to know what had happened. She cruelly took her time removing her fashionable sunglasses, carefully placing them in a snap-case, and then dropping the case in her handbag before speaking. “It went pretty well… he was initially shocked, but I stuck with my plan.”

Pooja hated being teased- she jiggled her legs restlessly. “What was the plan? C’mon tell me!”

Maryna smiled coyly. “Right outside your house… on your porch with the light on. While you guys were screwing, I told Steve to back up a few steps. Then I stepped outside and lifted my dress. At first, he wasn’t sure why I was doing it- I guess the wetness had blended in or something, plus it was dark. So, I just spread my legs and started peeing again- right through my panties!”

“Oh my God! What did he say?” Pooja was on the edge of her seat as she eagerly quizzed her friend, her legs shaking in anticipation and desperation. Maryna had refused to text her any details despite endless harassment. She wanted to share her experiences the same way Pooja had- in person, with filling bladders.

Just Maryna opened her mouth again, a cute waitress named Georgia interrupted her. Maryna ordered extra-large mint teas for the two of them and waited until she was out of earshot before continuing excitedly.

“Well, he didn’t say anything. He just stood there staring at my pussy as I peed all over your porch. It’s too bad you have those wooden planks so there was no real puddle.”

Pooja smiled sultrily. She knew the details of her front porch all too well, having wet herself repeatedly at the exact spot Maryna had. She uncrossed her legs and then recrossed the other way, her hands resting on her lap. Gosh, it was going to be hard to get through the extra-large tea without relief.

Maryna continued after a brief pause. “After I finished peeing, he still said nothing- didn’t even move. So, I got embarrassed at what I had just done in front of him and just walked to the car. It felt like an hour-long walk- I felt like such a fool.”

Pooja’s excitement dropped a few notches as she empathized with her best friend. “Oh no… you poor thing…”

“No, no.” Maryna reassured her as she wriggled uncomfortably in her seat- all that chugged water was making its way into her bladder and wearing form-fitting jeans didn’t help. “He came to the car like thirty seconds later and after we had backed out of the driveway…”

Maryna paused her story as Georgia came around with their giant drinks. She set them down with a smile. She asked if the girls needed anything else- they quickly denied her offer and she was on her way to serve the next table.

Maryna took a long sip of her hot beverage before continuing. She shivered inadvertently as the tea seemed to flow straight into her bladder, adding to its voluminous contents. Pooja did the same as she impatiently waited for Maryna’s story to continue.

“So, I was sitting there in my wet shame- my pee smell was filling up the car so I rolled down the window a little. I was almost crying, really upset. Then he reached over while he was driving and started touching my pussy. I lifted up my dress so he could finger me through my soaked panties. At home, we showered together and he peed on me- I almost started blowing him right there, but he hurried me out of the bathroom so we could continue the party in bed. My big hungry mouth always makes him cum too fast.” She giggled then grabbed her crotch.

Pooja’s thoughts returned to her own bladder and she eagerly gulped down her tea. Despite its steamy temperature, getting to her next accident quickly was just too tempting. She had mentally visualized her curvy dirty-blonde haired friend being rammed by her tall, olive-skinned Greek husband many times, but never this vividly nor excitedly.

“Woah, easy there! We have a long walk ahead of us and it’s still daylight out.” The knockout girls exchanged secretive, knowing looks at each other and grinned naughtily. They had purposely worn light-colored pants which would leave nothing to the imagination- their clothing would completely reveal their accidents.

Pooja finally brought the large cup down with a soft burp. It prompted more girly giggling from both of them… and crotch gripping.

“Look- I’m winning the race! Go me!” She snapped off the white lid showed off her half-filled cup. Maryna snapped off her own lid and started chugging. A minor motive was to beat Pooja, but the bigger reason for her was, like Pooja, to grow more desperate for the toilet.

Over the next five minutes, they gulped down the remainder of their teas while gossiping about the best pee games. Pooja shared how Julian loved it when she spoke desperate Punjabi phrases. Maryna begged her to teach her “I have wet my panties.” However, Maryna’s struggle made Pooja laugh, which in turn made Maryna laugh. Both women were in severe danger of leaking into their knickers.

“Mein apni…”

“Man apnai…” Pooja fought back tears as she struggled to stop laughing and continue.

“kuchi vich pershaabh…”

“koochi witch…” She started laughing as she stared at Pooja’s huffing and smiling face. They both openly clutched their crotches as they helplessly spurted into their panties, just managing to prevent a flood from flowing all over their seats. Regardless, Maryna was not one to give up.

“per… shaab…”

Trying to finish the Punjabi lesson without bursting into laughter again, Pooja blurted out. “kur ta hey”.

“kur ta hey- the ending was easy yay!” Maryna gave herself a quick cheer then tried the phrase together. “Man apnai koochi witch…” they burst into laughter again and soiled their pants some more.

Struggling to regain control of her bladder, Maryna blurted out. “I give up! It’s too hard!” She giggled helplessly as the wet spot on her jeans expanded to a dollar-sized circular wetness.

“OK another way- here! Main apni kuchi gilli kur ti eh.” She just barely prevented the imminent accident in the middle of the diner and gulped down to last sips of her drink. Unfortunately, Maryna still had about 40% to go.

“Man apnai koochi… ghilli kur ti eh- how’s that?” She shifted to lift her shoe-less leg up to her lap. She could now press her heel into her crotch. It was an awkward sitting position, but a necessary one.

“Oh, much better! Go with that!” As Pooja pressed hard on her wet crotch trying not to laugh, she glanced down to survey the damage. There was a big wet spot between her legs- she was sure it would also be visible from the back when she got up. She had noticed that a few male patrons in the diner were looking over at her and Maryna. Georgia was also glancing over frequently as she hopped tables. Pooja was glad they were seated in the corner near the door- she would simply place the $10 bill from her pocket on the table and walk Maryna out… if she ever finished her damn drink.

“Oooooh.” She winced and looked down at her own crotch. She took a sip of her tea before continuing. “Steve is going to love me talking like you.”

“Imagine if you offered him a three-some with me.” Despite their efforts not to laugh, they both did and made their pants wetter still.

Maryna’s gears whirred for a brief moment. “You know, we could totally play wet games together as couples.”

Pooja feigned thoughtfulness for a few seconds. In reality, she had already fantasized about this idea seven ways to Sunday in her dirty little mind. “Yeah… that would be something, mmm?”

“Ooooooooooh- I’m about to totally soak myself.” Maryna wriggled in her seat. She lifted her cup high and tilted back her mouth. She gulped down tea for about five seconds before bringing the empty cup down on the table emphatically. “All done- shall we?”

Pooja had already followed her lead in chugging down her own drink and paying for the two of them. With full bladders and a giant volume of tea sloshing around in their tummies, the attractive young ladies attempted to get up and leave the diner as discreetly as possible. Georgia looked over in time to see them rushing out of the front door with their hands over their butts- she walked over with a fresh rag to wipe down the seats. On her walk back to the laundry chute, she raised the cloth up to her nose and inhaled the sweet aroma of the women’s pee. After disposing the rag, she turned into the ladies room to wash up and take care of her own growing need- she hadn’t peed since waking up at 4:45 that morning.

Outside, Maryna had convinced Pooja to ditch her car so they could accompany one another on the eight-minute drive back to her place. The joking, moaning, and giggling continued in the 2020 Jeep Grand Cherokee- both women added their share of liquid to the towels and waterproof seat covers Maryna had thoughtfully set up in her SUV that morning.

They finally reached the driveway and Maryna knew she had lost the battle the moment she stepped out of the vehicle. She started wetting herself uncontrollably as she rushed towards the door. Her light blue jeans became engulfed in a rapidly-spreading wetness as she attempted to unlock the door before the neighbors saw her humiliating show. Behind her, Pooja hobbled along, trying to limit her own accident to just quick leaks. In truth, it hardly mattered- her tight purple pants were nearly drenched down to her knees already.

Maryna finally got the door open and let Pooja pass through before she herself entered the house. Slamming the door behind her, she sighed deeply and continued peeing herself in private. She had needed to go SO badly- all that water and tea on an empty stomach... God, the relief of finally wetting her pants was unreal.

After finishing her wetting, Maryna carefully stepped out of the giant puddle on the tiled floor to head towards the washroom- she didn’t want to miss a moment of action. She was rewarded by the amazing sight of Pooja sitting on the toilet fully clothed, her head tilted back and eyes closed. She was sighing in relief as she peed through her pants into the toilet bowl below. A large, tell-tale shiny patch showed on her purple trousers as she sat spread-legged.

As she watched, Maryna unbuckled her tight jeans to reveal soaked sky-blue panties. She started masturbating through her soiled underwear moaning along with Pooja. She was so excited that her soft exploring grew into a furious circular grinding in a matter of seconds. Loud animalistic shrieks escaped her as Pooja finished relieving herself with an opening of her eyes and a quick exhale. It was such a relief to finally let go. Her bladder pulsed happily as the burden of holding in urine was finally lifted. She undid her own pants to show off her lacy pink lingerie panties, one of Julian’s favorites.

Maryna climaxed as Pooja reached into her wet panties and started rubbing herself. Quick bursts of pee escaped Maryna again- her bladder wasn’t totally empty yet. Even though her own female urges had been satisfied, Maryna’s thoughts focused on Pooja touching herself in soiled knickers two feet away.

Pooja froze as Maryna hugged her midsection and lifted her onto to the washroom counter. However, the initial hesitation quickly turned into hot sexual energy as Maryna ripped off her fancy panties and stuck her head into her trimmed, wet bush. Pooja could hardly believe what was happening- a gorgeous woman was eating her out. Maryna was licking her pee-covered clitoris. Pooja gasped and moaned uncontrollably as she climaxed. Like her girlfriend, she erupted bursts of pee upon orgasming, as her bladder voided the little liquid that still remained in it.

Exhausted after her orgasm, Pooja allowed Maryna to stand up and embrace her. She collapsed into her girlfriend’s arms and lazily slumped off the counter to groggily walk to the bedroom for an afternoon nap.

