A Long Ride Home

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2026-01-16 19:57

The sun was slowly sinking below the horizon as the car cruised along the coastal road. Jasmine sat beside Carl in the passenger seat, her wet hair still salty from the sea. She hadn’t felt like changing after swimming — her swimsuit was fine, she thought. She’d just pulled her worn denim shorts over it. Simple. Easy. Carl certainly hadn’t minded. Every now and then, he’d glance over at her — sun-kissed skin, relaxed posture, and traces of sand still on her legs.

But now Jasmine was fidgeting, shifting uncomfortably in her seat. Her thighs were pressed tightly together, her hands resting tensely on them.

“What’s with all the squirming, Jas?” Carl asked, half-smiling.

“Um… I’ve been needing to pee for a while now,” she admitted.

Carl looked at her in surprise. “Why didn’t you just go at the beach? That can’t be comfortable.”

“There was a huge line,” she sighed. “And I thought we’d be home soon. I didn’t expect this stupid traffic jam.”

He chuckled. “Not ideal timing, huh?”

“No,” she muttered, adjusting herself again. “And sitting like this really isn’t helping.”

She grabbed a water bottle from the dashboard. Her lips were still salty, and her throat felt dry from the wind and sun. Carl glanced at her, concerned.

“Is that a good idea?”

“No,” she said honestly, “but I’m really thirsty.”

She took a few small sips and handed the bottle to Carl.

“Want some?”

“Yeah, thanks. I’m thirsty too. I just hope traffic starts moving soon.”

“Same,” she muttered. “Because the pressure’s seriously building.”

Carl burst out laughing. “Sorry, but you said that so matter-of-factly. It’s hilarious.”

Jasmine chuckled too, though it came out more like a strained laugh through clenched teeth.

The minutes dragged by. Jasmine’s discomfort grew more visible by the second.

“Damn it, Carl… my bladder’s about to burst.”

“I could pull over somewhere,” Carl offered gently. “You could go behind the door or—”

“No, Carl. Please don’t,” she cut him off quickly. “I still have my swimsuit on. I’d have to half-undress. I just have to hold it.”

“It’s okay to snap,” Carl said calmly. “I get it. I don’t blame you.”

She gave him a soft look, her frustration melting for a moment.

“You’re sweet, Carl.”

“You’ll be okay,” he said, trying to reassure her. “You’re strong. You’ve handled worse.”

“Maybe,” Jasmine whispered. “But female bladders are stubborn. I’ve known mine my whole life, and it hasn’t screamed this loud in years.”

Time passed painfully slow. Finally, a voice crackled through the radio — traffic should clear in about twenty minutes. Carl glanced at her again. He saw a bead of sweat roll down her temple. Her nipples were visible through her swimsuit, a subtle sign of the stress her body was under. Quietly, he grabbed his jacket and draped it over her.

“You holding up?” he asked softly.

“What do you want me to say?” she murmured. “I feel like a little kid who’s not potty trained.”

“I’m just trying to be kind,” Carl replied, gently.

She reached for his hand and placed it on her thigh, which was trembling.

“How much longer, Carl?”

“Maybe half an hour. Forty minutes tops.”

“I don’t think I can make it.”

Carl felt the tension in her muscles — exhausted from the day, clenched to the limit.

“I don’t know what to do,” he admitted. “We just passed the last exit where I could’ve pulled over.”

But then, finally, the line of cars ahead began to move. Carl straightened up, hope flickering in his eyes.

“Looks like we’re moving.”

Jasmine closed her eyes and exhaled, whether in relief or fear, even she couldn’t tell.

After just over half an hour, Carl pulled into their driveway and parked the car.

“Come on,” he said softly. “You’re home. You can go now.”

Jasmine stepped out — and froze.

“I can’t,” she whispered. “I’m too full. I can’t walk.”

Carl hurried to her, heart tightening at the sight of her hunched posture, her legs locked together.

“It’s okay,” he said calmly. “I’ll get the door. Then I’ll help you.”

He rushed to unlock the house and came back in seconds. Without hesitation, he slipped one arm beneath her knees, the other behind her back.

“Bite your lip,” he whispered. “I’m going to carry you.”

He lifted her gently and carried her across the threshold, through the hallway, and into the bathroom. There, he set her down carefully onto the soft rug.

“There you go,” he said with a warm smile. “You made it. You can go now.”

But Jasmine looked up at him with wide, pleading eyes — part desperate, part playful.

“You’re going to have to undress me, Carl. There’s no way I can do it like this.”

There was something tender in her vulnerability, something almost sweet. Carl nodded and knelt. He unbuttoned her shorts, which dropped instantly to the floor. Slowly, carefully, he pulled down her swimsuit.

“Go ahead and sit,” he said. “I’ll leave you for a moment.”

But she grabbed his hand again.

“My body’s so tense, Carl… please stay with me?”

He hesitated. “Jas, are you sure—?”

“We’ve been together for three years,” she interrupted gently. “We’ve laughed, made love… you know my body better than I do sometimes. Help me relax. Please. It’s really going to hurt.”

Carl reached for the little stool beside the sink and sat beside her, eye to eye. He placed his hands gently over hers, resting on her thighs.

“It’s okay, Jasmine,” he said softly. “You can let go. I’m right here. I’ll stay as long as you need.”

A few seconds passed. Then a drop. Another. And finally, as her body surrendered, a long, powerful stream burst forth. Jasmine closed her eyes in relief.

“You can go now,” she whispered.

Carl rose quietly, gave her one last look — full of care — and gently closed the door behind him.

