When Friends Share Secrets

Author: fullbladder

*000*2018-06-26 18:34

“Ugh, sometimes I really hate my husband,” Rocelyn complained as she walked her lunch tray to the usual table. Her beautiful Hispanic features frowned as she spoke to Marcy, her best friend. They had met in college and had found work in the same company afterwards, albeit in different departments.

“What did he do now?” Marcy was slightly shorter and bustier than her 5’10 companion. The two ladies turned heads where ever they went.

“Oh my God, he went to watch football at the fucking bar again and didn’t even answer my calls. He didn’t get home until 10:00 and then complained the dinner I made him was cold! I offered to reheat it for him but he just blew me off and went to sleep.”

“Fuck, men are such pigs sometimes. Howard would have probably been at the bar with him except his car is being repaired and I picked him up from work.” The two women were now seated and nibbling lunch as they spoke.

“Yeah, no doubt- those two love drinking together. I bet Josh was upset he didn’t have his favorite drinking buddy with him last night, but I’m sure he found some other moron to waste time with. Why am I not good enough to watch the game with?” Rocelyn slammed her fists down on frustration on the table, on the verge of tears.

Marcy immediately reached over to grab her friend’s hands. “Oh honey, you’re so beautiful- he doesn’t know how lucky he is….”

A tear rolled down Rocelyn’s face. “Well, how am I supposed to make him appreciate me?”

Marcy bit her lip and hesitated. She had promised Howard that she wouldn’t tell… but this was a special situation with her closest friend. She really didn’t want her to go through a divorce- maybe she could help.

Marcy leaned in and whispered, “OK, you have to promise me you will never say a word about this to anyone.”

Rocelyn nodded. “I promise.”

“One night after getting drunk like usual with Josh and the other hoodlums, Howard came home after I had already gone to bed. He was so hammered he got into bed with his dirty clothes still on and passed out immediately. Well, I woke up in the morning to find the bed and my own pajamas soaked- he had wet the bed. I shook him awake and he was so embarrassed that he offered to do all the laundry, which he never does.” Marcy raised her eyebrows for emphasis.

Rocelyn whistled softly. “Wow, he actually peed in his sleep? What a baby. What happened next?”

“Well, it was a nice change from the usual fight we have after one of his drunken stupors- his accident and embarrassment was punishment enough so I didn’t have to yell at him. He stopped binge-drinking for a few months and started coming home from the bar in time to have dinner with me. But for some reason, my thoughts kept drifting back to the one morning and his soaked jeans…”

Rocelyn giggled. “What… you were turned on- you dirty slut!”

Marcy blushed. “I had no idea why it was getting me so hot. We had a lot of sex for a few weeks there- Howard thought it was because he wasn’t getting drunk anymore.” Marcy snickered audibly and rolled her eyes.

Rocelyn pressed on, deeply curious now. “But Howard has gone back to his usual drinking- him and Josh stay out late together all the time!”

Marcy’s eyes sparkled as she flashed her girlfriend a naughty smile. “We have a stripper pole in our basement. I stay up until he gets home then handcuff him to it. Then I make him drink water, which is also good for his hangover by the way, until he wets his pants like a naughty little boy right there on the pole. He has started getting turned on by this pee stuff too. He’s always rock hard after he pees himself then we have amazing sex in the shower and go to bed. Sometimes we fuck again in bed that same night.”

Rocelyn gasped. Her own sexual juices had started flowing right there at the lunch table. She could never have imagined the two of them being into something so dirty, so forbidden, so hot…. “Do you ever…”

Marcy blushed again as her friend’s voice tailed off. “Yes, sometimes when I act naughty, he binds me to the pole and does the same thing to me. Sometimes I’ll leave work bursting for a piss just because we’re both in the mood for fun. You have to be careful though- I leaked a bit in my car the other day cuz I hit traffic on the way home. I tried to make it to the toilet but couldn’t get there in time and soaked my nice grey skirt right in the kitchen. Howard had been struggling to hold on until I got home too- he lost control too when he saw me pee myself.”

Rocelyn stammered, unable to speak. His mind visualized the scene Marcy had just described. Her sexy black husband holding his manhood waiting for his wife at home, just trying not to disgrace himself. And then there was her… waiting in traffic as her pee escaped her body inadvertently, slowly drenching her panties, then pantyhose, then skirt…. Then that ultimate moment when her body couldn’t hold on a moment longer and she peed herself before she could get to the bathroom with her husband watching in equal desperation, also wetting himself.

Marcy bit her lip as her gorgeous friend’s face glowed with obvious sexual excitement. Maybe this was an opportunity to push things into an area she had always fantasized about… “Hey, want to try something cool….”

______

Eight hours later, Rocelyn was bursting with excitement as she sipped white wine on her cozy little sofa. Just as they had anticipated, Josh and Howard were at the bar watching football. Rocelyn and Marcy had left work early to set up a secret webcam in Marcy’s basement which was now live streaming onto Rocelyn’s laptop. A notification from her iPhone sounded- the match had just ended. That meant Josh would be home in about 15 minutes and Howard in 20. Rocelyn closed her laptop and turned on an episode of Gilmore Girls to begin her carefully plotted act.

Fifteen minutes later, the door burst open and in walked her husband. “Honeeeey, I’m hooooome!” Rocelyn ignored him as he wobbled over to her tried to kiss her. She pulled away. “Get lost, Josh- you know I hate it when you don’t come home on time.”

“But baby, I texted you this time!”

“No you didn’t- here look!” She showed him her iPhone- she had deleted his message earlier.

His face scrambled in confusion. “I thought I did- please make love to me baby… I’M HAWNY!”

She pushed him away and went into her office where she had conveniently stashed her laptop. She surfed the internet until five minutes later, when she heard light snoring coming from the living room- it was time for fun! She turned on the live feed again and it started after a couple of seconds. She was treated to Marcy dressed in silk red lingerie and a shirtless Howard cuffed to the pole. He squirmed helplessly as Marcy forced him to gulp down water, tickled him with a feather duster, pushed on his bladder, and played with his cock through his jeans.

Rocelyn’s own bladder was quite full as she hadn’t peed since getting home. All the wine she had been drinking was making its way to her bladder, making her hornier still. She ripped off her lounge pants as a small wet spot appeared on Howard’s crotch and started rubbing herself feverishly through her white cotton panties. Soon, Howard had soaked his jeans down to his thighs and Rocelyn’s wet panties had been pulled to the side. Her bladder made its protests heard as she masturbated, but she was too horny to stop. Her fingers moved in and out of her pussy as she rubbed hard her clitoris hard with her other hand. Both her feet were up on the desk now, she was so close to climaxing.

On her screen, Howard lost all control as Marcy spanked his butt with the handle of the feather duster. As she watched the wet streaks run down his legs, Rocelyn orgasmed. She screamed with pleasure as her bladder surrendered its battle. She peed hard all over the chair and the floor beneath her, as her vaginal muscles pulsed with pleasure and relief.

“W-What the HELL are you doing?” Reality set in with a jolt as Rocelyn heard her husband’s voice behind her. Still peeing, she desperately tried to close the laptop, but the chair rolled back as she leaned forward. Breathing heavily, she was just able to plant her feet into her giant pee puddle below to avoid slipping off the wet chair completely. She sat in wet, guilty silence as her husband took in the shocking scene in front of him- his wife masturbating to his drinking buddy wetting himself, Marcy now performing oral sex on the laptop screen, the giant pee puddle on their wood floor…..

Josh pulled back the chair- Rocelyn still wouldn't face him. He lifted up his wife’s face and lowered himself to kiss her lips. She finally relaxed and kissed him back. The embrace intensified and she got up to drag him into the bathroom. Ripping off articles of clothing on the way there, they were fully nude as they stepped into the shower. As the hot water ran, Josh realized the fullness of his own bladder and sprayed his wife with hot pee. The mighty erect penis drenched Rocelyn’s face, breasts, and lower regions as water ran down her back. She began massaging his manhood and it grew larger still as he finished peeing. He lifted up his wife against the wall of the shower and fucked her like never before. They came together, her for the second time in the last ten minutes, and collapsed on the shower floor in a loving embrace. They looked at each other and smiled blissfully- it was the start of a new chapter in their marriage.

