Making Him Wait

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-12-11 16:49

As a still unmarried and stunningly attractive thirty-five year old, Fernanda had experienced her share of boyfriends and sexual quirks. Not one of the ambitious lads had met her wild appetite quite the right way, particularly her pee games interest. Of course, they had tried valiantly- she was an exceptional beauty by any metric, not to mention quite powerful and successful as a founder and CEO of an up-and-coming imported purses retail chain. But, she knew what she wanted and would never settle for less. A subservient man who obediently satisfied her needs was actually a turn-off- she had fucked her share of those beta types. No, her perfect mate was someone who was genuinely into wet games, perhaps even more than she was. A hunk who made her do uncomfortable, unspeakable, humiliating pee acts beyond her comfort level- now that was a fantastical thought that got her real hot and bothered!

Fernanda had always been a squirter- she had certainly met her share of guys into that side of her (although a few had been disgusted by it, so she now made it a point to let partners know the deal in advance). It was no big deal to her anymore- she typically just told one-night-stands right after they popped the “Wanna get out of here?” question. Her forward nature shocked men, but most still happily took her home.

On the rare occasion Fernanda brought men to her place (she avoided doing this since an ex/stalker had shown up to her townhouse for three months post break-up), they were treated to the sight of a thick towel laid out on the middle of her queen bed. Even if she didn’t screw, Fernanda still masturbated most nights. It didn’t matter if she got off using a dildo, vibrator, or her hand, she still leaked during climax. Peeing immediately before pleasure sessions, be they solo or partnered, seemed to help a fair bit, but there were always at least a couple squirts when she orgasmed. In any case, it hardly bothered her anymore. For the exceptionally douchey guys, she purposely skipped peeing before jumping into bed with them. There was real fun in leaving a giant wet spot on their mattresses- the crude act, in a way, made up for the sub-par sex those thug heads almost always offered her.

One of Fernanda’s favourite things to do was test the limitations of men. For the lucky ones who got beyond a lay or two out of her and garnered a degree of real interest, Fernanda would typically start things off with confident open-bathroom pees. If the man paid some attention to her, she would spread her legs to enhance his show with a smile or giggle. Any gesture of approval from the man rewarded him with more flirting from her, such as feigned seemingly unvanquishable thirst on dates which led to desperate squirming and complaining about how badly she needed to visit the ladies room. Sadly, not too many men had proceeded beyond this phase with sexy Fernanda. Sure, there had been a few golden showers, even public peeing sessions, but not quite the man and relationship Fernanda craved.

@@The closest she had come to tying the knot was with Jarome, a graduate engineering student she had dated for sixteen months. While he didn’t exactly possess the masculine control gene she sometimes craved, he indulged Fernanda enough to get her engaged to him. They had enjoyed some desperate fun together, in public even. Once, they had naughtily visited the local Halloween fair after drinks (and no bathroom break) at their favorite pub. Fernanda had ended up inadvertently leaking into her panties when being frightened by a ghost in the haunted maze. Laughing hysterically, Jarome had to run back out of the maze and into the bushes to relieve himself before he also suffered the misfortune of a wet spot on his jeans. Clutching her wet crotch, Fernanda had followed him out of the maze and just managed to get into the port-a-potty before she completely drenched her pants. Like a true gentleman, Jarome had offered his lady his coat when she had exited the cubicle- undoubtedly a self less gesture on the cool October night. Sadly, the pair’s partnership had ended a month later when Fernanda had discovered he was cheating on her… with a nineteen-year-old to add insult to injury.

After the break-up, Fernanda had refused to date or bed anyone for the next six months. In the four years that followed, she tried to find the same excitement in her relationships but nothing came close. When she discovered that Brent, a nice, successful but vanilla older man, was planning to propose to her after two months of steady dating, she quickly broke off the engagement.

Last week’s date was the first man to give her that “butterflies in the tummy” since Jarome. Adrian was a couple of years younger than her, which may have bothered her… if not for his admirable confidence. Overtly cocky men were an absolute turn off for Fernanda, but a man who could confidently carry himself without boasting, depreciating others, and other unappealing “loud male” behaviours… that was what Fernanda loved. Adrian showed up on time, well groomed and dressed, and greeted her with a hug and kiss on the cheek- full marks for first impressions!

The date started off a bit on the slow side, as they typically do. There was small talk about the dating app they had matched on, their work week, and hobbies. However, things advanced in a real hurry once Fernanda’s salad arrived. She picked up the slice of lemon and “accidently” squirted it too forcefully, sending its juice past her bowl and onto the middle of the table.

She expertly paused a moment to feign slight embarrassment before wiping the drops with her paper napkin. “Oops, sorry about that.”

She waited for Adrian’s “It’s ok” before smirking flirtatiously. “Lucky for me that squirts don’t bother you.”

Adrian’s initial shock was quickly replaced by a brilliant grin. “I guess you’re REALLY lucky then, because I totally LOVE squirts!”

A jolt of electricity ran through Fernanda’s body as she giggled back. As far as she could recall, no guy had ever responded so positively to her reveal! In her laughter, the fullness of Fernanda’s bladder was suddenly noticeable- she hadn’t peed since the early afternoon. Since then, she had downed her usual half-liter of water after lunch. A quick cocktail drink with an old friend after work resulted in her having no extra time at home. In five minutes flat, she had stripped out of her blouse and business skirt and replaced the work clothes with a classic black dress. Grabbing a chilled bottle of grapefruit juice on her way out the door, she made a mental note to pee when she got to the fancy restaurant- she was only going to be a couple minutes late and most guys were at least that much over.

She had been a little surprised to see her date waiting at the table, and alertly watching for her arrival to boot! She had no choice but to accept his graceful embrace and seat herself for the date. Now, fifteen minutes later, her bladder was full and alerting her brain its desire for voidance. Fernanda pushed her mind off the issue and continued upholding her end of the pleasant conversation. Naturally, the eating process was slow, hindered by the lively, constant chatter.

When Fernanda finally got to the last few bites of salad, she was subconsciously wriggling in her seat. She finally broke the line of conversation and excused herself. “Sorry, I really need to use the restroom- I’ll be right back.”

She began to rise from her seat but paused as he spoke. “Yes, I figured you would be off to pee soon, with all your hot wriggling over there. I’ll go ahead and take care of the bill while you’re gone.”

Fernanda stopped- it was her turn to experience mild shock. “Oh is that so? My wriggl- you know what, I would like to pay my share of this bill!”

Adrian hesitated. “Sorry, I didn’t mean-“

Fernanda quickly interjected. “No, no- let’s split this and go a nice walk next to the water here! I’m having a great time!”

“Ok, I will wait until you return-“

“Oh, no bother, my pee break can wait- let’s go before we miss the gorgeous sunset!”

Fernanda purposefully chugged the remaining third of her tall glass of water down and got the attention of the teenage waiter. Standing up provided some much-needed temporary relief for her bladder. Still, her date could see the subtle signs of a desperate woman as she paid her half of the bill- her legs shuffled slightly, causing the hem of her dress to sway back and forth as she completed the credit card transaction. She could tell that Adrian was considering asking if she was sure about leaving without visiting the ladies room first, but he kept silent.

The walk was pure torture. The sea breeze, quickly cooling as the evening May sun lowered itself on the western horizon of the beautiful California beach town, continually attacked her scantly-clad body. Her bladder seemed to fill incredibly quickly and her unnatural wriggling intensified as they walked. Ten minutes into the walk, Adrian finally interrupted their discussion of dating, work, and family/friend tales to address her obvious need.

“It looks like you really to go. You look uncomfortable.”

Fernanda blushed, as a wave of humiliation and sexual excitement ran through her. “Yes, I do… need to pee. But where?”

She gestured around her- the wooden walkway was barren except for people.

Adrian reddened slightly- it was clear there was no real way for a woman to pee without others seeing. “Oh… yeah. I wasn’t thinking. Hopefully, there is a toilet soon!”

Fernanda smiled to herself- she knew this walk well. In fact, she had once squatted behind a tree here during a night walk with her girlfriends. What a drunk night that had been! “Yeah… hopefully.”

She gave a longing look at a small green area on the path, with an old tree and some surrounding bushes. “Ah! If I was a guy, I’d just pee against the tree over there!”

“Oh actually, since you mentioned it…” Adrian jostled with his fly and made a show of walking towards the tree. They burst into laughter and Fernanda had to grab her crotch to prevent leakage into her light grey hipster panties.

“Oh, I almost leaked there- don’t make me laugh!” She scanned the area to see how much attention was on her as she carefully let go of her pussy. As full as her bladder was, it was a minor miracle she hadn’t soaked her underwear during the laughing fit.

Adrian apologized, then continued after a brief pause. “Hey, if you want to, you know… squat… I’ll stand behind you so no one can see. I won’t look either- I promise!”

Fernanda smiled again- this was moving so quickly! She felt a strong attraction to him even as she struggled to maintain dignity in the public walkway.

“Not yet- I’m going to make you wait a while before you get to enjoy that.”

Adrian smiled. “Oh yeah, how long?” He was challenging her now.

“Probably not too long.” Fernanda admitted. “Don’t want to drive home in wet panties again.”

Adrian had his eyes locked on her now- it was quite the show. A beautiful, curvy but athletic 5’8 Columbian brunette desperate for the bathroom. What a treat this first date was!

“A-again?”

“Yes, it’s a girl thing… just like squirting.” She spoke dismissively, obviously distracted by her bursting bladder.

Adrian tried to continue the juicy dialogue but she hurriedly veered away from him. “Gotta go! Come see if you want!”

She ran down the short wooden stairway at the side of the path, and onto the beach. As she made her way to the water, she rushed past a young couple admiring the orange sun’s fractured reflection on the water.

Adrian eagerly followed, not wanting to miss anything.

Fernanda kicked off her heels as she ran, then trampled into the water. She stopped as the water reached her knees and lifted her dress up as she squatted in the water. There was no mistake about what she was doing, but luckily the sky had darkened to the point where people on the walkway couldn’t really see much of her- only the couple on the log and her date could enjoy the show. After a solid minute of her butt being submerged in the water, Fernanda rose up and carefully dropped her dress. Adrian enjoyed a two-second glimpse of her wet butt before the dress drop. Her light grey knickers were soaked all the way up.

As she turned around and walked back to the sand, she smiled at Adrian. “Well, what do you think of that?”

“Wow! That was incredible!” He exclaimed, as she carefully stepped into her shoes.

“Yeah, well… when we gals gotta go, we have our secret ways. Maybe next date I’ll let you actually watch and hear me pee?” She teased him with a quick flash of her wet crotch as they reached the stairs.

“Oh yeah! I would love that! And maybe see you squirt too?” His eager gaze never left her crotch, in the hopes of seeing another panty flash.

She smiled as they made their way back to the restaurant parking lot. “Patience- a real gentleman knows how to wait for nice things.”

Edited December 20, 2023 by fullbladder (see edit history)

*005*2023-12-22 07:34

Thanks OldWetGuy! I will write more soon- promise!

Your support is always awesome!

*006*2024-01-11 22:00

Butterflies fluttered in Fernanda’s tummy as she walked to Gram’s Fireside Pub & Grill, the location of her second date with Adrian. Fernanda had made an important clothing decision earlier that day. Her bold, dark green, knee-length dress showed off her natural gifts- head-turning Columbian curves. They had been drinking large volumes of water all day- Adrian at his worksite and Fernanda at home on a well-deserved day off she had granted herself. A health day needed to be prioritized sometimes… and everyone know drinking lots of water was great for health.

The thing was… Adrian had treated himself to a nice long pee at home before leaving for the date, as the two of them had agreed. Fernanda had skipped it. After peeing together with Adrian over the phone at lunch time (a titillating visual for her- a sweaty, muscular working man relieving himself against a cement wall struggling to respond to his woman’s flirtatious talk without his coworkers knowing), Fernanda had simply ignored his phone call four hours later. Some texts had immediately come in afterwards. Despite her innate curiosity, she had left her phone unchecked prior to leaving home. She loved dirty mysteries and this particular one was making her wetter than a white woodpecker on a wet Wednesday.

“Did he pee or didn’t he? God, I have to pee! I sure hope I don’t soak my panties…” Fernanda muttered excitedly to herself as she walked through the door of the cozy establishment, willing herself to stop the self-conversation as she entered. The walk to the pub had been a ten-minute trek in heels, but that was all a part of the fun. Some compromises needed to be made if she wanted to convincingly play the part of a helplessly desperate, sharply dressed thirty-five-year-old lady in need of a ride home! Besides, as a side benefit, what woman didn’t enjoy a few hungry looks on the street on her walk to a great date?

She glanced around the pub to discover four young businessmen eating together at a table, and another older man drinking alone at the end of the bar. The middle-aged bartender stepped away from his conversation with the lonely patron to move in Fernanda’s direction. He invited her to sit wherever she pleased, unsuccessfully trying to disguise his immediate attraction to the dazzling woman.

The young men were much less subtle about their interest in the super-attractive female. “Right here! We got space for her right here!” one of them hollered- he was immediately recognizable to Fernanda as the lead of the douche pack, the loudmouth, the constantly insufferable attention-seeker. Fernanda flashed the peeping group a quick smile as she confidently walked to the bar. “Sorry, maybe next time boys! I have a hot date tonight!”

Fighting the temptation to walk over to the old man at the bar and giving him a peck on the cheek, Fernanda set her purse down in front of the bartender. Messing with dumb jocks was fun, but they weren’t worth her time or attention tonight- more important matters awaited her.

“I’ll have a lemon daiquiri, please.” Fernanda ordered over the indecipherable yells of the other three baboons behind her. The bartender accepted her order with a smile and a nod, then turned away to mix the drink.

As the catcalling ceded, the sound of approaching steps and the simultaneous touch on her back and kiss on her right cheek brought an even bigger, more stunning smile to Fernanda’s face. The somewhat familiar yet still “new” musky masculine smell filled her nostrils while a husky and deep “Sorry, I’m late” equally sensitized her ears. As hot as he smelled… if it was up to her, Adrian wouldn’t be wearing perfume at all and she would sniff only his sweat. He had suggested moving the date to a later time, as he wouldn’t have time for a shower after work. Fernanda had naughtily responded with a photo of a muscular sweaty construction worker wearing only a hardhat and jeans- Adrian had caught on and confirmed the 5:00 pm date time. Even if he could squeeze in a quick shower, he would opt not to.

“It’s ok, Adrian. Just got here.” She glanced over her shoulder at the still-staring businessmen, and added loudly. “But these nice boys were about to steal me away.”

Adrian laughed and playfully waved them away. “Screw off, you guys- she’s with me!”

Fernanda laughed- how great was it to be protected by a handsome hunk like him? It made her feel like a real woman! She squeezed her legs together on the marginally-comfortable bar stool. Laughing while sitting on a full bladder had almost made her leak!

Fernanda scanned her man, trying to guess if he had indeed forgone his last pee- the third and final one they had agreed to do over the phone. He didn’t seem overtly desperate as he seated himself next to her. As he ordered his domestic beer, she lavishly admired his dark jeans and lightly-lined white shirt- his pectoral muscles and dark chest hairs peeked out from under the casually buttoned shirt. He leaned in close to Fernanda as the bartender placed her drink in front of her and turned away again to make his.

“I called and texted you! Where were you? Everything OK?” He whispered, his eyes darting between Fernanda’s eyes and cleavage.

“Oh, no! I lost track of time! I hurried to get here!” She made a show of pulling her phone of her purse and checking it. Her legs quivered as her bladder sent a severe warning through her athletic female body.

“No, it’s OK- we can talk now, never mind the texts. Did you…” He mouthed the word pee, inaudible over the soft rock music playing in the bar.

“No, I didn’t- I was too occupied getting ready!” She gestured down at her outfit, drawing Adrian’s eyes down to her restless legs. The beautiful new dress was not only a sexy choice of attire, but granted a desperate woman some forgiveness. The stretchiness had some clear benefits- it made it much easier for a curvy woman wriggle on her barstool and put on a hot show for her love interest. Also, a much-needed squat out in public was all the more possible in a form-accentuating but adequately stretchy dress. Finally, if a lady’s panties were to get wet at some point in the evening, a dress could help her avoid the embarrassment of a visible wet spot- this just wasn’t the case with pants; any decent leak would show whether the woman wore jeans or some other pants form.

He stared at her shifting nether regions for a moment, before whispering. “Do you need to go?”

She paused a moment, pretending to gauge her desperation level. In truth, she was absolutely bursting. Her pussy tingled with sexual excitement as her constantly filling bladder aroused her further and further. She longed to rub her throbbing clitoris with her fingers or the edge of the barstool she sat upon. Even if her panties weren’t soiled yet by urine, they were certainly already saturated with her natural feminine lubricant.

“Yeah, I sure do. But let’s have these drinks and then we can go.”

“Are you sure you don’t want to go first? I am fine with waiting for you.” His eyes moved in the direction of the vacant restroom.

“No, it’s OK- I’m fine.” Fernanda’s wriggling intensified as she decidedly lifted her glass to consume her first tangy sip. Even thinking about visiting =the toilets made her desperation all the more severe!

“Did you pee?” she asked as the bartender finished filling Adrian’s beer mug.

Adrian wisely waited the mug to be set down in front of him. He thanked the bartender and waited for him to venture down the bar towards the other patron. “Yes, I’m sorry- I didn’t know what to do after calling and texting you, so I just went!”

“Its alright, Adrian- totally my fault!” She touched his shoulder and grazed her fingertips down his arm. “I was so off-track with the time today I didn’t even check my phone- ugh!“

“Yeah, tell me about it! I rushed here too…” The conversation continued on as the pair discussed their day and how the warm weather had led to thirstiness, and so on. She asked him for details about where he had peed and how good it had felt.

By the time they had finished their drinks, nearly ten minutes later, Fernanda’s left hand was balled in a tight fist pressing against her crotch. Adrian couldn’t keep himself from glancing down at her lap every few seconds. As she finished her drink, he quickly slapped a $20 bill on the counter, instructing Adrian to keep the change. He helped his struggling date off her stool but she halted him before he could drag her away from the bar.

She was too desperate to stand up and move quickly- she needed some time to allow for her bladder to adjust to the additional strain of not only standing, but not clutching her womanhood. Unfortunately, her show was a sight for the entire pub to behold. The attractive Latina woman’s shapely legs scissored in place for a long moment, her hands pushing down on the still-warm stool cushion. With her wriggling butt pointing out for all to see, Fernanda just managed to prevent an inadvertent squirt into her underwear. She swiftly returned her hand back to where it so desperately needed to be- tightly between her legs.

With her face burning beet red, the attractive woman gripped her purse and attempted to navigate to the exit as quickly as possible. Unfortunately for her, the small pub had quickly grown busier as the usual crowd shuffled in to pay homage to their favorite post-work watering hole. An attractive young waitress, Mel, was now working, so Marc, the bartender, no longer had to deliver food to the tables. Instead, he was now positioned in a more traditional bartender role- running back and forth making drinks for the full crowd seated at the bar, as well as completing the drink orders for the tables, shouted to him by Mel.

Fernanda nearly bumped into the slightly-taller waitress as she dashed away from the bar, head down. The almost collision caused her to leak briefly into her panties. “Oh!” she exclaimed, as Mel nearly dropped the four beer mugs she was carrying from the bar counter. Noticing the direly desperate state the older woman was in, Mel immediately backed away, causing beer to drip from the full mugs onto the black tile floor. Wordlessly, Fernanda bolted past her with Adrian in tow. She silently prayed that the spilt beer would cover the obvious pee trail she was leaving behind.

Their collective efforts at discretion now utterly pointless, Adrian quickly hurried his date towards his truck, asking her where her ride was.

“Not here- I walked! Ohhhh, I’m about to…”

Adrian interrupted her as he opened the passenger door for her. “Get in!”

Fernanda helplessly danced in place instead of climbing up into the truck. “But, I really have to go! I don’t want to pee on yo-“

Adrian interrupted again, as he pushed her butt up to nudge her into the vehicle. “No matter, it’s due for a cleaning anyway- just try your best to hold on!”

Fernanda’s legs quivered in desperation and excitement as Adrian rapidly and expertly steered his F-150 truck around the curvy rural road. She was wildly, animalistically excited by what the attractive 6’1 construction worker might do to her in just a few minutes. Would he end up seeing her pee on the toilet? Or would he instead watch her have a humiliating accident? As exciting as it all was, Fernanda’s most pressing goal was to get home without wetting her crush’s truck seat.

Struggling mightily to prevent a complete accident, Fernanda somehow limited her leakage to only a single squirt during the five-minute drive home- it happened as he was approaching her parking spot, a half-minute walk from her unit. As she had done all drive long, she tearfully gasped out the last instructions.

“Ok, spot 31, yeah there.” She opened the door before the truck stopped and attempted to plant her right foot on the small rubber step. Thinking better, she shook off her shoes and hopped off the truck. He hollered behind her. “It’s OK, I got your stuff- JUST RUN!”

As she hobbled from truck clutching her pussy with both hands, Fernanda sensed he was subtly inspecting the small wet spot she had left on his seat- she owed him a truck cleaning for sure. Making a mental note to pay him later, she trudged forward with a single goal in mind- to get to her toilet as quickly as possible. She was in serious danger of soaking her beautiful new dress!

Fernanda gasped as her door came into sight- the keys were in her purse, which she had left in the truck! “It’s OK, I got it!” came the yell from just behind her.

Putting aside his gentlemanly tendencies for just a moment, Adrian unzipped her purse and ruffled through it to locate her keys. Unfortunately, he didn’t know which key he needed and Fernanda was way too desperate to describe anything accurately. “That big, square… silver one!” she yelled.

As he hurriedly tried a few different keys, Fernanda let her mind wander for a brief moment, a feeble attempt to her thoughts off the excruciating screams of her bladder. Here, she was- clutching her pussy desperately on her own porch like a little schoolgirl. Beneath her stunning dress, she sported a soaked white thong he would undoubtedly see in its full glory soon enough.

Were things progressing much too quickly? Of course they were. But she was only human- despite her best plans to keep things moving slower, it was no surprise that she had failed. She was too hot, too horny for a dream man like this- she had waited for decades. And, at long last, here that special man was- trying to get her front door opened for her before she pissed herself.

The familiar click of her lock was music to Fernanda’s ears. She stepped past Adrian to beeline for the toilet, but he had other plans. In seconds, he located the open door of the guest bedroom and, with his hand on her lower back, directed Fernanda towards it. On the verge of completely bursting into her panties, she was in no shape to fight his manly desires. Fernanda gritted her teeth helplessly as he smoothly pushed unto the foot of the bed, turned her over, and pulled up her dress to reveal her drenched panties.

With her uncontrollable squirting, Fernanda’s crotch had grown transparent. The woman’s well-kempt, meaty vagina looked up at Adrian through wet panties, inviting him for a taste. An eager connoisseur of tasty female genitalia, he impulsively locked his lips to Fernanda’s lower lips. He tasted her pee and feminine wetness through her cotton panties, and inhaled in the sweet aroma of her womanhood’s natural essence, mixed with her urine. He was in total heaven as he put his lady through absolute hell. He hungrily licked her clitoris through her panties, even sucked on her female organ at times, and she valiantly struggled to maintain bladder control.

With every gasp and scream, she desired nothing more than to succumb to her natural urges and release the voluminous liquid which relentlessly tortured her engorged bladder. How incredible would it be to release her hot urine through her soiled panties into the face of the face of her new lover! Still, she held on. Why? That she did not know. Perhaps a natural childhood lesson taught to her that it is naughty and wrong to wet one’s bed, especially when the protective towel happens not be under you, but sadly, higher up on the bed. Regardless, it was already a lost battle- she, along with the man pleasuring her, knew eventually she would urinate, despite her brave efforts not to.

As Fernanda climaxed, there was no longer any choice in the matter. It was simply a sure rule of nature, as sure as falling rain wetting a woodpecker. Whenever Fernanda orgasmed, she squirted- no ifs, and, or buts about it. She felt her entire body pulse violently as the insuppressible orgasmic pleasure finally overcame her. She started pissing full force into Adrian’s mouth through her panties. He tried to drink as much of the clear, hot pee as he could, but it was a lost cause. She was simply too full, too desperate- her hot liquid waterfall flooded the lavender bed sheets and made a giant circular wet spot on her bed.

Engulfed in an angel’s hot flood, Adrian closed his eyes, tongue still locked in place on Fernanda’s pussy. He continued enjoying the powerful urinary stream bombarding his face, her womanly yelps of pleasure filling his ears. The woman of his dreams had just wet her bed as he had orally pleasured her through her pissy panties. Could life ever get better than that?

