Laws in an omorashi community

Author: footedsleeper

*000*2019-05-02 00:21

I imagine a community with the following laws.

(1) If you wet your pants or wet your bed, you are sentenced to be brought into the crowded public square, still in your wet clothes, stripped naked, and put into diapers and transparent plastic pants. After that you are forbidden to relieve yourself other than in your diaper. You will be changed in public as needed.

(2) If you're guilty of some other offense, you are brought into the crowded public square fully clothed and desperate to pee and restrained so that you can't flee and can't reach for your crotch and everyone has a good view of you. They all watch as you're forced to have an accident. Then having had an accident, of course you're treated as in article (1) above.

(3) It is not a punishable offense to force someone to have an accident. If you do that, then of course your victim must be dealt with as in article (1) above. Moreover, after their public diapering, you own them; they're your pet and of course you can spank them if you like. One of the ways this is done is that you forcibly drag an innocent person into the public square for punishment according to article (2) above. You don't pretend they're guilty, you tell the public that just for fun you want to punish this innocent person by making them have a public accident. Doing that is considered innocent fun. After they have an accident, of course they have to be treated as in article (1) above and you own them.

(4) However, suppose you engage as you usually do in the innocent pleasure of trying to force someone to have an accident, as in article (3) above, but you fail. They escape from you and relieve themselves in a non-omorashi way, using the plumbing facilities. Then you are guilty of crime and must be punished according to article (2) above, and your victim owns you. Of course, this means some people may fraudulently pretend to be desperate to pee, so that someone else will try to have fun restraining and tickling them, and fail, and so the attacker must be punished as in article (2) above. You may find yourself in either of the two roles above, deceiving and ending up owning a diaper-wetter, or getting deceived and ending up being an owned diaper-wetter.

(5) Sometimes a public human sacrifice must take place, so a lottery picks an innocent person to be brought into the public square and treated as in article (2) above. Of course this is a popular public entertainment as are all punishments and forced wettings.

A host at a party may entertain guests by kidnapping someone who's desperate to pee and placing them in restraints so that guests can watch their ensuing accident. This wetter is then of course subject to articles (1) and (3) above and so must get publicly diapered.

*002*2019-05-02 18:06

It seems the editing deadline has passed, but I should have said this is a community in which everyone has a appreciation of the aesthetics and eroticism of the sort of things that appear in things like videos uploaded to this site, i.e. seeing people wet their pants or diapers.

*004*2019-05-02 18:56

{{37 minutes ago, peeople said:

Nazi， Fascist Law

}}

Except that it's consensual: You go to that place only if that's what you want.

