Delivery Driver

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2025-08-05 06:31

Lia who is 26 years old was told by her boss staying dehydrated during her delivery drives was no longer an option. She needs to stay hydrated on days over 95 degrees while doing her truck deliveries. She was given more than enough liquids to keep her hydrated as she does her house deliveries. From 8 in the morning she began dropping off customer packages at houses as the temperature rose over 100 degrees. She was sweaty and thirsty and continued to drink water every half hour. By 2pm she was desperate for a break to relieve herself, but she had too many deliveries to put on the doorsteps. Her pressure in her bladder mounted as she kept drinking water and ice teas to stay hydrated. Lia was forced to skip her breaks to get her deliveries done. Her pressure in her bladder kept mounting with every passing 30 minutes.

By 4pm she was desperate and on the verge of losing control as she drove the truck and kept dropping off packages. The heat with her drinking so much liquids forced her pants to suddenly turn hot wet with urine. She had no choice but to keep working dropping off packages to one house after another. Lia knew she was going to be working late. By 5pm, a hard wet jet stream went shooting out into her pants and on the driver's seat. She had no choice but to keep working.

The next house was a big piece of furniture as she felt her bladder betray her and went spraying into her work pants before she got it back under control. Lia didn't have much time left before she completely loses control of her bladder in the heat and the liquids she has to keep drinking. As Lia drove to her next delivery destination, a ten second squirt of pee went shooting out into her pants. There was nothing she could do. Lia's panic and desperation mounted as she neared the end of being able to hold her bladder. She kept drinking her liquids per policy. As she neared the next house with her truck, Lia burst feeling hot pee spraying furiously down her pants and legs and all over the truck. Lia couldn't stop her pee accident as she ran to drop a package off on the front steps of the next house. 

Lia pissed furiously down her legs and everywhere she walked losing complete control of her bladder. The heat was unbearable and she got back into her truck in her drenched pants. Lia pissed harder and harder until she couldn't drive and couldn't move. Her piss steams flooded the truck and all down the next driveway as she struggled to dash. Lia was hyperventilating as her bladder emptied into her pants leaving obvious trails everywhere. Lia was stuck in her piss soaked pants until 8pm getting all her deliveries done. Her boss pulled her into the office back at the station and began spanking her for pissing in her truck. Lia screamed in pain and humiliation as she peed all over the floor in front of her supervisor. Lia was fired the next day and succumbed to all sorts of degradation fantasies.

