Equilibrium

Author: Flush

*000*2023-01-12 09:37

Comment from the author: This story is inspired by a reddit thread in r/dirtywritingprompts

, which was in it's turn inspired by the graphic novel The White Room

. The story contains female and male nudity, and female and male desperation and wetting. I will post this story in a number of installments.

EQUILIBRIUM

When Patrick slowly awoke from his sleep, the very first thing that he noticed was that his bedsheets were missing. With his eyes still closed, he moved his hands all over the mattress, and it wasn’t until he couldn’t find what he was looking for, that he realised that something was off. He raised his head and examined his surroundings; a well artificially illuminated white ceiling above him, his alcove bed nested into a white wall, with a spotless white floor next to it - unfamiliar terrain, to say the least.

In the middle of the room stood a translucent glass cabin which looked like a shower, and in the wall on his left there was a door as white as the wall, with only the steel door knob visible. Patrick swiftly got up from the bed, wondering how he got here, and he walked towards the only exit, hoping to find the answer to that question behind the door. It was locked, and the key wasn’t in the lock - in fact, there was no visible lock at all. Above the door, there was a message in red LED numbers; 5:00:00, but Patrick didn’t know what it meant.

Patrick groaned as he turned around, and his jaw dropped to the floor. Nested in the wall opposite to his bunk, there was an identical sheet-less bed, and a beautiful woman was lying in it, naked as the day she was born. She seemed to be still asleep, facing the wall, and Patrick had a good view over her arched back and her bare buttocks. His morning wood stiffened a bit, and it wasn’t until now that he properly realised that he was in his birthday suit as well.

The woman rolled over on the mattress, exposing her breasts to Patrick, and loudly yawned in the process of waking up. Patrick took a step towards her to introduce himself, but then quickly changed his mind. If he didn’t know how he ended up here, chances were that the unknown woman didn’t know either. He realised that it wouldn’t be a good look if he would come up to her with his cock swinging like he was some kind of pervert. Or, he figured, it could very well be that she was the pervert. Either way, Patrick walked back towards his own bed, and sat himself down with his back against the wall.

The woman yawned again, slowly opened her eyes, gasped, and then screamed. She bolted upright, also pressed her back against the wall so that she was farthest away from Patrick as possible, and pulled her bent legs to her chest to cover herself. “Who the fuck are you? What did you do to me? Where are my fucking clothes?”, she squealed towards Patrick, who was happy that he had taken the reluctant approach. “I don’t know either, I swear!”, he replied as articulate as he could. “Liar! Get me out of here, you fucking pervert!”, she rebutted, and then went silent, breathing hard. Patrick moved himself a bit closer by sitting on the edge of his bed, and tried to reason with the woman, although he could understand her reaction. ‘Look, I just woke up as well. I don’t know how the hell I ended up here, and who is responsible for all this, but it sure isn’t me. You have to believe me...”

The woman looked up, and also moved herself towards the edge of her bed, eying the door. She took a deep breath, and then dashed towards the exit, covering her breasts with one arm, while bashing on the door with her free hand. “Help me! Someone please help me! Help!”. The woman went on and on until her voice went shrill. She then collapsed on the floor, curled herself up, and started crying. Patrick got up and tried to approach her, but backpedaled again as the woman begged him to stay the fuck away from her.

They both stayed silently in position for a few hours, until Patrick got up from his bed, fueled by a nagging full bladder. “I’m sorry,” he said, “I really have to go - and it doesn’t seem like we will be out here soon.” He cupped his hand around his junk, and then awkwardly walked over to the shower cabin in the middle of the room. At knee height, there was a white porcelain object that looked like a toilet, but when Patrick tried to open the hinged lid, it didn’t budge. He tried it with the other hand, no such luck either.

He sighed and looked at the shower drain, and his full bladder spasmed. He doubted for a few seconds, but then aimed his cock towards the drain and relieved himself - very slowly, in order to make as little as sound as possible. As the last drops landed on the floor, he sighed, and suddenly, the shower turned itself on. “What the hell?” Patrick said, and the water flow stopped again as quickly as it had started. A vortex coming from the tiny holes in the ceiling swiftly dried Patrick’s body, and he stepped out of the shower, puzzled but relieved. He noticed that the woman had returned to her own bed, so he did the same.

Another two hours later, the woman walked towards the shower cabin herself, and fruitlessly tried to open the toilet lit. While swearing inside, she walked towards the exit door, and started bashing it again. “Hello, is anyone there? I have to use the bathroom! Please, anyone?”

“I don’t think anyone can hear us”, Patrick tried to make contact with the woman again, but she lashed out again. “I don’t wanna hear it - pervert. Hello? I have to pee! I just wanna use the bathroom, no tricks - I swear!”

“I really don’t think anyone is there”, Patrick slowly said again, and pointed at the shower, but the woman looked at him like he was some kind of caveman. “I’m not using that,” she said, “I’ll just hold it until anyone arrives”, and then she went back to her bed. Patrick simply shrugged, and laid himself down on the mattress again. “Yeah, let’s hope someone arrives soon, so we can get the hell out of this weird place”, he repeated, and closed his eyes.

Another two hours later, he heard the sound of the woman getting up again. Patrick turned his head, and noticed that she was holding herself down there with one hand, tapping her foot on the floor. After he had heard her restlessly shifting around in her bed for the last hour, it was obvious to him that she was desperately in need of a bathroom. “Fine,” she said, “it seems like I have no other choice. Don’t look, alright. Turn your head towards the wall.” Patrick obeyed and she tiptoed towards the shower, then danced above the drain for a minute or three, moaning. “Hey what's-your-name, how many fingers am I holding up?” she finally proclaimed. “I don’t know,” Patrick replied, “I’m not watching - five?” “Ok,” the woman said, “but just to make sure, put the palms of your hands above your eyes - no, ah - better, put them on your ears. And don’t peek! I don’t want you to hear, or see anything!”

Patrick sighed, finding that the woman acted a little childish, so he nonchalantly held his hands over his ears like a petulant child would do, spacing his fingers apart. “Hey, can you still hear me?”, the woman asked, and after a few seconds of silence, Patrick heard a loud moan, followed by the pattering sound of thousands of drops falling to the floor. Just like Patrick, the woman tried to slowly relieve herself in order to be as silent as possible, but she had held it all back for so long, and she was unable to control the flow - with violent bursts, the woman emptied her bladder. Only after fifty-three seconds, Patrick had counted mississippily, the stream died and the shower turned itself on.

Patrick didn’t hear from her again until the lights in the room went dim to indicate that the night had started; when she thought he had fallen asleep, she ran towards the shower to relieve herself again. It was ‘only’ thirty-one seconds, but it was a steady stream, clearly not holding herself back this time.

- - -

The lights were back on, when Patrick woke up the next morning. He laid still for a few minutes before leaving his bed, fueled by two urges; his throat was dry, and he needed to relieve himself from his morning piss. Covering his genitals with both hands, he strolled over towards the shower to take care of the latter. Through the transparent glass, he noticed that the woman was already awake as well, lying on her bed and facing the ceiling. She had her chest covered with crouched arms, obviously aware of Patrick’s presence in the room. Patrick tried to open the hinged lid of the toilet-resembling porcelain object, but failed to do so as had been the case yesterday. He sighed, turned around so that his back was turned towards the woman, and took a leak. After he finished, the shower turned itself on, and a vortex dried his body afterwards. Upon leaving, he again tried to open the lid on the porcelain object, but no such luck.

“It only unlocks when you have to go number two”, Patrick heard the woman speak, and his heart jumped a beat. She had approached the shower in silence, and was standing an arms length away from Patrick. One hand covered her genitals while she folded her other arm over her bare breasts, but Patrick still had a good view over her body. He felt his cock stiffening, and pushed it down while hiding his privates with his hand.

“Good to know…” he replied, a little startled. It was good to know; he had already feared yesterday that he would have to take a dump in the cubicle and hope it would flush down the drain. He had already gotten used to peeing in the shower, but poo was definitely another thing.

“Well uh… How do you know?” Patrick broke the silence with a silly question, and the woman’s face turned beet red. Patrick kicked himself mentally; there was off course only one way that the woman could have found out. She had waited until the middle of the night, until Patrick had properly fallen asleep.

“I’m Patrick, by the way”, he quickly tried to change the subject. He extended his free hand, but immediately retracted it once he realised that the woman needed both arms to cover herself. The woman raised her eyebrow at first and then bursted out giggling.

“I’m Jane”, she smiled, simply nodding, “I’m sorry for laughing out loud, but can I say that you are acting weird?”

“This is weird!” Patrick blurted out, and raised the corner of his mouth as well; he felt a little more relaxed now that the woman wasn’t yelling at him like yesterday.

“Yeah, I guess so, but still... Any idea how we ended up here?” Jane asked, her eyes scanning the room.

“No clue,” Patrick replied, “the last thing I remember is that I was walking into the steam room in the com…”

“... communal pool in Greenville?” Jane interrupted Patrick, gasping. “That’s so weird, that’s the last thing I remember as well, and the next thing that I know is that I woke up here.”

Patrick examined the woman from head to toe, and then it occurred to him that she looked somewhat familiar. “The pool…” he said, “you’re that woman in the green bikini…” With the skimpy fabric on top, his mind continued, but he didn’t say that part out loud, not wanting to reveal that he had been staring at her knockout bosom.

“Um - yeah,” the woman nodded, “and you are… I’m sorry, I don’t really know who you are…”

Patrick once again regretted his straightforwardness, but Jane didn’t seem to mind.

“... red speedo?” she continued.

“A blue speedo,” Patrick corrected her, “but good guess. I wonder where it is now, but on the other hand, maybe we have more important things to worry about. Like, how are we going to survive without food?”

“Wait, you don’t have food?” Jane asked, and as she noticed that Patrick threw her a puzzled look, she turned around and invited him towards her bed with a gentle hand wave.

“I have a fridge full of it”, she pointed her chin at the foot end of her bed, still carefully covering her private parts with her arms. Patrick slowly stepped forward, opened the cabinet, and his stomach rumbled as he laid eyes on a myriad of sandwiches, salads, tropical fruits, and so on.

“I haven’t eaten anything yet,” Jane explained, “because who knows what it is in that food, but… if you want some, be my guest. On the other end of my bed there’s a water cooler with two cups, if you want to drink something other than shower water.”

Patrick hesitated for a few seconds, but then decided to grab a sandwich. One of them had to try them out, he figured, and eating food from an unknown source was better than starving - presumably anyway. He also filled a cup with water from the cooler, and then looked at Jane, who was shielding her naked body as much as she could. Although she wasn’t yelling anymore like yesterday, there still was an understandable awkward tension between them. Patrick nodded, and then walked over towards his bed, where he promptly feasted upon the fresh food.

- - -

The next days continued in similar fashion; Patrick and Jane stayed in their respective beds, only leaving them to grab food or to relieve themselves. On the sixth day, Patrick suddenly noticed that Jane was standing next to his bed, covering her breasts and privates in usual fashion. He quickly cupped his balls as well, and sat straight up.

“I’m bored”, Jane simply announced, sighing.

Patrick stared at the naked woman before him, and tried to come up with an activity to do. He felt his stiffening member pressing against his hand, asking for his attention. Well hello there, I have a small suggestion for what we could do, Patrick’s penis told his brain, and Patrick had trouble pushing the thought back. Obviously, that was not what Jane meant.

“I, uh…” Patrick spoke to clear the uncomfortable silence, “yeah, I’m pretty bored as well. I’ve been trying to figure out in my head how we can leave this place, but I haven’t thought of anything yet. Not a single clue…”

“Yeah,” Jane deeply sighed, “this place is spotless…”

“Well, apart from the red numbers above the door - 5:00:00 - do you think it means something? It is so out of place in this white room that it feels like a clue, a riddle that we have to solve. I don’t know. I’ve been trying to wrap my head around it, but I have no idea what it means.”

“Wait, so you think we're in some kind of game show like… Big Brother?” Jane asked while she stared at the LED message.

“I don’t know, I don’t know…” Patrick mumbled. “All I know is that this is not the way that I would like to spend my hard-earned twee week vacation. My colleagues at the chemical plant won’t even notice that I’m gone. Do you think anyone has reported you missing by now?”

“I’m not sure,” Jane sighed again, “I was also between two jobs, and my parents are on a cruise ship right now. So probably not.”

“Your boyfriend, a sister or brother maybe?” Patrick enquired further.

“Only child and no boyfriend, sorry”, Jane smiled.

Patrick wondered why a knockout woman like Jane did not have a boyfriend, but decided not to ask her that out loud; this was nor the place or time to make semi-flirtatious comments. Or maybe she was a lesbian, he wondered. Yeah, he sure wasn’t going to ask that.

“So, two weeks before you are reported missing”, Jane continued. “What do we do in the meantime?”

“Two weeks minimum”, Patrick stressed, “and even then; how are they going to find us? I think our best option is to try to solve the riddle.”

They both fruitlessly stared at the LED message for a while, until Patrick broke the silence.

“Elephant,” he simply said.

“Elephant?”

“Yeah, now it’s your turn to find an animal name that starts with the letter T”

“First letter, last letter? Really?”, Jane playfully laughed at Patrick’s suggestion.

“Are you afraid I’ll beat you? Because I will”, Patrick taunted Jane, smiling.

“Oh - we’re on”, Jane smirked, “... tiger.”

“Raptor.”

- - -

After five more days, Patrick and Jane were still oblivious about what the red numbers above the door meant, but they had slowly gotten accustomed to each other's presence. During the day - when the lights were on - Patrick frequently sat beside Jane on the edge of her bed to eat, drink, talk and play light hearted word games.

Patrick and Jane had mutually decided that covering their genitals with their arms and hands one hundred percent of the time got somewhat tiring, and they had found their own way to be around each other, while being naked. Patrick had learned how to fold one leg over another so that his junk was somewhat covered, as long as he sat sideways to Jane. She, on the other end, had decided that her breasts were no longer taboo, as long as she didn’t catch Patrick glaring at them. He made sure not to stare out of respect, and also because doing so would immediately provoke a sudden hard-on, a phenomenon which he tried to prevent. After all, he was still very aroused by the magnificent body of Jane, and keeping his cock flaccid was no simple task. He wasn’t sure whether Jane noticed the random boners from time to time, but she hadn’t discussed the matter yet, and he figured that Jane was not too disturbed by them.

Patrick emptied his drinking cup, and while he filled it up again, he thought of another game. He grabbed the second cup, filled it and handed it over to Jane.

“Never have I ever... been locked inside a room for days”, he said, and emptied his cup entirely. “You know the rules of this game, right?” he asked, while staring at Jane’s cup.

“Of course”, Jane winked, and emptied her own cup as well. Patrick filled both cups again.

“Never have I ever skipped a school day”, she continued, and Patrick downed his drink, while Jane held her own drink perfectly still.

“Really, never?” Patrick asked, and Jane sported a good-girl-next-door smile.

“Never have I ever been late for school”, Patrick fired the next question, to which they both drank. “Hey, I’m a good girl, not a saint”, Jane laughed.

“Never have I ever worn a skirt to school”, she emptied her cup, and to her surprise, Patrick did as well. “A kilt counts as a skirt, right?” Patrick asked. Jane smiled and nodded. “A Scottish kilt? Did you go commando like it’s tradition over there?”

“Let’s find out,” Patrick winked, “never have I ever worn a skirt to school, while wearing nothing underneath it.” He held his drink steady in his hand, but saw Jane hesitantly bringing her cup towards her lips. “Not such a good girl after all”, Patrick taunted, while Jane downed her drink, her face reddening.

They went on for some time, playfully firing questions at each other, until the water cooler tap gurgled after Patrick wanted to fill their empty cups for the umpteenth time.

“We’re out of water,” he communicated, “I guess the game is over for now.”

Patrick turned around, only to see Jane with a shocked expression on her face, her trembling finger pointing at the door. “The red numbers… they’re changing!”

TO BE CONTINUED

*002*2023-01-13 19:32

Patrick blinked his eyes in disbelief, while staring at the LED numbers above the door, who were in fact changing. The static message 5:00:00 which had been there since the beginning, had transitioned into 4:59:33, and the last number was counting down by the second. Patrick’s heart started beating in his chest. Like Jane, he didn’t know what the countdown meant, but after the last days of nothing, any change was like a drop of water in the desert. Especially because the countdown clock was so conveniently placed above the exit door. After the initial shock, Patrick's mind started working. Could it be that the door would open in a mere five hours, and that they would finally be able to escape the room? Or… maybe it was the opposite, and did the numbers try to tell them that they had less than five hours from now to walk through the exit?

Only one way to find out, Patrick thought to himself as he strode towards the door. He pulled the knob with great anticipation, but the door did not budge. Jane, who had followed in his footsteps, moved right beside him and also pulled the knob, with the same result.

“I guess we’re gonna need some patience…” she mumbled, and Patrick nodded.

The room went silent; the playful atmosphere that they had crafted in the last couple of days had disappeared in an instant.

Both Jane and Patrick kept staring at the countdown, only their breathing audible, until they heard the water cooler gurgle. At the same time, the countdown suddenly stopped at 4:50:00.

“Ok, so now what?” Patrick sighed.

“Could it be that…'' Jane said simply, and without finishing her sentence, she walked over to her bunk. The water cooler had refilled itself again up to the lowest marking, strengthening her belief that the water in the tank had something to do with the countdown. She grabbed her cup, emptied the cooler again, and the clock started going down again. Feeling good about her ingenuity, she walked over towards Patrick.

“So, here’s my theory - the clock only counts when the cooler is empty”, she said, while looking at the number 4:49:13 above her head. “Every ten minutes the cooler fills up to the next mark again, so if we want the clock to keep ticking, we have to make sure that we empty it every ten minutes.”

“Ok…” Patrick nodded. “Weird, but not implausible in this strange setting… Let’s test the theory, it’s not like we have better things to do here anyway.”

“I suggest you guard the door - you’re the guy, you have to protect us for whatever happens behind it. I’ll stay by the cooler, so that I can drink the water when it replenishes.”

A little less than an hour later, the timer hit 4:00:00, and a clunking noise came from the door; it was the unmistakable sound of a door bolt unlocking itself. The door itself did not budge, so Patrick and Jane assumed that they needed to unlock more of these bolts. They loyally continued their activity for a while, until Jane stood up after downing yet another cup of water, and walked towards the shower cabin.

“Nature calls”, she announced, and Patrick fixated his eyes on the red LED numbers above him to give her a bit of privacy to her business. Even after they had relieved themselves a lot of times in each other's presence, the vulnerable act still felt strange to them. Patrick decided to count the numbers of the clock in silence to distract himself.

“3:29:46… 3:29:45… 3:29:44… 3:29:43… 5:00:00… wait… 5:00:00?!”

Patrick heard the door bolt lock itself again, and his heart skipped a beat. “No… no!”

He turned around, saw a trickle between Jane’s legs landing on the shower floor, and connected the two dots together. Without thinking further, he swiftly marched towards the cabin, and watched the trickle expand into a steady stream. Jane, who had not expected that Patrick would approach her, had not turned her back to him this time before squatting down.

“Stop, Jane, stop!” shouted Patrick, wildly waving his hands, while Jane was painfully aware that Patrick had a full view over her genitals and the river that she was pissing. She clenched her muscles and tried to stop the flow so that she could cover her intimate parts, but she had just started going and could only diminish the stream to a small trickle. She jumped up, pee seeping down her legs, before a new burst erupted from her bladder, expanding the stream again.

“I can’t - Jesus, Patrick, what the fuck are you doing!”

“The clock, it stopped! After you started to relieve yourself!”

“For fuck’s sake, Patrick, look away!” Jane shouted angrily, piss torrenting out of her and splashing everywhere.

“Yeah but the clock… ok, yeah, ok, you’re right, you’re right”, Patrick realized his mistake, and he turned himself around. While he walked to Jane’s bunk to inspect the water cooler, he overheard Jane’s pee stream hitting the shower drain in full force again. The distinct sound continued for a while, followed by the shower turning itself on, and the vortex drying Jane’s body. It was so quiet in the room that Patrick could hear Jane’s footsteps, announcing her presence.

“The water cooler is filled to the top again,” Patrick pointed out, “I think we need to do the challenge once more. Apparently… using the shower drain resets the whole thing.”

“Great”, Jane said with a fragile voice, and placed herself on the other edge of the bed, curled up with her back facing Patrick. “Now can you please go to your own side of the room?”

“Ok, I understand you need a few minutes, just let me know when…” Patrick delicately answered her request, before being interrupted by Jane.

“Just go away, Patrick,” she squealed audibly upset, “just stay the fuck away from me!”, and she erupted in tears while he dejectedly walked back towards his own bed.

- - -

Only two days later, Patrick dared to return towards the other side of the room again. They had not shared a word since “the incident”, but he was hungry, and decided to no longer await Jane’s signal. She had her arm folded over chest again like in the first days, and carefully covered her intimate parts with the other arm; the intimate atmosphere that they had crafted over the days was clearly no longer present.

“Can I take something to eat?” Patrick pointed at the fridge, after which Jane nodded without saying a word. “Thanks”, he said and lingered around for a few seconds, hoping he would get something out of Jane. She remained silent, so Patrick got up again, ready to return to his bed.

“Wait,” Jane instructed, “we should talk about what happened.”

Patrick happily sighed. “Yes, we definitely should. I just want to say that I’m really sorry that I walked into you while…”

“No.” Jane said. “I don’t want to talk about that. I especially don’t want to talk about that. No, I mean, we should talk about the situation with the water cooler and the clock that reset itself.”

“Of course. What do you think?”

“I think you’re right, I think it’s a challenge we need to complete. I think we need to do it once more. This time without relieving ourselves into the shower drain. Or maybe only you can do it, I don’t know.”

“Ok, let’s try your last suggestion first. Maybe the creators of this game are incredibly sexist. It’s my time to drink anyway, you did it last time.”

Patrick downed all the water from the cooler, until the 2:15:00 mark. After he had paced around with an exceptionally full bladder for the last couple of minutes, he decided that holding it all until the timer ran out would not be possible; it was time to put Jane’s theory to the test. With his eyes fixated on the LED countdown, he felt the first drops of an absolute torrent touch the tip of his penis. 5:00:00. Despite the relief he had from emptying his bladder, Patrick swore inside.

In the next couple of days, they tried a bunch of different theories in order to try to game the system. At first, both Jane and Patrick peed on the floor, instead of the shower drain. Then they poured the contents of the water cup into the shower drain so that they wouldn’t have to hold it all. Then they poured the water onto the floor. Then Jane poured the contents between her legs, into the porcelain bidet while she was doing number two. Then both Patrick and Jane pissed in the water cup, instead of the shower drain or floor. But every solution they tried to come up with to release the fluids somewhere had the same result; the clock always reset itself with the water cooler filled up again.

Patrick sighed deeply after the last fruitless effort to game the system. “So, no loopholes then”, he groaned. “Someone must really keep the liquid inside their body. Is that even physically possible?”, he pondered out loud, while thinking about the recent encounter where he had failed to even pass the two hour mark.

“Maybe not by one person,” Jane replied and laid her hand on his shoulder to encourage Patrick, “but there are two of us. We could take turns to drink the water, so we only have to take in half the amount. If we can find the perfect equilibrium, then…”

Equilibrium… Equilibrium… the word resonated into Patrick’s head, and he suddenly veered up.

“Equilibrium! Yes, that’s it, that’s what the symbol means! Jane, I think you just solved the clue!” Patrick cheered, and leant forward with the intent to hug the woman, but then stepped back once he realised they were still both naked.

“I’m sorry,” Jane cluelessly smiled, “but I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

“Yin and yang. The perfect equilibrium”, Patrick explained while he pointed at the round symbol above the water dispenser. “It’s a Chinese philosophical concept of opposing and complimenting qualities. If one force declines, the other force increases to an equal degree. I think you’re right, we both should drink the water to compliment each other. If the game is designed this way, it would mean that the number of 5:00:00 is not just trivial…”

“I believe we can do it”, Jane said with confidence. She extended the arm which was covering her chest towards Patrick to offer him her hand. “Let’s start tomorrow. Deal?”

It was the first time since the incident that Patrick laid eyes on Jane’s breasts again. He pushed his imminent erection back with one hand, shook Jane’s hand with the other, and smiled.

“Deal.”

TO BE CONTINUED

*003*2023-01-14 20:35

With a game of “Eeny, meeny, miny, moe”, they decided that Jane was the one to drink the first cup. In a few minutes, they drained the water tank, after which the timer started counting down. The first hour was rather uneventful. Both Patrick and Jane made themselves comfortable in Jane’s bunk while they shared stories. Every ten minutes, one of them swimmingly downed a cup of water to keep the countdown running.

After the second hour neared its end, Patrick eventually stood up ‘to stretch his legs’. Or so he said to Jane. In reality, he felt his bladder filling up quite fast, and started to feel slightly uncomfortable. Mentally anyway, he had passed the ‘I could go the bathroom in the near future’ phase and was getting into the ‘I should go the bathroom soon’ stage. They had not discussed the topic at all during the last two hours; Jane had not shared anything with Patrick about her state, and he figured that venting about his own situation would have no use either. After all, thinking about full bladders, holding, and other topics related to peeing only would make their need to go even worse. He stared at Jane from a distance, who laid on her back on the mattress in a relaxing position, her arms next to her, nipples pointing up. As if she was carelessly sunbathing at a nude beach. She turned her head towards the room and gently waved at Patrick, and he decided to go back.

“You look like you’re on a vacation, partner”, Patrick smiled and laid down next to her.

“Oh. but I am, did you enjoy your beach walk, honey?” Jane cheerfully played along.

“Well, the view is a little monotone, I think they should have put it in the brochure.”

“Well, at least we have room service,” Jane pointed at the fridge, “I ordered some while you were out.”

“Oh, but you know I don’t like tropical fruits”, Patrick whined, and gently pushed Jane with his elbow to tease her.

“Who said that I ordered it for you?” Jane grinned and ticked Patrick’s nose, before getting up, as the water cooler gurgled again. “Well, time for a drink!”

Another hour and a half later, Patrick was no longer able to sit still. With Jane’s help, they had already improved Patrick’s record hold time by three quarters, so the positive note was that Jane’s plan of sharing the water intake seemed to work. The negative note was that Patrick was getting into the same desperate condition, and they still had one hour and thirty minutes to go. Patrick decided not to share his status with Jane, whose facial expression seemed more confident about the situation. With her legs crossed, she sat on the side of the bed, and stared at the timer. Nine minutes until the tank would fill itself to the lowest marking again. Patrick was thankful that Jane would have to drink the next cup, but was thinking about the one that he just downed.

Soon, his kidneys would process the liquid and pump even more urine into his already bulging bladder. It was torture, his mind wanted him to scream. But he kept silent, pacing back and forth from his bunk to Jane’s, making sure to stay away from the shower cabin as far as possible. It was so tempting to run there and let it all go, but with all his strength, he denied his body that sweet relief. He looked at Jane, who was his greatest motivation at the moment. Without her, he would have given up already. But the woman seemed so calm and determined, that he needed to endure with her. The first cracks in her shield were finally showing, though. She had the sides of the bed gripped firmly, bounding her crossed leg up and down, when suddenly, she jumped up. With her fists clenched, she found her calmness again, and smiled at Patrick. He stared at the large bulge in her abdomen; it was clear that she also needed to pee very badly.

When the timer hit 0:43:00, Patrick was absolutely frantic to piss. His bladder pulsated, hard, his breathing was fast. For the last ten minutes, he had the shaft of his penis firmly gripped, squeezing the member as hard as he could without paining himself too much. The last cup he drank was traveling down his body, and he felt his control slipping away. Patrick realized how obvious his uncontrolled movements were, when Jane threw a supportive look at him, but he couldn’t help it. Jane herself was also struggling with herself, nervously tapping her bare foot on the floor, slowly losing her composure. She inhaled deeply and walked past Patrick, who’s eyes were locked on her. He no longer cared about the timer, all he wanted to do was to relieve him from his almost exploding bladder, but he did not want to leave Jane down. Secretly, part of him hoped that Jane would use the shower drain, so that he could give up too. But Jane simply passed the cabin, leaving his desires unsatisfied.

Suddenly, a major spasm overwhelmed him. A spurt escaped his bladder, and no matter how hard he tried to squeeze his penis shut, the small burst of urine escaped the tip of the shaft. He closed his eyes, and with an enormous effort he regained control, but when he opened his eyes, he noticed that there was a small spill of urine on the floor. It was not larger than a nickel, minuscule compared to the ocean that he was still holding back. But the room was unforgiving. When he looked up, the timer had reset itself to 5:00:00 again. Patrick gasped for air, and swiftly marched towards the shower cabin so that he could finally relieve himself.

When the river erupted from him, he was ecstatic, his legs trembling, not even realizing completely that they had failed the challenge. He could only think about how good it felt after longing for this release for so long. The stream went on in full force for a long time, landing and loudly splashing onto the shower cabin wall. When the flow rate finally started to slow down, Patrick’s euphoric feeling wore off, and the feeling of defeat kicked in. Because of him, it had all been for nothing. They were still locked inside the room and the water cooler was filled up again. He shook off the last drops, and the shower washed away the puddles in the cabin. After the vortex dried him, he turned around and saw Jane standing in front of the cabin opening, doubled over, hands pressed in her crotch.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee…”, she moaned, and gasped when Patrick took a step aside. She stepped into the cabin and just a second later, the room was filled with the sound of Jane’s pee drops hitting the drain.

“Ahhhh… ahhhh… ahh…”, she sighed loudly, making it obvious to Patrick that she was fully enjoying the moment as well. He made sure to give Jane her privacy this time, and went back to his bed. Jane pressed her back against the shower wall and watched in bliss how her stomach deflated, and multiple rivers of urine traveled down in between her opened legs. She looked back for a second, and smiled when she noticed that Patrick was not observing her. When her stream died and the shower turned itself on, her left hand traveled down her privates in search of her clit. After just a few strokes, Jane climaxed for the second time in a minute, and she shuddered and moaned loudly, timing it perfectly with the sound of the vortex so that Patrick did not overhear her.

“Ok, so this is quite the challenge…” Jane slowly started the conversation with Patrick, who had returned to his bunk.

“Jane, I’m sorry about that, I mean, I tried to endure but I could not…”

“Yeah, and me neither”, Jane swiftly said with a firm voice. “There was still more than forty minutes on the clock, I’m quite sure that I was unable to do this for another forty minutes. So…”

“Yeah,” Patrick interrupted Jane in turn, “and I was not quite sure, I was 100% fucking sure”, he swore, clearly disappointed in himself.

“Potato, potato”, minimized Jane, while throwing a wide smile at Patrick. She went sitting besides Patrick and let her fall down backwards on Patrick’s bed with a sigh.

“It felt fucking amazing to let it all go, right”, Jane smirked like a teenage girl after a moment of silence. Patrick also dropped himself on the bed, and turned his head towards Jane.

“Yeah, it sure did.”

“Better than sex?”

“Close… different, I’d say. I did not like… the foreplay, for example.”

“Mmh.. true. So you wanna try this again tomorrow?”

“I don’t think we have a choice, do we?”

“Unless you want to be stuck with me for eternity for company, I guess not.”

“Yeah, I could have done a lot worse than you as a company, but still…”

“Oh, so sweet! I’ll take this as a compliment, and I’ll return you one; I kind of like you too.”

They stared at each other for a good minute, their faces only inches apart smiling, and then Jane got up and returned to her side of the room.

- - -

The next day, they tried to beat the timer again. This time, Patrick was able to hold on until the 0:34:00 mark. The day after, Jane was the first to give in at 0:26:00. Day after day, they came closer to their goal, growing more hopeful after every attempt. They consecutively reached 0:21:00, 0:18:00 and 0:16:00, but the next day, Patrick already lost control at 0:24:00. The day after was even worse when Jane leaked at 0:27:00.

“What is happening - why are we going backwards?”, Patrick dejectedly muttered mainly at himself after showering.

“I don’t know”, Jane chimed in, “maybe we’re just overtraining? The bladder sphincter is a muscle, right, maybe we don’t give it enough resting time in between our attempts.”

“Sounds… actually quite plausible”, Patrick nodded in agreement.

“And,” Jane continued, “as it is a muscle, we can train it, just like you accumulate muscle mass at the gym. We just have to find the right workout schedule. And… maybe we don’t have to try so hard everytime. Like when a marathon runner is training, he does not run the whole distance every day, but on race day, he does. We only have to beat the clock once, right?”

“Ok, so let’s take a break tomorrow, and start training for the bladder marathon the day after”, responded Patrick. Jane laid her hand on Patrick’s shoulder and pulled herself closer.

“We can do this”, she whispered in his ear, shivering as her nipple accidentally touched his arm.

TO BE CONTINUED

*004*2023-01-16 08:01

Patrick looked at Jane in the dim night light and downed the freshly dispensed cup of water. Now that she was sleeping right beside him in her bunk, he couldn’t refrain himself from admiring her beautiful figure. The reason that Patrick was so close to her, instead of sleeping in his own bed, had been Jane’s proposition. Two days ago, she had remarked that kidneys produce a lesser amount of urine while you were sleeping. So she had suggested that she would drink the water of the cooler before the night, and that she would go to sleep while Patrick would stay away to drink the additional water which would appear every ten minutes.

Patrick glanced at the red clock above the door and slowly downed the 1:40:00 cup. Compared to the earlier attempts where they had equally shared the water intake, he felt more comfortable at this moment. Knowing that he would have to drink nine more cups before the end of the countdown, however, tempered his confidence in Jane’s idea. His eyes absently wandered off towards Jane’s naked body again. She was resting on her side, her back facing him, making it unable to see her intimate parts and the bladder bulge protruding out of her.

Still, even from behind, the view over Jane’s curves titillated Patrick. Slowly, he clamped his stiffened penis, gently thrusted his hand back and forth, and then paused when his erection maximized. He thought about the last time that he had finished himself off, now weeks ago. On the screen of his phone at that time, a lingerie picture of a girl he had met over Tinder. A pretty woman, but nothing compared to the gorgeous figure of Jane. Fueled by lust, his hand traveled down again to caress himself.

“No… please!”

Jane’s sudden scream pulled Patrick out of his trance, and his breathing intensified. Under the impression that Jane had caught him touching himself, he opened his mouth to excuse himself, but then he noticed that Jane’s eyes were still firmly closed. Patrick quickly realized that Jane was only talking in her sleep, and relaxed again. She had turned around and was now lying on her back. Her hands were between her curled up legs, holding her crotch, and between her arms, a bladder bulge was clearly protruding from her waist. Patrick wasn’t really surprised about the bulge; after all, she had depleted the entire water cooler all by herself. He was however quite surprised that Jane had apparently been so at ease with herself while sporting such a full bladder. In the minutes that followed however, Jane gradually started losing her serenity.

By the time the timer hit 1:10:00, Jane was absolutely restless. She laid on her side, curled up in a ball with her legs pulled up, breathing fast. From behind Patrick could see the tips of her strained fingers pressing hard in between her intimate lips. He grabbed the freshly dispensed cup of water and consumed it instantly. His urgency to pee hadn’t really increased in the last half hour, and he was now quite confident that he was going to make it.

He stared at the yin and yang symbol above the water dispenser, wondering about the equilibrium theory. If he was not desperate yet, chances were that their bladders were out of balance in this set-up. The intense movements of Jane made him presume so, and he doubted whether Jane could last another hour with such a brimming bladder. He even pondered about waking Jane up to abort the attempt, so that she wouldn’t fruitlessly suffer, but he decided not to. After all, there was a chance that he was wrong about Jane’s state, and he didn’t want to be the one who would mess up a possible successful endeavor.

When the cooler dispensed another drink, ten minutes later, Patrick couldn’t help to notice that Jane was tensing up for a few seconds before squirming in place again, her fingers quivering from the force she applied on her crotch. Although she was sleeping, she probably unconsciously perceived the suggestive water pouring sound, Patrick figured. Ten minutes later, his theory was confirmed as Jane froze again when the next cup was poured, and the scenario repeated itself once again after ten more minutes.

As they neared the 0:30:00 mark, Patrick started to feel quite optimistic about the attempt. Slowly, although he was getting desperate himself, he was sure that he had the ability to hold on. And Jane hadn’t really changed her behavior in the last half hour. Although she was visibly squirming in her sleep, the status-quo made Patrick believe that she had a chance to make it as well.

The cooler dispensed another drink, and Patrick watched how Jane tensed up again. He observed her quivering fingers, digging ever deeper between her lips, until they unexpectedly relaxed. Without further warning, a glistening rivulet ran past them, traveling down her buttcheek, dripping onto the mattress. Patrick quickly glanced at the timer, and realized that Jane was wetting herself in her sleep. She now relaxed completely, loosening the grip over genitals, and Patrick mesmerizingly stared at the widening stream coming out of her.

Jane stirred, and Patrick realized that it was indecent to stare at Jane’s intimate act. He certainly didn’t want to repeat “the incident” once more, so he looked away, and noticed that the cooler was filling up again with a gurgling sound.

A few seconds later, he heard Jane moving around on the mattress, and realized she was slowly getting awake.

“Patrick… what…”, she spoke first with a faded voice.

Patrick failed to react, and wondered how one should react when a grown woman wets the bed? Walk away? Look away? Console her? “Fuck, I think I…”

“You did your best,” Patrick said finally, shrugging in order to convince Jane it wasn’t a big deal.

“I… I was in school and… the teacher didn’t let me go to the bathroom during class and… the bell went and I… thought I made it but… apparently it was all a dream… oh no, I… fuck, I…”

Patrick heard Jane’s voice tone evolving from surprise to sadness, and soon, she was sobbing. He felt bad for Jane, and got up and walked towards her side of the bed to console her. Patrick thought about hugging her, but didn’t see how he could position himself without touching the glistening puddle around her. Rather awkwardly, he leaned over and kissed Jane on the forehead. Jane, taken by surprise by Patrick’s gestion, raised her head and wiped away her tears.

“The last time I wet the bed, I was five…”

“Look, this is not your fault, Jane”, Patrick spoke up. “It’s the room that makes us do these things. You - you did great. I’m proud of you, Jane, you’re a magnificent woman, and I’m sure we can do this one way or another. For now, let’s take a shower and go to bed, we’re both tired.”

“Still…” Jane sighed.

“Sssht…” said Patrick and placed his finger on her lips.

After he went to the glass cabin to relieve himself, Patrick returned to his bunk. Soon after, he subsequently overheard the running shower water and the vortex drying Jane’s body. He closed his eyes, drifting off to sleep, but then heard Jane approaching him. As he turned his head, he saw that Jane was standing an arms length away from him. Her left leg was folded over her right to cover her most intimate parts somewhat, but she didn’t really seem to make an effort to hide her body from Patrick.

“Can I sleep with you?”, she asked.

Patrick blinked his eyes, his sleepy mind having a hard time examining Jane’s ambiguous question.

“You mean… sex?”, he blurted out without thinking properly, and noticed how Jane’s face turned beet red, realizing immediately that wasn’t what she meant.

“Sleep next to you in your bed, I mean,” Jane explained, still blushing. “There’s a puddle on my mattress and…”

“Of course, of course, I was only messing with you…”, Patrick tried to brush off his indecent proposal as a joke, but he could tell Jane wasn’t buying it - he knew he was a bad liar.

“Is it alright if you are the big spoon?” Jane asked and crawled onto Patricks mattress, positioning her back towards him.

“Sure,” he said, “we will have the most space this way. Sleep tight, Jane.”

“Sleep tight, Patrick,” Jane answered, and moved herself a little closer towards him. “Can I ask you something before we go to sleep, Patrick?”

“Anything, Jane,” he yawned as he closed his eyes again.

“I could really use a hug at this moment… if you don’t think it’s too weird, of course.”

A little bit weird, Patrick thought, but the truth was that he also missed some intimacy after being trapped in the room for so long. He placed his arm over her, his hand conveniently in the middle between Jane’s breasts and groin, making sure that he wasn’t touching any of her intimate areas. Soon, they both fell asleep in this position.

- - -

By the time Jane woke up the next morning, Patrick had already woken for some time. He had not slept well, partially because his bladder was entirely full with the processed water he drank last night, but also partially because Jane was somewhat pressing him against the back wall of his bunk. In her sleep, she had inadvertently shifted herself towards Patrick, her back touching Patrick’s chest, and her butt only a few inches away from his crotch. His morning wood located itself somewhere in between, and despite all his mental efforts, the thing wouldn’t shrink.

Jane yawned and stretched herself, pushing her butt even closer towards Patrick, nearly touching his hard-on. She then moved forward, flinging her legs out of the bunk in one motion, and sat on the edge of the bed.

“Good morning…”, she greeted Patrick while turning her head towards him. Surprised by Jane’s sudden movement, Patrick quickly thrusted his hand downward to cover his exposed penis. By Jane’s looks, he could tell that she had seen his flag pole standing up, and to make matters more embarrassing for Patrick, she even decided to speak up about it.

“Wow… is this your average morning wood or are you just happy to see me?”, she smiled somewhat playfully, and Patrick’s cheeks instantly reddened.

“I… Jane, I’m sorry about that, I don’t want to…”, he almost stumbled over his own words, to which Jane smiled.

“Relax, Patrick, I was only playing with you”, she said, “of course you can’t help it that you have a functioning penis, I really don’t mind. In fact, I’ll take it as a compliment.”

“A… compliment?”

“Well, if I can do that to you without even touching you, then I must be at least somewhat attractive… or is this a ‘in the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king’ kind of thing?’

“God no!”, Patrick blurted out, “I mean, I really find you quite… you know…”

“You’re so cute when you’re shy,” Jane smiled, “but you really shouldn’t be… If it makes you feel any better, well… Let’s just say that I should be glad that a woman's body is more subtle about being excited, because, well…”

Patrick couldn’t think of a sensible comeback to that. Jane was flirting with him so brazenly, pushing her boobs forward and all, and he wondered why after all this time, she had chosen this moment to make a move. Was it simply because they had shared the bed together and that she remembered how good intimacy felt? Or had she caught him masturbating while he thought she was sleeping? A sharp jolt in his bladder pulled Patrick out of his trance, and he longingly stared at the cubicle in the middle of the room. He really was desperate to relieve himself, but at the same time it was a good excuse to get himself out of this loaded situation, and he stood up.

“Sorry Jane, I really need to pee… I hope you don’t mind…”

“Of course”, she simply said, “you’ve had a lot to drink yesterday before you went to sleep. After you, I’d say.”

Patrick was glad that he didn’t sense any disappointment in Jane’s voice, and he swiftly walked over towards the shower. With his morning wood still hard, it took him a few seconds for him to start, but he sighed happily as a thick stream splashed against the shower wall.

*010*2023-01-17 10:58

Wow, thanks for all the nice comments everybody! With the next installment, the story is almost approaching it's end, not there yet, but getting close.

###

“Cheers,” said Jane while staring into Patrick’s eyes, before downing her cup and refilling it again. They had decided they had trained enough to make another attempt to beat the timer, and for the first time in days, they watched how the red numbers above the door went down.

“Ok, let’s do this,” Patrick encouraged them both, “in five hours, we will open the door!”

“Yes, we will!” Jane exclaimed, sharing Patrick’s enthusiasm, “have you already thought about the first thing that you are going to do, once we get out?”

“Actually no, but… I guess I will put on my clothes first?”, said Patrick while putting his empty cup on the side of the bed.

“Putting on clothes, wow,” replied Jane, “that’s something that I haven’t done in a while. Have you counted how many days we are here?”

Patrick shook his head.

“I don’t know either”, Jane continued, “I’m thinking that it would feel weird to wear clothes after all this time being naked. I’m not even sure that I want to put my clothes on again…”

Patrick chuckled. “So, your plan once we get out is to start a naturist camp?”

“Don’t laugh at me, Patrick,” Jane cheerfully retorted, “maybe I will, what are you going to do about it? Ok, you’re right, I probably won’t and put my clothes back on like a good girl… but in the future, I’m probably going to run around the house naked more often.”

“I would pay to see that”, Patrick applauded as he winked at Jane.

“You must first remember where I live,” smiled Jane, “maybe we won’t even remember anything about this place or about each other.”

“Maybe…” pondered Patrick in a more serious tone. “Maybe forgetting about this place wouldn’t be the worst outcome, but it would be a real shame if I wouldn’t remember you…”

“Patrick, don’t make me blush like that,” Jane giggled. “Maybe we can also stay here forever together if you’d like?”

“I would love to stay with you, but I’m also wondering what’s on the other side of the door. Plus, I miss being outside in the sun, and ice cream”, Patrick joked.

“Mmhh… ice cream…” Jane said while licking her lips. “Ok, the first thing I do when we get out of here is order a banana split. Make it two and we’ll share. Deal?”

“Deal.”

Then, the water cooler gurgled, and after Jane refilled and downed her water cup, the numbers went down again.

They swiftly passed the first hour mark, and the second mark also went by without effort. By the time the timer indicated 2:00:00, both Patrick and Jane were nursing a nicely filled bladder. Although they knew from their earlier experience that the organ could still stretch itself further out to make room to store even more urine, they both continuously felt the distinct urge to relieve themselves. Jane downed her cup in one take to keep the timer running, but swallowing became harder on a mental level, because she knew how fast the liquid would run down her body. She looked at Patrick, who was sitting still on the side of her bed, silently watching the timer.

“So how are you doing?”, Jane curiously asked while she positioned herself next to him.

Patrick raised his eyebrow. “Do you think it’s a good idea to talk about this, wouldn’t it be better to take our mind off peeing?”

“I agree that it won’t help with the mental struggle,” she said, “but I think we should share our status nonetheless, especially in the endgame. As you said, the game is about the balance of our holding capacities. But if we don’t talk, the other person will never know when it's time to complement the other one.”

“Ok,” Patrick agreed, “in that case, well, I’m definitely starting to feel this constant need, but it’s quite manageable. You?”

“Same, I think. I can’t deny that I need to pee by now, but I’m also confident that I can hold more and for a longer time,” Jane shared her position.

“In an hour or so, we will know more, I guess. But I have the feeling that compared to our most successful attempt, I feel better - training our bladder muscles really helped, I think”, said Patrick.

“Good. Next status check at 1:00:00”, Jane concluded.

An hour later, Patrick and Jane were both restless. Patrick, who was pacing around the room again, walked over towards his roommate’s bunk with a painful grimace on his face in order to share his status as promised. Jane, who had just downed the 1:00:00 cup of water, stood with her back pressed against the white wall next to the bedside, her legs crossed. Her hands were folded on her bulging abdomen, and although she tried to reposition herself as Patrick approached, it was clear to him that she was also struggling.

“Status check?” Patrick asked Jane.

“Oh right, we promised to do it around now… well, it’s getting quite bad, to be honest. My bladder feels so full, and if it hadn’t been for the previous attempts, I would say that holding it for another hour would be impossible. But now I’d say there’s still some margin… not much, but it might be enough”, Jane shared.

“Two more cups and whatever our kidneys are pumping down at the moment, that‘s the extra amount our bladders will have to take in” nodded Patrick. “As for me, I feel absolutely full, but in control. There’s this awful stinging sensation inside me, but it’s not really hurting me too much… for now.”

Jane laid her hand on Patrick’s shoulder and smiled at him. “You’re doing great, Patrick.” The hand was sweaty, and her other hand balded in a fist; she was clearly uncomfortable, trying to compose herself.

“I’m sure you’ll make it too”, Patrick tuned in as well. “You know, if you want to do a pee dance or hold yourself, you can, you don’t have to repress anything for me.”

“A part of me wants to”, Jane confessed, “but I don’t want to give in yet. I know the pressure will only get worse, and I only want to use my hands when it’s absolutely necessary. It’s kind of the ultimate resort, you know.”

- - -

“0:20:23, 0:20:22, 0:20:21…”

Patrick paced back and forth next to the door, and tried to distract himself by counting down together with the clock. With his right hand, he held his penis firmly in a tenacious effort to seal his urethra. His bladder was absolutely full, but he was determined to hold on.

“0:20:01, 0:20:00” - and then the clock stopped. He overheard Jane filling her cup, and intensely stared at the LED numbers, longing for them to go down quickly again. But they didn’t, and Patrick quickly realized that Jane wasn’t downing her drink.

He turned around and saw the full cup standing next to her on her mattress. Jane herself was doubled over, both hands jammed in between her legs, squirming. Patrick marched over towards her bunk, and he found that the closer he came, the more miserable she looked. Her hair was a mess, her eyes were watery with a tear running down her face. With a lot of effort, she let a trembling hand escape from her crotch, but mashed it in between her legs again before she could reach the cup, as if her pubic area had magnetic powers.

“I can’t… I can’t…”, she desperately cried out to Patrick, “if I drink, I’m going to pee… I can’t!”

Patrick groaned. Although he had a lot of sympathy for Jane’s dire situation, he realized that this stand-still was helping no-one. With the clock stuck, they only had to endure longer in their misery, and the liquid that hadn’t reached their bladders yet, would only travel down and add even more pressure while the cup remained untouched. Almost every muscle in his body seemed to try to stop Patrick from doing what he was about to do. But with an enormous effort, he picked up the cup, placed it at his lips, and downed it in one go. Just swallowing the contents made him feel like his throat was on fire. He was grateful to see the countdown running again; his self sacrifice was not in vain.

“T…t…t…thanks”, stammered Jane, still squirming around, and Patrick nodded.

“Yin and yang”, he said, “I had to help you out. But you will have to take the next cup, Jane. There’s only ten minutes left after, so it won’t reach your bladder, but…”

“Yes,” Jane sighed, “I’ll try, I’ll try… oooh, I have to go so bad, Patrick, I’ll try…”

A little less than ten minutes later, Jane did exactly as promised and drank the 0:00:10 cup, although Patrick had to hold it and place it at her lips while she clamped both hands firmly between her legs.

Nine minutes later, they finally had reached the last minute without spilling even a single drop, all of their urine boiling inside their expanded bladders. Both Patrick and Jane were camping beside the closed door, eagerly anticipating the unlocking of the last bolt at 0:00:00. Patrick was clamping his penis firmly, fighting wave after wave, unable to think about anything else beside the enormous amount of pee that was about to come out. Jane’s situation was no better, her fingers digging deep into her crotch, praying to hold on.

Despite Patrick’s promises, she felt that the processed contents of the 0:10:00 cup were slowly reaching her already brimming bladder, and she was on the brink of failing. Every drop was a drop too much, pushing against the walls of her bladder, searching for the weakest spot of the vessel, ready to demonstrate Pascal’s principle in action. Her urethral opening was burning, but she somehow kept it in control, for now. The seconds on the LED clock were ticking away, but they were just a haze in Jane’s watery eyes. For confirmation, she laid eyes on Patrick, who was standing right next to the door.

Patrick was rocking back and forth, squeezing his penis so hard that he was hurting himself, but he bravely held on. He moaned loudly as the countdown neared his end, and the closer the clock reached 0:00:00, the closer he felt to climaxing, like he was about to get off, but with piss instead of cum. 0:00:03… 0:00:02… 0:00:01… His eyes widened.

Clunk.

Patrick heard it, he was sure that he heard it, even over the noise of Jane’s heavy breathing. He looked up and saw the number 0:00:00 flashing. He looked at Jane and he saw her smiling. His eyes traveled down Jane’s body, and he noticed that the stress in her fingers was slowly fading. His heart skipped a beat, and with his right hand, he reached for the doorknob, while his eyes kept focusing on Jane’s pubic area. Just before his fingertips brushed the steel object, he observed a small trickle running past Jane’s pubic hair, and his heart skipped another beat. While he folded his hand around the knob, a few drops escaped Jane’s expanding trickle, and in slow-motion, his eyes followed the glistening particles until they landed on the floor, right in between him and Jane. As fast as he could, he tried to pull the door open, and the object moved three or four millimeters towards him.

Clunk.

Clunk-clunk-clunk-clunk.

No matter how hard Patrick tugged the knob towards him, he could not stop the process of the bolts latching again, pulling the door back in its original closed position again.

He looked up, watched how the timer was at 5:00:00 again, and felt his knees giving away, realizing that they had failed the challenge again. The moment he let go of his penis, a huge stream started torrenting out of him, and he fell down to his knees, while he kept on pissing like a fire hydrant.

“Fuck!”, he screamed loudly, and the sound echoed around the white room.

Jane immediately came to the realization of what had just happened, and followed Patrick’s move of dejection, also dropping down on her knees. With her legs spread, the flood between her legs only widened, and pee was splashing loudly on the floor between her knees. Both Jane and Patrick kept on peeing and peeing like there was no end, and soon, there was a huge puddle in between them.

Jane was the first one to end, and she froze in position as the last drops escaped her exhausted bladder.

“I thought I could… I thought I could…”, she stammered, breathing faster and faster.

“I thought I…”, she sputtered again, almost choking on her words, her head starting to feel light.

Patrick looked up and immediately noticed the signs of Jane starting to panic, and decided that had to do something. While the last trickles of urine escaped him, he waded through the warm puddle in between them, and grabbed Jane by the shoulders so she wouldn’t fall down. Clueless about what the next steps were to help someone who was hyperventilating, he placed his lips on Jane’s mouth, and started breathing slowly, in the hope that her own breathing would slow down that way. After a few seconds, she pulled away from Patrick, her breathing clearly more under control, and then pressed her mouth against Patrick’s again to continue the process. When Jane had finally calmed down, she let go of Patrick’s lips and pressed her forehead against his. She smiled and looked deep into his eyes, her lips still trembling.

Patrick leaned forward and kissed her, and Jane immediately kissed him back. The first kiss was a timid one, but then she ran her tongue over Patrick’s lips, inviting him to their affection to the next level. Fueled by pure lust, Patrick clasped his hands firmly around Jane’s buttocks and pressed himself against her. Their breathing fastened again, and soon, Patrick’s hands were fondling Jane’s body. Jane engaged in the process, grinding against him, her hand traveling down in search of Patrick’s intimate area. But the moment she brushed his penis, Patrick suddenly let go of Jane and backed down entirely.

“No… we shouldn’t do this… I don’t want to take advantage of your vulnerable state”, he nervously stammered. “It’s not your fault, Jane, you might be sorry later if we continue, I think it’s best to…”

Jane responded by taking his hand, guided his fingers towards her clit, looked him right in the eyes and said:

“If you really think that I kissed you back because I feel I owe you something, I don’t care, then you’re so wrong, but I don't care. But please, no matter what you think, finish me off, Patrick, for the love of God.”

“Are you sure?”, said Patrick, still in doubt.

“Patrick, I don’t know how I can say this another way… I’m horny and I want your fingers inside me, please? Sorry for the explicit language, but you don’t seem to be very good at picking up hints. I’ve been wanting you to touch me for a few days now, but…”

“I picked up on your hints,” Patrick confessed, “I just didn’t want to mess anything up between us…”

Jane took Patrick’s other hand and laid it on her chest, close to her heart.

“We won’t mess up, I promise. I’m… really into you.”

Patrick responded by slowly rubbing Jane’s vulva, and he kissed her again. This time, he didn’t flinch when Jane fondled his stiffened member, and a bit of pre-cum appeared at the tip. Patrick let his index finger his finger into Jane, and was amazed how wet she already was. He could easily add another finger into the welcoming hole, and Jane moaned. At the rhythm of Jane stroking his penis, he pleasured her further by pushing his two fingers in and out of her. Jane closed her eyes and encouraged him to continue, while picking up the pace herself. “Oh… oh yes… oh yes… oh…hhh…”

After just a few seconds, her body shuddered. This pulled Patrick over the edge himself, and he ejaculated, his cum touching down on her thigh, dripping downwards.

“Fuck… that was…”, Jane said, and rested her head against Patrick’s shoulder, without finishing her sentence.

“I know”, he simply said as he caressed her hair.

“You know we’re standing in a puddle of our pee, right”, said Jane, and she kissed his neck.

“Yeah, we should probably go shower”, answered Patrick. “And Jane?”

“Mmhh?”

“I’m really into you too.”

TO BE CONTINUED

*014*2023-01-19 14:08

FINAL PART

After a few more days of love and mutual affection, they decided to attempt the five hour hold again in the same fashion as their near-successful try. Jane downed the first cup, and every ten minutes they took turns, apart from the 0:20:00 and 0:10:00 refills, just like in the previous attempt. When the timer hit 0:00:00, they were equally bursting, but this time, Jane held on while Patrick opened the door.

He was immediately greeted by clouds of steam coming out of the room behind the door, and placed his foot into the unknown space. He turned around to await Jane, who seemed to be more hesitant to explore the expanded area, dancing around in the same spot, hands buried in her crotch. With tears in her eyes from the effort to hold back her full bladder, she pleadingly looked at Patrick, and he decided to take charge to avoid her pissing herself in the white room again. Although venturing into the unknown was a gamble as well, he didn’t want to repeat the outcome of their previous try. He gently grabbed her arm and guided her into the steam clouds, and before he could properly grasp the situation around him, the door behind them seemed to disappear from their sight. He halted and Jane, who couldn’t see where she was going, bumped into him.

“Jane?”, asked Patrick for confirmation that it was really her.

“Patrick?”, she groaned, “where are we?”

Patrick’s breathing intensified. “The steam… the steam room… the steam room in the pool… we’re back, Jane, we’re back!”

“No,” said Jane, “something feels off, I don’t think this is the steam room, we should…”

But Patrick didn’t listen to her. The defense he had built up in his mind collapsed, and the impulses coming from his full bladder overtook him entirely. Tears from joy welled up in his eyes as his urethral sphincter opened, followed by the sensation of his shaft being filled with urine. The feeling of relieving himself was even more heavenly than the previous times.

Meanwhile, Jane was still battling with her bladder, denying even the smallest leak to come out, as she tried to figure out why she had a bad feeling about the room.

“The floor… The steam room at the pool had small tiles, and this floor is smooth, just like… no, this isn’t the pool floor…”, and then she heard Patrick’s urine splattering all over it. “No Patrick, no!”, she squealed, but there was no way back for him as he audibly continued peeing. The suggestive sound made her own full bladder spasm, and a tiny leak escaped, but Jane’s muscles couldn’t open the floodgates yet. Her brain stayed conflicted about the situation, knowing that she probably wasn’t in a safe place yet. The outcome of the previous try was still fresh in her mind, and her brain was determined to deny her another possible premature release. Her urethra started burning, harder and harder, until her brain finally couldn’t take it any more and succumbed to the pressure.

Jane instantly started going, the gratifying impulses immediately washing all her other thoughts. In one movement, she squatted down with her legs spread and stretched her labia open with her fingers, expanding the flow as much as possible. An absolute torrent escaped her pee hole with such pressure that it bursted towards the floor in a straight line like a power washer. The thunderous sound of her waterfall eclipsed Patrick’s stream. Jane almost couldn’t believe how fast she was going, and moaned from excitement; it was nothing like she had ever seen before. They could not see it because of the steam, but Jane’s puddle quickly grew in size, catching up with Patrick’s, despite the fact that he had started going many seconds before her.

Almost at the same time, both Patrick’s and Jane’s streams slowed down, turning into trickles running past their bare legs. Slowly, the steam in the room began to clear, and they stared into each other's glistening eyes, still in bliss after their rewarding pee. The steam clouds dissolved further, and their positive feelings soon faded away as well. A red glow behind them turned into a red LED clock which displayed 7:00:00. In the middle of the triangular-shaped room they were now standing in, there was a translucent glass cabin. In each corner of the white space, there was a bed nested in the wall, and next to the bunk closest to them, there was a water dispenser with a triple yin and yang symbol above. In the bunk farthest away from Patrick and Jane, there was a beautiful woman in the process of waking up. Interestingly enough, a red bikini was covering her private parts.

THE END

*018*2023-01-23 16:23

It was the first time that I published a story in multiple installments, and I’m glad that you liked it, but to be honest some of the hype comments gave me “anxiety” about the quality of my writing. I know the story doesn’t really explain the dystopian parts (why are Jane and Patrick in the room and who put them there?), but that wasn’t my goal when I started, so I decided not to pursue that path. The white room is mostly just a plot device to make Patrick and Jane desperate, so it’s not meant as a dystopian story, it’s a erotic omorashi story at best. I also feel somewhat conflicted about the end.

The first ending I imagined before writing it was a closed ending, where Jane and Patrick would return to the pool and regain their freedom, but I changed it to this open ending. I know open endings can be unsatisfactory, so I'm sorry for that. But hey, as eucoloco said, with this open ending the story can theoretically continue, so if I ever feel like continuing this, I can. Don’t expect something in the near future though, at the moment I have no plans to continue this. I also started this story in *checks notes* december 2020 so you know it can take a very looooong time before I publish something new again.

The reason why I didn’t expand on the dystopian universe, or why I’m calling this an end for now is that I tried writing expanded universes in the past with potential, but without having a fixed ending in my head. What happened is that while I was initially excited to write them, all of them got stuck in writer's block after 1-2 chapters (and not complete enough to be published). I think because I didn’t have a clear goal in mind. This story was a bit shorter and less descriptive compared to my usual writing but at least I finished this one…

