Equilibrium

Author: Flush

*014*2023-01-19 14:08

FINAL PART

After a few more days of love and mutual affection, they decided to attempt the five hour hold again in the same fashion as their near-successful try. Jane downed the first cup, and every ten minutes they took turns, apart from the 0:20:00 and 0:10:00 refills, just like in the previous attempt. When the timer hit 0:00:00, they were equally bursting, but this time, Jane held on while Patrick opened the door.

He was immediately greeted by clouds of steam coming out of the room behind the door, and placed his foot into the unknown space. He turned around to await Jane, who seemed to be more hesitant to explore the expanded area, dancing around in the same spot, hands buried in her crotch. With tears in her eyes from the effort to hold back her full bladder, she pleadingly looked at Patrick, and he decided to take charge to avoid her pissing herself in the white room again. Although venturing into the unknown was a gamble as well, he didn’t want to repeat the outcome of their previous try. He gently grabbed her arm and guided her into the steam clouds, and before he could properly grasp the situation around him, the door behind them seemed to disappear from their sight. He halted and Jane, who couldn’t see where she was going, bumped into him.

“Jane?”, asked Patrick for confirmation that it was really her.

“Patrick?”, she groaned, “where are we?”

Patrick’s breathing intensified. “The steam… the steam room… the steam room in the pool… we’re back, Jane, we’re back!”

“No,” said Jane, “something feels off, I don’t think this is the steam room, we should…”

But Patrick didn’t listen to her. The defense he had built up in his mind collapsed, and the impulses coming from his full bladder overtook him entirely. Tears from joy welled up in his eyes as his urethral sphincter opened, followed by the sensation of his shaft being filled with urine. The feeling of relieving himself was even more heavenly than the previous times.

Meanwhile, Jane was still battling with her bladder, denying even the smallest leak to come out, as she tried to figure out why she had a bad feeling about the room.

“The floor… The steam room at the pool had small tiles, and this floor is smooth, just like… no, this isn’t the pool floor…”, and then she heard Patrick’s urine splattering all over it. “No Patrick, no!”, she squealed, but there was no way back for him as he audibly continued peeing. The suggestive sound made her own full bladder spasm, and a tiny leak escaped, but Jane’s muscles couldn’t open the floodgates yet. Her brain stayed conflicted about the situation, knowing that she probably wasn’t in a safe place yet. The outcome of the previous try was still fresh in her mind, and her brain was determined to deny her another possible premature release. Her urethra started burning, harder and harder, until her brain finally couldn’t take it any more and succumbed to the pressure.

Jane instantly started going, the gratifying impulses immediately washing all her other thoughts. In one movement, she squatted down with her legs spread and stretched her labia open with her fingers, expanding the flow as much as possible. An absolute torrent escaped her pee hole with such pressure that it bursted towards the floor in a straight line like a power washer. The thunderous sound of her waterfall eclipsed Patrick’s stream. Jane almost couldn’t believe how fast she was going, and moaned from excitement; it was nothing like she had ever seen before. They could not see it because of the steam, but Jane’s puddle quickly grew in size, catching up with Patrick’s, despite the fact that he had started going many seconds before her.

Almost at the same time, both Patrick’s and Jane’s streams slowed down, turning into trickles running past their bare legs. Slowly, the steam in the room began to clear, and they stared into each other's glistening eyes, still in bliss after their rewarding pee. The steam clouds dissolved further, and their positive feelings soon faded away as well. A red glow behind them turned into a red LED clock which displayed 7:00:00. In the middle of the triangular-shaped room they were now standing in, there was a translucent glass cabin. In each corner of the white space, there was a bed nested in the wall, and next to the bunk closest to them, there was a water dispenser with a triple yin and yang symbol above. In the bunk farthest away from Patrick and Jane, there was a beautiful woman in the process of waking up. Interestingly enough, a red bikini was covering her private parts.

THE END

*018*2023-01-23 16:23

It was the first time that I published a story in multiple installments, and I’m glad that you liked it, but to be honest some of the hype comments gave me “anxiety” about the quality of my writing. I know the story doesn’t really explain the dystopian parts (why are Jane and Patrick in the room and who put them there?), but that wasn’t my goal when I started, so I decided not to pursue that path. The white room is mostly just a plot device to make Patrick and Jane desperate, so it’s not meant as a dystopian story, it’s a erotic omorashi story at best. I also feel somewhat conflicted about the end.

The first ending I imagined before writing it was a closed ending, where Jane and Patrick would return to the pool and regain their freedom, but I changed it to this open ending. I know open endings can be unsatisfactory, so I'm sorry for that. But hey, as eucoloco said, with this open ending the story can theoretically continue, so if I ever feel like continuing this, I can. Don’t expect something in the near future though, at the moment I have no plans to continue this. I also started this story in *checks notes* december 2020 so you know it can take a very looooong time before I publish something new again.

The reason why I didn’t expand on the dystopian universe, or why I’m calling this an end for now is that I tried writing expanded universes in the past with potential, but without having a fixed ending in my head. What happened is that while I was initially excited to write them, all of them got stuck in writer's block after 1-2 chapters (and not complete enough to be published). I think because I didn’t have a clear goal in mind. This story was a bit shorter and less descriptive compared to my usual writing but at least I finished this one…

*020*2025-06-24 09:05

{{On 6/7/2025 at 8:08 PM, S52 said:

Such an excellent story! Just wondering, are you still set on not writing a sequel? I’d really love to read more. ^^

}}

Well, since you're asking... I actually started writing further on this story a while back. Progress is slow, but I will get there. Since it's not done, I'm not planning to post the entire thing yet. But... again, since you're asking... maybe I can publish the next installment as a preview. Thanks for the comment S52, comments like these encourage me to continue!

So, here's the next part of "Equilibrium"!

(No pee desperation or sex in this chapter just yet, but we will get there.)

###

The unknown woman stirred, and Patrick immediately took a step back, remembering Jane’s initial hostile reaction from when they had first met in the previous white room.

Jane, on the other hand, did not hesitate, and started walking towards the occupied bunk. Patrick tried to grab her shoulder to stop her, but he was too late, and he could only watch how Jane quickly approached their new companion.

The woman turned around, and Patrick examined her, trying to figure out if she looked familiar to him. His cock stiffened as his eyes crossed the woman’s bosom; while she and Jane were around the same size overall, her breasts were significantly larger, and they shifted around in her bikini top as she repositioned herself. Patrick took another step back, pushing his erection back with his right hand; he didn’t want to come across as a pervert to the new stranger in the room. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea after all that Jane took the first step, he figured. Hopefully, the woman-to-woman approach would smoothen the strange situation a bit. He decided to leave the matter in the hands of Jane, and walked towards the bunk closest to him in order to examine the water dispenser.

Jane gently touched the woman’s arm, and the woman darted upright, instinctively balling her fists.

“Lady, wake up,” Jane said, “I’m Jane and this…”

“What the hell… hey, don’t you fucking touch me! I swear to God, if you come any closer, I will knock your teeth out! Back the fuck off! Hey, I said back off!”

Without further warning, the woman got up and firmly pushed Jane backwards, so hard that Jane lost her balance and fell down on her bare buttocks. With a painful grimace on her face, Jane stood up.

“Hey, you hurt me!”, she complained, taking a step back as a safety measure.

“That serves you right for kidnapping me - fucking perverts! Let me go immediately or you will regret it!”

Jane shrugged, and pointed to the door below the red LED display. “The only way out is there”, she said, “but I’m sure that that door is locked. We’ve been in a room like this before, Patrick and I, and the only way to unlock the door is to drink all the water from the cooler over there, and then hold it in for… seven hours…” Jane started to sob in despair after she said the last part, and the woman seemed to calm down for a moment.

“What do you mean, hold our water?”, asked the woman.

“Well,” Jane sniffed, “if one of us urinates, the cooler fills back up, and the door latches itself again, so we have to…”

“So this is your sex game? You’re into watersports? Fucking perverts!”, the woman snapped again. “Look, Jane - if that even is your real name - I will never play along with you two and your perverted sex game, you understand? Never! So save you the trouble, and let me go right now!”

“I wish we could open that door…” Jane replied, “but the truth is that we’re all trapped here against our will. We have to work together and…”

The woman plainly ignored Jane, marched towards the exit, and pulled the door knob. When she realized the door wasn’t moving, she started banging on the door, while shouting at the top of her lungs. “Hello! Anyone! Open the door! Let me out! Hello!”

“It’s no use…”, said Jane, who had followed the woman.

“Stay the fuck away from me, Jane,” the woman threatened while balling her fists again, “Hello! Hello!”

Jane shrugged and walked over towards the bunk with the water cooler where Patrick was hanging out.

“This woman is insane,” she said to him, “did you see her push me to the ground? Can you believe it?”

“Give her some time”, Patrick said, “you also weren’t exactly excited to see me, when we first met in the other room.” Jane raised her eyebrow.

“What? Are you seriously comparing me to her? Patrick, I was scared back then, alright, but this woman… she’s violent, she’s crazy!”

“Everyone has a different coping mechanism,” Patrick answered, “let’s leave her alone for a while, I’m sure she'll come around once she realises that we’re all in the same boat.”

“Let’s hope you’re right,” growled Jane, “but in the meantime, I’m glad that I’m not alone with her, and that I have you to protect me…”

Jane crawled towards Patrick and kissed his neck a few times, hardening his penis again. However, Patrick noticed that the other woman was observing them, and slightly moved away from Jane.

“She’s staring at us”, he said, “maybe it’s best if we keep some distance for a while - otherwise she might keep on thinking that we are two sex addicted perverts… We need to build trust, we need her if we ever want to get out here. With the two of us, we barely held on for five hours, let alone seven, and…”

“What? Seriously?” Jane said, visibly upset. “Seriously, Patrick? First you defend that lunatic over there, and then this bullshit? I see; I was good enough to make love before, but now that a bigger breasted woman comes along, we suddenly have to keep distance? Fuck you, Patrick, fuck you, and your I’m in to you bullshit! I’m going to the other bunk, and don’t you dare to follow me!”

“That’s not what I meant…”, apologized Patrick, to no avail. Jane stomped towards the free bunk, and curled up on her mattress.

The rest of the day was quite uneventful; Patrick, Jane and the woman stayed in their bunks for the remainder of the day, only leaving them to take a piss in the shower cabin. Patrick went first, then Jane, and after a good while, the woman also followed in their footsteps. Just like Jane before, she had fruitlessly hoped that someone would come and free them. But after a long time, she realised that she couldn’t hold it any longer. Her stream was thundering into the shower drain - twenty-five seconds, counted Patrick - a lot less longer than Jane's first endeavor, but with a higher flow rate. Without saying another word to each other, the day passed, and when the lights in the room dimmed, they all fell asleep.

- - -

When Patrick woke up on the second day, he noticed that some food was missing from the fridge; Jane had taken some during the night.

The first hours of the day were as boring as the day before, but then the unknown woman suddenly stood beside his bunk.

“You have food?” she simply asked, pointing at the cabinet beside Patrick’s bunk.

“Yes, there’s plenty, help yourself…” said Patrick, and he moved away from the fridge to give her some space. “We don’t know how it refills itself, but it’s always stocked.”

“And it’s not poisoned or drugged with some kind of rape drug, pervert?”

Patrick shook his head, and the woman bent over to grab some food out of the cabinet. Patrick now had a good look over her taut buttocks stretching her red bikini, showing the outline of her privates from behind. Before he even realised it, he was sporting a semi-hard-on again, and at that moment, the woman turned around again.

“Hey! Are you watching me, you pervert?”, she clenched her fists, “cover yourself up, for crying out loud. Don’t you guys have any decency?”

She walked away with a bunch of food, and since a long time ago, Patrick was suddenly very aware of his nakedness. He and Jane had gotten accustomed to seeing each other's privates, and had dropped the embarrassment after a while, but for the new woman, it was different, he realised. He covered himself with his two hands, and then dropped his body down on the mattress again.

After the lights in the room dimmed again to indicate the end of another tedious day, Patrick got up again. He took a cup, filled it with water from the cooler and walked over towards Jane’s bunk.

“Hey,” he tried to break the ice, “I thought you might be thirsty. I know you don’t want to talk to me, but please, drink some water.”

Jane licked her lips; her throat was indeed dry, and she craved for some fresh water. Without speaking, she took the glass from Patrick, downed it, and then turned her back to him again. It wasn’t the warm welcome that Patrick had hoped for, but he took the plunge anyway, and sat down on the foot end of Jane’s mattress.

“What, Patrick?”, Jane said, “I’m trying to catch some sleep here, go to your bed.”

“I will,” he said, “but I first want to say to you that I’m sorry for what I said.”

He laid his hand on Jane’s ankle, in search for some support, but Jane swiftly pulled her leg away from under him. Nonetheless, he persisted.

“You’re right, the woman shouldn’t have pushed you, and it was wrong for me to advocate for her reaction. I miss you, you know.”

He paused, awaitingJane’s reaction, but there was none.

“So, I’ve been doing some math today. I’ve examined the cooler and the cups, and they seem to be the same size as in the other room. We know we had to drain 18 cups to empty the cooler, right, plus one extra cup for every 10 minutes. That meant 48 cups in total, equaling 24 cups for the two of us. So now, there are 2 hours, or 12 cups more. If we would divide them between the two of us, that would mean we have to drink 30 cups, and to hold them for two additional hours. You know as well as me, that we won’t be able to do that. But - if we divide the cups between us three, each one would have to drink 20 - 4 less than in the other room. We will have to hold our piss for two hours longer, off course. But as we said before, the number of cups probably aren’t just trivial. I believe the three of us can reach the perfect equilibrium again and…”

“And then what, Patrick, and then?”, Jane suddenly got up. Her eyes were red and a tear ran down her cheek. “To what end? To end up in a room with four beds and a quadruple yin and yang symbol? I’m sick of it Patrick, I just wanna go home, I can’t take it anymore, I…”

She bursted into tears, and Patrick laid her head against his shoulders to comfort her.

“I know, I know,” he said, “but we must not lose hope. Maybe this time, they let us out. But if we don’t try, we will never know. We have to persuade the other woman, and at least try.”

“Well - I’m not going over there to talk to her”, Jane sniffed, and pulled herself out of Patrick’s grip.

“You don’t have to, let me do it”, whispered Patrick, and Jane laughed sarcastically.

“Yeah, you do it. But if she kicks you in the nuts, don’t come to me for comfort. Now, I really wanna get some sleep - good night, Patrick.”

Patrick stood up and smiled. “Good night, Jane.”

- - -

On the third day, Patrick took a deep breath, and picked two apples out of the fridge. He stood up, held the two pieces of fruit in one hand, and cupped his junk with the other hand. Then, he walked over to the unknown woman’s bunk, and showed her the apples while approaching her, hoping that the peace offer would work as well as it did the day before. He didn’t dare to sit on the mattress, but leaned against the wall next to the bunk instead, making sure to turn his gaze away from the woman.

“I noticed you like apples, so I brought you some”, he said, while extending his hand to offer the fruit to her. The woman took one, took a bite, and then said: “So you were staring at something other than my butt, then?”

Just the mention of the word ‘butt’ and the mental image of her firm buttocks in the red bikini stirred something inside Patrick. He was as sexually charged as a hormonal teenager, and he couldn’t help it. The 17 year version of him would probably make a flirtatious comment about her body, but he refrained himself from doing so.

“I… wasn’t… I…”, he struggled to find a good comeback, and the woman smiled.

“God… what is this place?”, she laughed.

“First,” said Patrick, glad that the woman had changed the subject, “who are you and why are you here?”

“I’m Teresa, and I don’t have a clue…”, she said while she took another bite of her apple.

“Well, the last thing that Jane and I remember before ending up here, was that we were in the steam room of the communal…”

“pool in Greenville!”, Teresa gasped, and she got up from her bunk, observing Patrick.

“Yes, the steam room,” she continued, “it was normal at first until there was this blue steam cloud with the penetrant smell…”

“Huh,” said Patrick, “Jane and I didn’t remember anything unusual like that, I guess we passed out faster than you…”

“And why are you two naked?”, Teresa wondered out loud, “you’re supposed to have your swimwear on when you…”

“I was wearing a speedo when I entered the steam room,” Patrick interrupted, “but when I woke up here, I found myself in my birthday suit…”

“It seems that the two crews that put us in here followed a different protocol - how long are you in here anyway?”, Teresa enquired.

“It’s hard to tell, we haven’t counted, but in our recollection of our last day outside, it was the last day of April…”

“Holy shit!”, Teresa blurted out, “I visited the pool on June 10… you mean that you are in here for longer than a month…”

Patrick sighed and took a large bit out of the apple that he was still holding. “Yeah…”

“And what’s the deal with you two?”, Teresa pointed at Jane, “are you two a couple, or just two strangers fucking each other out of boredom?”

“…”

“Sorry, that was maybe a bit…”, said Teresa after Patricks failed to answer her question, “hey, are you all right?”

Patrick tried to play it cool and raised his thumb to indicate that he was ok, but in reality, he wasn’t. Startled by Teresa’s bluntness, a piece of apple had gotten caught in his throat, and he was unable to breathe.

“Are you sure, you…”

After a few seconds, Patrick felt his head getting lighter and realized that he was choking; he started to panic, pointing at his throat. Teresa swiftly took action and slammed her hand against his back, softly at first, harder when she noticed that it wasn’t working. She then placed her arms around Patrick and performed a Heimlich maneuver on him. Finally, the piece of apple lunged out of his mouth, onto the floor, and Patrick fell down on his hands and knees, gasping for air.

Seemingly out of nowhere, Jane appeared and pushed Teresa towards her bunk. From her bed, Jane had kept an eye on them, and unknowingly of Patricks blocked throat, had assumed that Teresa was attacking him .

“Stay away from him, you bitch!”, she shouted, and then turned to Patrick, who was still recovering on the floor. “Patrick, are you ok?”

“What the hell, bitch?”, Teresa furiously retorted, “how about thanks for saving his life?!”

“Stay away from him!”, Jane reiterated, and then helped Patrick get back on his feet again. She then placed her back under Patrick’s arm and supported him towards his bunk.

“Jane… she… did… save…”, Patrick squealed, almost inaudible, still trying to catch his breath.

“You need to spare your voice and get some rest…”, Jane said, and finally laid Patrick down on his mattress. While Jane returned towards her own bunk, she gave Teresa another dirty look.

- - -

The incident between Jane and Teresa had fueled the distrust between the two women, but Patrick wasn’t planning on giving up. It had taken him a few days and a lot of trips going back and forth between the three bunks, but finally, he had been able to pick up the pieces. He had convinced Teresa to excuse herself for her first day encounter with Jane, and had agreed with Jane that if Teresa would excuse herself, she would do the same for her actions.

On the tenth day, when Patrick was talking with Jane in her bunk, he waved his hand, and Teresa walked over. Patrick noticed that Jess was tensing up, but she kept her cool, like she had promised. Teresa stopped in front of the bunk, stared at Jess for a while without saying a word, and then cleared her throat.

“I shouldn’t have pushed you, Jane,” she mumbled, and then crossed her arms.

“I’m sorry, what did you say?”, answered Jane, clearly unimpressed by Teresa’s message.

“I said that I shouldn’t have pushed you”, Teresa said, louder this time.

Jane then turned to Patrick and raised her voice.

“What kind of bullshit is this, Patrick? You said that she was sorry, that she was going to excuse herself!”

“Jane, you promised to hear her out,” Patrick said, “she excused herself and…”

“That’s not an excuse! I didn’t hear I’m sorry, and an excuse should…”

“Jane, she excused herself,” Patrick chimed in. “Now you promised me that you would do the same. Come on, Jane.”

Jane squinted her eyes, and crossed her arms as well. She stared at Teresa for a good while, and then sighed.

“Fine, ok. Teresa, I shouldn’t have pushed you either. But if you hadn’t behaved like…”

“All right, all right, see, with a little effort, we can get along”, Patrick stopped Jane before she could escalate the situation again. “So please Teresa, sit beside me, so I can go over the plan once more.”

TO BE CONTINUED

*022*2025-09-04 09:51

I'm in the middle of writing the last chapter, so this September you will see 5 more updates (the story will have 5 more parts). Here's the next part, stay tuned for more in the coming days/weeks!

###

The next day, the three of them gathered by the cooler next to Patrick’s bunk. Without saying a word, they emptied the cooler according to Patrick’s plan. 7 cups for Patrick, 7 cups for Jane, and 4 cups for Teresa - taking into account that Teresa hadn’t “trained” yet.

For the first four hours, Jane and Teresa traveled back and forth between their bunks, only visiting Patrick’s bed when it was time to drain their respective cups. They took equal turns, meaning that each one of them downed two cups per hour.

After Jane had finished her 15th cup and placed it next to the cooler, she turned around to return to her bunk in usual fashion at first. After a few steps, however, she changed her mind and returned to Patrick’s bed, placing her bare buttocks onto the head end of his mattress.

“Can I sit with you?”, she asked, “the silence is starting to freak me out, to be honest. I miss talking and laughing with you, I miss touching you, I miss us. Despite being in a crazy situation, we were so at ease - and now you’re tensed up again, cupping your junk every time I come over, and it doesn’t make sense. I’ve seen your penis, I’ve caressed it with my hands, with my breasts. I know what it looks like, what it feels like; what’s the point of hiding these things from each other?”Patrick shrugged, while keeping his private parts covered. “Yeah, I guess you’re right, but we’re not alone anymore, and right in the beginning, Teresa made it perfectly clear to me that she was uncomfortable with it. I barely managed to get her on board; I don’t want to risk her changing her mind - she might think we are perverts again.”

“Patrick, it was the second day - she’s probably more comfortable about it now. Maybe we should just ask her”, said Jane.

“Maybe…”, answered Patrick, “shh, she’s coming.”

“I’m kind of bored,” informed Teresa, while she nonchalantly placed herself at the foot end of Patrick’s bed. What are you two discussing?”

“The weather”, joked Patrick, to which both Jane and Teresa chuckled.

“On the optimistic side, again no rain for today,” said Jane.

“That would be totally cruel!”, Teresa chimed in, “hearing the sound of running water would make holding our piss so much worse!”

“Ah, so you don’t like rainstorms, or flowing creeks, or running waterfalls, or…”, Patrick teased, and was rewarded for that by Teresa, who playfully hit Patrick’s arm with her fist.

“Stop that!”, she said, “or I might piss my panties right here!”

Patrick smirked, and then continued on a more serious tone. “That bad already, huh?”

“Maybe that is a bit of an exaggeration, but still… I really need to go. Let’s say that I’m not at that point where I would park my car on the border and squat on the highway, but I would definitely take the next exit and visit the nearest field, if you know what I mean.”

“Huh, that’s quite an interesting analogy”, Patrick remarked, “what would you do, Jane?”

“At this point, I wouldn’t do that yet, but I would stop at the next services. Maybe the second next, if the bathroom there was really dirty. And you?”

“I would probably search for an empty bottle in my car, and… you know”, Patrick answered. He was again rewarded for that by two fist bumps, by both Teresa and Jane this time.

“Men, they have it so easy…”, said Jane.

“It has its perks," Patrick nodded.

“On a related note…”, Jane continued after a moment of silence, “Teresa, there’s something that I’ve been meaning to ask you. As you know, we’ve been here for a while. Would you mind if we stopped covering our intimate parts for each other?”

“Like you were doing that!”, smirked Teresa, rolling her eyes. That was true - Jane had been flaunting around with her bare chest for the last couple of days, fruitlessly hoping to get a reaction from Patrick.

“Ok yeah, I can’t deny that - I’m asking for a friend”, Jane stated.

“A friend, huh…” Teresa said, “well… I suppose it doesn’t matter anymore, as long as you don’t stick anything into my face. Like you said - we’ve been here for a while. Whatever makes your friend comfortable, he can do it, I don’t mind.”

“I will inform my friend,” confirmed Jane.

Then, the water cooler gurgled again. Teresa filled her twelfth cup and downed it in one go.

And a half hour later, at the 1:30:00 mark, she downed another cup, but with less confidence this time. Teresa sighed and looked at the timer, and continued to restlessly pace around the white room. Patrick, who was still relaxing with Jane on his mattress, stared at the woman in the red bikini, and wondered how she was holding up. She hadn’t shared much in the last hour, so he couldn’t be sure, but based on her non-verbal gestures, it didn’t look too good. He got up and approached her.

“Hey”, he simply said, and Teresa stopped, crossed her legs and put up a faint smile. He couldn’t help to notice how she was sporting a visible bladder bulge above the waistband of her bikini bottom. Despite the fact that she had consumed less water than Jane, it looked bigger than Jane’s bulge to him, and he wondered if it was just a visual effect of the bikini that Jane didn’t have.

“Hey”, Teresa replied, “how are you?”

“Answering with your previous analogy - I would say that I’m also eyeing the field at the next highway exit by now. My bladder feels really full, but I have had it worse. I know we still have a long way to go, but I’m optimistic about my chances. You?”

“Fuck…” Teresa moaned, “strangely enough, I was kind of hoping that you weren’t so optimistic… because… to be honest, I’m not… In the analogy, I would be sitting in my car, contemplating soaking my seat and paying for cleaning after. In here, I’m trying to hold on, but another 89 minutes… that seems totally impossible to me. Not to mention the cup in a half hour, and yet another in an hour that I will have to drink…”

“Ok, ok, don’t stress out, ok?” Patrick said, “look, I’ll talk to Jane, I’m sure we can take the two extra cups. Just focus on yourself, ok? I’m sure you can hold on for a bit longer, don’t forget we are already five and a half hours in. Eighty percent of the time has already passed. Just try to hang in there, ok? Please?”

Teresa looked up to Patrick, biting her lip. “I’ll do my best, but…”

“When you do your best, that’s all you can do - my grandmother always said”, encouraged Patrick, and then walked over towards his bunk again.

“Ok, we have a situation”, he immediately informed Jane, “Teresa isn’t doing great. In fact, I think she’s thinking about giving up. We will have to drink her next two cups, do you think you can manage one more?”

Jane crossed her arms, and sighed.

“What? I already drank three more than her, and now I have to cover her ass once more? Just so she can relax until the end, and I can suffer more?”

“Jane, I don’t think she…”

“Equilibrium, Patrick - it’s your own theory. We always did our fair share, and now because the new girl has bigger boobs than me, she doesn’t have to do hers?”

“No, Yin and Yang is not about doing the same thing, it’s about personal capability, it’s about complimenting physical qualities. If she fails, we all fail, you know?”

“And what are her complimentary physical qualities then? Breast size, her athletic figure? Stop always taking her side, Patrick, I’m sick of it. I already had three more cups than her, and that is the end of it.”

Patrick decided not to press matters, and hoped that Teresa would be able to hold on if he drank her last two cups. Only minutes later, however, his hope was shattered when Teresa hastily jumped up from her bunk and started running towards the middle of the room. Patrick saw the desperate look in her eyes and immediately knew that it was over. He stared at her, and noticed how her fingers were buried between her legs, as if she was trying to plug the hole. They seemed to glisten, and Patrick couldn’t tell it was because of the artificial lighting in the room, or whether she was leaking.

A quick glance at the timer gave it away - 7:00:00; Teresa had indeed lost the battle. Small rivulets of pee ran down her legs as she leaped into the shower cabin. She didn’t bother to remove her bikini bottoms and simply spread her legs, the red piece of fabric darkening instantly. A thick stream trashed through the saturated clothing and roped down between her spread thighs, loudly splashing into the shower drain. While Teresa kept going, Patrick turned his gaze towards Jane, who seemed to be in a world of her own, not paying the slightest attention to what Teresa was doing. It was only until Patrick laid his hand on her arm, that she looked up, and realized that they had failed the attempt.

She swore and stood up, and Patrick got up as well. Aware that there was no use in holding their piss any longer, his full bladder spasmed inside him. He gently squeezed his penis, and Jane grasped her crotch as well, clearly in the same predicament as Patrick. Teresa had cleared the shower cabin in the meantime, and Jane marched towards there without hesitation, Patrick following suit. Fueled by the same agony, they both didn’t want to waste any time, and without further discussion, Patrick decided to simply follow the ladies first principle.

While Jane walked into the shower and squatted down, he lingered around next to the cabin opening. Trying to distract himself from the agonizing sound of Jane emptying her bladder, he turned his head towards Teresa, who had curled herself up in her bunk in the meantime. In the path between the shower and the bunk, Patrick spotted a few nickel-sized puddles onto the floor, and he realized that Teresa hadn’t made it there dry. Jane moaned, and the sound of her stream only intensified, torturing Patrick, and he grabbed his member more firmly as she danced around. 

Despite his efforts, a leak escaped his bladder, a few drops falling onto the floor, in between Teresa’s wet spots. He looked over his shoulder to see whether Jane had ended. She hadn’t, and the alluring visual of her piss stream almost pushed him over the edge, another short burst spurting out of him before he regained control. Finally, Jane’s act came to an end, and even before the shower and vortex could start, she made room for Patrick, realizing how badly he needed the relief as well.

Patrick gasped and unleashed his penis, piss swirling out of it almost instantly. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the moment. His euphoria, however, was cut short after just a mere few seconds, after he overheard commotion happening in the white room. He opened his eyes and saw how Jane had approached Teresa, and they were clearly arguing. “Fuck… not again…”, he sighed, and tried to speed up pissing so that he could intervene, but he wasn’t even halfway. While his stream splashed against the shower wall, he could only witness how Jane aggressively touched Teresa’s arm. Afraid that the situation would escalate even further, Patrick tried to cut his outflow short, but he only managed to do so after a few more seconds, in which Teresa stood up and pushed Jane back twice. While piss droplets were still dripping from his member, he exited the shower cabin and marched over towards the two fighting women.

“You didn’t even try, bitch!”

“What the fuck did you say to me?” Teresa hissed, “you better take that back!”

“I called you a bitch”, Jane huffed, “while we are suffering, you just give up! You’re just a little princess bitch, expecting that your servants will do the work. You might fool Patrick by flaunting your body around, but you don’t fool me.”

“Oh - so you’re the one to talk, dangling around him like a fly on a fishing pole. You’re just frustrated that he doesn’t take your pathetic bait!”

Jane lifted her hand and slapped Teresa on her cheek, promptly starting a physical fight between them. They pulled each other's hair while Teresa shoved Jane against the wall, placing her arm against her throat.

Patrick arrived at the scene and immediately took action by pulling them apart.

“Stop, both of you!”, he shouted on the top of his lungs, and after some resistance, both Jane and Teresa seemed to cool down. Jane smirked, and then ignited the spark again.

“You’re lucky that your loverboy is here to protect you…”

Jane’s face reddened, spit towards Teresa, and both of them started yelling again.

Patrick grabbed Jane by the arm and forcibly dragged her towards her bunk, in an effort to distance them as much as possible. Although she tried to resist, Patrick was much stronger than her, and he gently pulled her down on her mattress.

“Patrick, let me go!”, she yelled, “I’m going to kill her! Fuck you! Asshole, let me go! I hate you!”

While Patrick kept her down, she repeated the last sentence over and over again. Finally, she stopped resisting, and she curled up in her bunk. Patrick sighed and returned to his own corner again, realizing that the cold war between Teresa and Jane was now full on. Things couldn’t get worse, or so Patrick thought.


