Soaking Wet Mittens (be my beta tester!)

Author: FeatherWatt

*000*2017-02-03 23:04

Hey, folks. FeatherWatt here, from Literotica (also known as Phoenix Baker on Amazon and Smashwords). For the past four years I've been working on a lesbian series called Mittens, about two best friends falling in love - one of whom has a watersports kink, which the two still haven't gotten around to properly indulging.

So far I've got two novellas and two short stories, and they all just kinda dance around the whole pee thing (see what I did there?). Right now I'm working on Soaking Wet Mittens - in which they'll actually go through with it, instead of just teasing and whispering about it. Most watersports stories don't take 70,000 words before they get to any actual peeing, so I'm not gonna post the whole lot here - but I would appreciate some feedback on the wettest story, if y'all have the time.

For those who are curious about the context, or who like to tease themselves, here are links to the first four stories on Literotica where you can read them for free:

Mittens: https://www.literotica.com/s/mittens-1

Schrödinger's Mittens: https://www.literotica.com/s/schrodingers-mittens

Cyber Mittens: https://www.literotica.com/s/cyber-mittens

High Voltage Mittens: https://www.literotica.com/s/high-voltage-mittens-1

They're also available on Amazon or Smashwords if you prefer to read via an ereader.

And here's the first chunk of Soaking Wet Mittens. I write in a plain-text editor and then run it through a convertor to turn underscores into italics - since this is still a work-in-progress, the underscores are still there. This is the first place I've posted any part of Soaking Wet Mittens, so any feedback would be extremely appreciated - hope you enjoy it!

###

_This really should make sense,_ thought Samantha. _She said it shares a circuit with arousal. And... I guess it does, maybe?_ She glanced at the clock. _But it doesn't feel particularly sexy._

She squeezed her thighs close together, the pressure beneath her navel becoming more than just a nuisance. She checked the readings on her oscilloscope - _still not quite there, yet. Well, let's try a regulator with a little more oomph behind it._

_Not that I can concentrate on this, right now._

Samantha sat at her kitchen table, piled high with electronic detritus, trying to do something that no-one had, to her knowledge, tried before - the details of which weren't terribly important, because at the forefront of her mind was a desperate, urgent need to urinate.

_Seventy minutes, now, since I drank the second glass._

She sighed, put down her probes, and sat back in her chair.

_Okay. Body, talk to me. Mind, be quiet a moment._

She closed her eyes, and listened.

Samantha's bladder reported plaintive, insistent orders to stop being silly and just go to the bathroom already, jeez. Her crotch spoke of slight quivery wetness. Her breasts, tenderness and sensitivity. Her lower back told her that since she's asking, it'd be great if she'd stop hunching forward over the breadboard. Her cheeks and forehead mumbled something about it being a little bit hot in here. Finally her brain, tired of being told what to do, piped up with an enthusiastic "You know what _would_ be sexy, Sam? If you texted Nina and told her what you were doing."

Samantha's eyes opened to a frown, which melted into a tiny grin.

_All right._

She picked up her phone and tapped out a message.

Sam: Hey hon. Thought you might like to know, I drank a whole ton of water earlier and now I'm deliberately avoiding going to the bathroom.

Sam: I wanted to see what it felt like. I'm just gonna hold it as long as I can. Love you!

She put down her phone, picked up the probes, bit her lip, put the probes down, picked up the phone, and continued:

Sam: Maybe I'll masturbate soon. Trying to pay attention to my body.

She smiled. _That'll distract her. Note to self: don't get her sacked._

She turned on the soldering iron, and turned it off again a few seconds later when her phone buzzed.

Nina: Jesus Sam

Samantha grinned. She started to tap out a reply, and got as far as "What? What am I doi" before another message came in.

Nina: I just turned red as a fire hydrant at my desk. You're evil sometimes.

Sam: Oh, well if you don't want to be kept updated, just say so.

Nina: Are you at your kitchen table?

Sam: Yup.

Nina: You have a linoleum floor. Just give in right where you sit. It's fun. :)

Samantha put her hand to her mouth, giggling and blushing a little.

Sam: whut

Nina: You said you wanted to understand. :)

Sam: You telling me to give in really isn't helping, here. Can't hold it in much longer. Gonna have to go soon.

Nina: Maybe touch yourself during.

Samantha cocked an eyebrow. _Hmm._

Sam: ...okay. :) I'll keep you updated!

Nina: You're so awesome. :)

Samantha put the phone down. She picked up the probes. She put them down again.

Sam: ...have you seriously wet yourself on purpose? Clothed and all?

Nina: I decline to comment on the matter! Incidentally, if you're going to do that, take your shoes and socks off.

Samantha shook her head and grinned. Picked up the probes. Touched them to the legs of the chip, looked into the scope, sighed.

_This is ridiculous. I can't analyze a waveform while I'm this distracted._

She frowned. _I wasn't even analyzing the waveform, was I? I'd already done that. I was going to solder in that new regulator._

"Fuck it," she muttered, and lifted herself out of the chair. "Some... some games." She slipped her phone into her pocket, and headed into the living room. "Yes," she said, to no-one in particular.

_A violent video game, to distract me from the FUCKING SERIOUS pressure on my bladder._

She picked up the controller. She frowned. She put it down again.

_But I'm supposed to be paying attention to that, aren't I? Understanding it and coming to know it, not distracting myself from it._

She flapped her hands against her sides, exasperated. _Well then, what do I do with myself, now?_

She sat down heavily on the sofa.

_Sit here and need to pee, I guess. And think about what it feels like._

She closed her eyes.

_Urgency. A sense of internal pressure. Warm, liquid fullness. My body is telling me that it needs to do a thing, and if I leave it long enough, it will override my wishes and do the thing whether I want it to or not._

_That's... _kind of_ sexy, I guess? Knowing that my body can betray me and a) embarrass me and b) make a mess of my clothes and environment, if I don't pay attention to it..._

Samantha squeezed her thighs together, wriggling.

_It certainly does make me very conscious of my body. I'm not just a person staring out at the world through two windows at the top of a mobile tower of flesh and bone - my mind, the thing of me that's "me," exists as a system of chemicals and electricity, and that system is hardwired into my nerves, and my nerves go all sort of places, and... oh, dear. Yes, it's _me_ that has to go to the bathroom, not just my body._

She wriggled some more, the fullness edging into desperation.

_My body is me and my brain is me and they're inseparably intertwined, all part of one system. I can say "We are not the body" and "We are not the mind" as much as I want, but we _live_ in the body, and if the body _really_ needs to pee, then..._

She stood up. _Okay, I'm going. I'm going upstairs to take care of this._

She took a step. The pressure intensified then receded in a brief wave.

_Yikes. Am I even going to make it up the stairs?_

Samantha's lips curled back in a wince. _I'd jolly well better, they're carpeted._ She padded into the hallway, turned the corner to the staircase, put one foot on the bottom step, and stopped.

_This..._ she hesitated, not thinking, just feeling. _This feels good._

_Knowing that the relief is coming, any second. It intensifies it, but feels like a tiny sort of relief at the same time._

She took another step.

_Discipline, Sam._ Another step. _Self-control. It's your body, and you're going to force it to compromise._

She started to walk slowly up the stairs. _Because you've never masturbated while needing to pee this badly before, and that's a worthwhile avenue of exploration. That's valuable data, if you're to understand this watersports kink of Nina's._

_So, here's the deal,_ mused Samantha, entering her bedroom and unbuttoning her jeans, _One orgasm. Just give yourself one orgasm, and then you can go and do what you have to do._

Her pocket vibrated around her ankles. She stepped out of her jeans, pulled the phone out - Nina. She answered.

"Hey!" said Samantha, into the phone.

"Hey hon," said Nina, tinny in Samantha's ear. "I'm on break. How's... everything going, over there?"

Samantha grinned. "Are you around others?"

"'fraid so."

Samantha chuckled. "Well, you caught me in the bedroom, just as I was taking my pants off." She blushed. "I still haven't gone to the bathroom. I, uh... I guess I'm going to masturbate?"

Samantha could hear the smile in Nina's voice. "That sounds great, Sam! I wanna hear all about that!"

Samantha hooked her left thumb into her panties at the hip, and slid them down. "Well, okay then."

###

Nina looked left and right, trying not to blush. In her left ear, Samantha's voice came through:

"I'm wet, love. I'm wetter than I expected. I'm sliding two fingers inside myself right now - ah... can you hear that?"

Nina swallowed. "You'll have to speak up, Sam, I'm in the cafeteria."

"Listen." Then a rustle, knocks of fingers against plastic as Sam rearranged the phone in her hand, and then... then a soft, rhythmic squelching, and a background of quiet, contented little moans.

"Okay," said Nina, trying to keep her voice steady - "I can hear you now."

A rustling noise, and Samantha's voice, low and soft in Nina's ear. "I _really_ need to go, Nina."

Nina felt the blush rise, against her wishes. "Well," she said, conscious of the eyes and ears around her, "that sounds pretty neat. How's that going?"

"It's... different. Like there's this... double-fullness. I've never had anything inside me when I was _this_ desperate, Nina. Ooh..." Samantha's breath hitched. "It feels... weird, but good-weird, I think. Like... like a _newness._"

Nina grinned. _And figuring out cafeteria-code is an interesting game._ "So," she said, in what she hoped was a conversational tone, "Will you come, then?"

"Yes," breathed Samantha. "Very soon."

"Because I'd really _like_ you to come."

"Aahhh... I'm touching my clit, and I'm rubbing two fingers back and forth inside me..."

"That sounds great," said Nina. "How's the weather, down there?"

"_So_ fucking wet, Nina. Hot and wet and soft, and _full._ Incidentally, I can't _believe_ you're listening to me do this in the _cafeteria._ You're a naughty little bitch, aren't you, Nina?"

"I am, yes," said Nina, conscious of how hot her ears were getting. "The weatherman said there was an area of high pressure moving in."

She heard a grin. "You dirty, clever girl. You want me to talk about how badly I have to go?"

_Do I admit that? Do I tell her that I want to hear all about that?_ Nina's boss caught her eye - he was buying a sandwich. Nina gave him a jolly little wave.

_Right where I sit, with my boss watching me?_

Nina grinned.

_Naughty Nina._ "That'd be great, yeah."

Nina's boss showed her a hesitant, polite smile, and waved back.

"It almost hurts. I'm _desperate,_ Nina. Ahhhh... I'm _so_ full, love. I worry that I'll wet the bed when I come."

_Oh God, please. Please, Sam, let it go, let it all just rush out..._

Nina picked up a French fry, nibbled at it absently, unconsciously clenching her thighs together. "Well, you'd better come quick, then. That sounds like a mess."

Nina heard a hesitation - then Samantha's voice, quiet, "You'd like me to, wouldn't you?"

Nina felt a fine sheen of perspiration form on her forehead. _Tell her._ "That _is_ something I've thought about, a little."

"Now I'm imagining you in my arms, hugging me close, telling me "Hey, no need to get up, just... ooh... just relax." And then... oh, love..."

Nina swallowed. "Go on."

Samantha's breath hitched, accelerated - she squeaked "I'm coming!" into Nina's ear, and then let out a shuddering, moaning cry.

Nina grinned. "That sounds _great,_ Sam!"

A few moments passed, Nina listening to Samantha's shivery exhalations, her ears burning hot. Then Samantha, a smile in her breathy voice, said "Well, I didn't wet the bed."

Nina giggled. "Well done!"

"And now I'm hanging up because I _seriously_ have to pee _right now._"

"All right, Sam. I'm really glad we could talk." A thought occurred to her. "Oh, and... when you go, keep me in mind, okay?"

Samantha laughed. "Sure. I'll close my eyes and imagine I'm peeing on you. I want to do this one day, love. I'm just... getting used to the idea."

Nina felt a warm glow just beneath her sternum. "I would _love_ to do that with you. You have _no_ idea how much that means to me."

"I think I do, love. And seriously, gotta go."

Nina chuckled. "Heh. Okay. Talk to you later, Sam."

"Okaybye!" said Samantha hurriedly, and hung up.

"You okay, Nina?"

Nina looked up. Her boss was staring down at her. "You look a little feverish."

Nina's blush escalated. "Heh. Sorry, yeah. Just... just a little warm."

He frowned. "It's set to seventy-two."

Nina shrugged. "I'll be all right. Thanks for asking."

He hesitated a moment, then sat down opposite Nina.

_Uh-oh._

###

Samantha ran bare-bottomed to the bathroom, flipped the toilet lid up and sat down in T-shirt and socks, pressure building to an unbearable, aching degree, and continued to hold.

_One more minute. One more minute, sat here. One-one-thousand, two-one-thousand, three-one-thousand, four..._

_Huh. It got stronger when I sat down. Brain-body connections, one overriding the other, negotiating..._

She stroked two fingers over the wet, sensitive point of her clitoris.

_I wonder what it'd feel like, for her..._

She moved the tip of her index finger slowly downwards, feeling it slide over her urethra, which cried out in protest.

"Ah!" squeaked Samantha. _Jesus, that's intense._

_It'd probably feel... warm, and wet, and... trickly? Would it be thin like water, or slick like my fluids, or something in between?_

She blushed, her breathing labored, the pressure inside her peaking. Her middle finger continued downwards, finding the wide, wet, pulsing opening of her vagina.

_I should know. I should know how the thing that I'm doing to someone feels to them._

She slipped her middle finger up to the first knuckle.

"Jesus..." she breathed. _Fuck, that feels good._ She pushed. _Wow. I can actually feel a difference, inside._

_Okay, let's do this._ Her ring finger joined her middle finger, and pushed easily into soft, warm, sensitive, slippery Samantha, to the third knuckle - her index and little fingers cupped her pudenda, the palm of her hand flat against her tingling clitoris.

"Ohh..." breathed Samantha, barely a whisper, not quite aware of the words she was saying. "Oh my goodness..." Her orgasm was already swelling within her.

_Is that normal? Is this why Nina does this? Those two sensations, each very different but sharing a note or two..._

She pressed gently on her g-spot, her palm rubbing slowly over her clitoris - a line of wetness running up her hand.

Samantha let out a soft, quiet moan that was little more than a hum. _Okay. It's time. Let's see how this feels._

_Oh, wait - she asked that I think of her._ Images flashed through Samantha's mind - Nina, smiling up at her from between her legs, stroking Samantha's pussy, lips opening, a tongue slipping gently through her folds, and a whisper - "Relax, Sam."

_I'm actually going to pee on my own hand..._

Samantha giggled a little. _Well, it is for science._

She took a deep breath. _Aaaand... here we go._

She let herself relax, feeling with her fingers as the tension left her - she exhaled slowly, anticipating sweet relief, letting go, a cool rush running up her spine.

A second went by. Then another.

_Okay, what?_ Nothing happened. The pressure in Samantha's bladder swelled to a pointed, intense peak, her urethra tingling.

_Huh. Hard to go with my fingers inside myself, like this. Guess I should've expected that..._

She curled her fingers towards her bellybutton, massaging her g-spot, palm squelching in rhythmic strokes.

"Oh God..." whispered Samantha, sensations intermingling in new and almost unbearable ways. She felt a hot, pointed pressure at her urethra, and a tiny extra droplet of wetness at her palm - but no stream, no relief.

_Take out my fingers, or give myself an orgasm and see what happens?_

She grinned. _It wouldn't take much..._ The fingers of her left hand stroked up her belly underneath her T-shirt and cupped her breast - her nipple, engorged and erect and sensitive, found itself between her thumb and forefinger. She squeezed as her right hand squelched and beckoned, felt pressure and friction inside and out, felt her orgasm come rushing up on her as her desperation hit its absolute highest peak...

A tiny, hot trickle of urine ran down Samantha's palm.

"Fuck!" Samantha threw her head back and growled, glasses bouncing on her nose, the floodgates opening as her orgasm coursed through her, warmth running between her fingers, pooling in the palm of her hand, dripping down her thighs, trickling around to her buttocks, flooding her labia.

_It's so... _pointy!_ A peaked, intense moment of release, and waves of bliss following, like a dam breaking and sun pouring out..._

She shuddered, relief and ecstasy washing over her and through her and out of her, and wondered _is this what a man's orgasm feels like? Is this like ejaculating? No wonder..._

The last waves of her orgasm pulsing slowly outwards from her drenched vagina, Samantha pulled her fingers back, felt the stream strengthen, paid close attention to how it felt running down her sensitive fingertips, droplets cooling on her buttocks, trickling sounds as it hit the water below. She felt herself emptying, as she was still shivering from the aftershocks of her orgasm.

_This is all so new. It's so warm - it feels hotter than my insides. How can that be?_ Finally the stream died down, stopped.

Samantha let out a long, contented sigh, and sat for a moment, eyes closed, relishing the sensations, little aftershocks, tiny pulses of bliss accompanying trickles between her legs. Her fingertips dripped.

She opened her eyes and brought her hand up for inspection.

_Hmm. Well, _obviously_ it's covered in urine and vaginal fluids. What did I expect?_

Breathing hard, she stared at her hand, glistening in the light. A droplet slipped from the underside of her right buttock and fell into the toilet with a tiny splash.

She rubbed her fingers together.

_Hmm. Yes, slicker than water, but thinner than my fluids. Thought so._

_I can certainly see the tactile appeal. It felt nice down my hand. Warm and trickly. Felt nice down my thighs, too..._

She caught the light, watched the way it made jewels on her hand. _But it's still... well... it's still urine, is the thing._

_And Nina wants me to do this in her mouth, one day. What on Earth does it even taste like?_

She brought her fingers closer to her face. _I should probably have some experience._

_This is definitely the weirdest thing I've ever done._

She opened her mouth, looked at her fingers. "No," she breathed. _Not ready for that yet. But maybe..._

She breathed in the scent.

"Oh, EW!" she recoiled. _It smells of piss!_ She grimaced, and took another cautious sniff. _And toast!_

She unrolled toilet paper with her left hand, keeping her right at arm's length. _How can Nina want _that_ in her _mouth?_ Yuck!_ She dabbed herself at least dry enough to make it to the shower without dripping on the floor, and flushed.

_Clearly, if I'm to fully grok this thing, there is yet more research to be done._

She stood up, and headed to the shower.

_At least two more pints' worth._

###

_Well,_ thought Nina. _That's something of a turnaround._ Walking back to the car, she dialed Samantha.

"Hey you," said Samantha. "Just got out of the shower. Are you still on break?"

Nina took a breath. "You'll never guess what just happened."

"Meteorite?"

"No." Nina frowned. "_Still_ not a meteorite. My boss saw me blushing in the cafeteria."

She heard Samantha's breath catch. "Shit. Did I get you fired?"

Nina grinned. "No. He actually told me to take the afternoon off! And he's still gonna pay me for it!"

"_What?_ Horrible Hodgson, doing something _nice?_ Did the Ghost of Christmas Future finally come and visit him?"

Nina shrugged, pulling keys from her purse. "He said he knew I'd been working really hard on the transfer project, today was a slow day, I looked feverish. He was probably just concerned that I might be contagious, but still." Her key wriggled into the lock. "Unexpected of him. So I guess I have a longish weekend."

"Huh," said Samantha, as Nina got in and slammed the door. "I suppose even a stopped clock is right twice a day."

"I guess," said Nina. "Hold on a sec." She opened the door again, slammed it shut properly this time. "So. You got any plans for the afternoon?" She turned the key.

"Nothing I couldn't cancel."

Nina grinned. "You wanna get together and tell me how your little experiment went? Come on, you piece of shit."

"What?"

"Not you." The engine caught, turned over, and whinnied into reluctant life. "Ah, there it goes."

"The car again, huh?"

Nina sighed. "There's still meat on the bone."

"Oh, and yes. Come over. In fact, there's... actually, no, I'll tell you when you get here."

Nina cocked an eyebrow. "Okay then. I'll be about half an hour."

###

_That car._ Samantha turned the mittens over and over in her hands. _That fucking breakdown-deathtrap-rustbucket, stealing more of her life every day._

_When's it going to be time? Time for us to talk about it, time for her to not have to do that anymore?_

_Time for her to do something she loves, instead of something she has to do._

She got up, paced around.

_Will it be time when I ask her to move in with me? How does one bring this up?_

_Dad always said that Americans are funny about money, and... well, we are._

Samantha frowned. _...are we? Is this just me being socially weird again, and secretly everyone talks about how much they earn?_

She sighed. _I want her to be her own woman. I don't want to own her._

_I just don't want her to ever have to do anything that she doesn't want to do._

Samantha sat back down, picked up the mitten, stared at it.

_And I'm contemplating the mittens thing, and the not-talking thing, and the pee thing, and... in that sense, for that day, I _will_ own her. Utterly and completely._

_With her enthusiastic consent, most likely._

She picked up her phone, checked it for new notifications, came up empty.

_Blurred lines. Also, if I do that... if I just say "Hey, you can quit, find something you _want_ to do, crafts or whatever, writing, volunteering, whatever you feel like," then..._

_...then that's the sort of scenario where one can fall into "Owning" someone without even meaning to._

_Unless I'm wrong about that, too. Overthinking. Paranoia. Choice paralysis._

Doorbell.

_Shit. I haven't had a chance to think this through properly._ She hid the mittens beneath a couch cushion, and headed towards the door. _Should I wing it, or put it off some more? And how long am I going to put it off, and..._

Samantha opened the door. "Hey!"

Nina stepped over her threshold and kissed her - a quick peck on the lips. Then she drew back, looked at her for a moment, grinned, and went back in for more.

"Mmph," said Samantha, lips sliding gently together. Nina's hands touched her hips, stroked upwards to her lower back and shoulderblades as she stepped closer and pressed herself against Samantha, breast to breast and loin to loin and mouth to mouth.

"Mmm-_hmm,_" agreed Nina, as Samantha wrapped her arms around her and squeezed.

_Well, hi._

Nina drew back, and pressed Samantha's glasses back up her nose with a grin. "Good day?"

Samantha smiled. "Better now. Come sit down with me."

Nina curled her hand into Samantha's. _That still feels so good. Holding my hand, the ten steps to the living room._

Together they walked, sideways in the narrow corridor, to the living room. They sat down.

"So!" said Nina. "What do you want to do today?"

Samantha's grin took on an impish quality. "A few things."

Nina sat back and stretched, arms above her head. "Oh yes?"

_Look at her. Just look at that catlike elongation, draping herself around. How come I didn't fall in love with her sooner?_

"Well, I'd like to tell you all about what I did in the bathroom earlier. And something else I've got planned. And..." Samantha looked down. "I wanna talk about your car."

Nina collapsed out of the stretch, eyes sparkling. "What'd you do in the bathroom?"

Samantha chuckled. "Maybe in reverse order. No, actually, the last thing, then the first thing, then the second. Just to mix everything up."

Nina lifted a hand, dropped it. "What about the car?"

"Well... how much life's left in it, d'you think?"

Nina looked around, pondering. "I don't know, Sam." She sighed. "Needs tires. Brake pads. I'm getting kind of tired of topping up the radiator every day. Air conditioning hasn't worked since I've had it. It's burning oil, but not enough that it won't pass inspection. Most of the rust's just cosmetic." She shrugged. "Hopefully it'll do for another year or so."

Samantha bit her lip. _Christ, this is harder than I'd thought._

"Nina, I want to talk to you about... about your car, and I guess, in a larger sense, about us..."

Nina's head whipped to face Samantha, her shoulders tense. "What?"

"Oh, it's nothing bad!" Samantha held up both hands, palm-outwards. "At least, I _hope_ it's not bad..."

Nina seemed to untense a little. "Okay. Um..." she sighed, and looked towards the TV, which was turned off. "Sorry. Just... In future, Sam..."

Samantha leaned forward. "Yes?"

Nina looked back towards Samantha. "My car is a piece of shit, and I expect it to give up and leave me stuck on the side of the road any day now." She grinned. "I very much _don't_ feel the same way about our relationship. Hearing them talked about in the same sentence, like that..." She shook her head, chuckling.

"Oh," said Samantha. "Yeah, I see." She took Nina's hand. "No, we're _rock-solid,_ love. We're, like... I dunno, we're like one of those old Volkswagen buses that's just gonna keep going forever."

Nina cocked an eyebrow. "Not the analogy I'd have chosen, but... as long as it's got a flower painted on its spare wheel case, I can live with that."

Samantha grinned. "Yes. Yes, it does."

Nina's fingers curled around Samantha's. "So, then, what _is_ it, Sam?"

Samantha took a deep breath. "I've been thinking a lot lately, about... well, about money."

Nina frowned. "Howso?"

"I've wanted to bring it up for a while, but... I didn't want to do so in a way that'd be, like... bad, somehow." She shook her head, flailed her other hand in the air uselessly. "I have a lot I want to say and I don't know the order in which to say it, but the gist is that I want to make you happy... but I want to make you happy in the way you _want_ to be made happy."

Nina frowned. She put a hand on Samantha's shoulder. "Sam. Whatever it is, let's hear it. I don't like seeing you tie yourself in knots."

Samantha sat back, put her feet up on the couch and wrapped her arms around her knees, not looking at Nina. "Do you remember," she said, quietly, "when we'd be talking about something online, and we'd be... well, not _fighting_ about something, because we don't really _do_ that, but we had some bone to pick that we needed to talk about - and you'd see me typing for a long time, and then a big wall of text would appear, and I'd sit and bite my nails while you read it?"

Nina nodded. "You'd blurt it all out in one go and then I'd go through it point-by-point. And, pretty much always as I recall, it'd turn out to be..." She hesitated. "I hate to say this, Sam, but it'd end up that you'd been worrying about worrying, half the time."

Samantha looked up at Nina. She swallowed. _Tell her._ "The more I think about... the thing, the more I think I might have been letting you believe something about me that's not true."

Nina cocked her head to the side. "Well, you'd better tell me what it is, so you don't have to worry about that anymore."

Samantha exhaled. _That was the perfect thing to say. But this is still frightening..._

_Just do it, Sam._

"Nina..." breathed Samantha, avoiding her eyes, "how much money do you think I have?"

Nina frowned. She looked down, pouted a little, brow furrowed. Samantha held her breath. "I don't _know,_" she said eventually, with genuine wonder in her voice. "I know you've got one of those jobs that takes five minutes to explain, and they usually pay pretty well - but then again, I know what bosses are like, and what the economy's like, and how nobody's really getting what they deserve. You do things like put a computer in a shower, but you probably already had the parts lying around, and it saves water and heat too."

She took her hand from Samantha's shoulder, put it to her chin. "Your car's not new, but it's not a piece of shit, either. You go to flea markets and thrift stores. Your house is small, but it's in a nice neighborhood and it's not falling down, and it seems like just the right size for you. It all points to comfortable, not rich, not poor, but... sensible about it, and I know rich people get rich by not spending money that they don't have to spend." She looked towards the TV. "And yet. Serious speakers, serious TV, and I've never seen you _wait_ on a new game you're excited about. I've never heard you _worry_ about money, and even my well-off friends do _that._" She looked towards Samantha. "We go to nice restaurants, and..." She paused, a realization passing over her face. "Oh, _Sam._"

Samantha cringed. "What?"

"And... you let me pay, when I insist, even though you know I can't really afford to..." Nina exhaled. "I think I might have an idea what it is."

Samantha sat for a moment. "...really?"

Nina nodded, her eyes still on Samantha's expensive speakers. "Maybe. I know you don't want to drag the words out yourself, Sam, so... I'll tell you what I _think_ you're worried about, and you can just tell me how accurate I am."

Samantha sat back, steeled herself. "Okay," she breathed.

"I think that it's one of two extremes. It's either that you're poor as a church mouse, and you buy things like games and neat electronics toys on impulse, and you might be secretly in a lot of debt. And if that's the case, I can help - I love you, and I want us to fix it together. But... I think what's more likely, knowing what you're like," said Nina, looking at Samantha, "is that you're actually rich."

Samantha squeaked a little, then cleared her throat. "Okay," she managed.

"I think that you don't think of yourself as "secretly" rich," continued Nina, "but you just couldn't find a way to bring it up. In fact, I don't think you even think of yourself as rich. I think that you've been driving yourself bananas agonizing over this, because whether you meant to or not, it became a secret that you'd kept from me." She turned to Samantha. "And I think that you want to buy me a new car, but you're worried that that'll mean that you, like, _own_ me or something."

They sat in silence for a moment.

"And that's all I've got," said Nina, quietly. "How far off the mark was I?"

"You were pretty close," whispered Samantha.

_I want to look at her. I want to know if she's smiling, or if she looks dead. I want to know if she's hurt that I've kept it from her..._

_But I didn't mean to!_

_...but I did, anyway._

"Then what did I miss out?" asked Nina.

Samantha looked up at her, blinking, surprised to feel a shiver run up her spine. "Um..."

"Was it... _magnitude?_" asked Nina. A faint smile appeared.

_Oh, thank God. A smile._

"Are you, like..." Nina cocked her head and grinned, narrowing her eyes at Samantha a little. "A secret billionaire? Have you got a lair in a volcano somewhere?"

Samantha felt a smile of her own twitching at the corners of her mouth. She shook her head, looked at her thumbs.

"So..." began Nina, and stopped. "Hang on. Okay. When I ask you this, I'm not asking how much you've kept a secret from me so I can be mad at you, okay? I'm asking how much you've tortured yourself on my behalf, so that I know how much to hug you."

"I've been giving half my salary to Doctors Without Borders for three years," muttered Samantha.

Silence.

She looked up at Nina. Her eyes were wide.

She looked away again. "I don't want to own you," she said, almost whispering. "I just want you to not have to do things that you don't want to do."

More silence, then Nina cleared her throat.

"Sam," said Nina, very quietly, "just how much are we talking, here?"

Samantha pulled out her phone, tapped a couple of things. She put her phone away.

She looked up, to meet Nina's eyes. She looked down, at her toes. She wriggled them.

_Just say it, Sam._

She took a deep breath.

"Three hundred and eighty-four thousand -" she heard a sharp intake of breath - "four hundred and thirty-one dollars, and eight cents."

There was silence, for a long time.

"I mean, that's spread around and liquid," sputtered Samantha. "There's other stuff too, you know, like..." her voice died off, slowly - "investments, and... things..."

_Oh my fucking God! What is she thinking! Tell me what you're thinking, Nina!_ She looked up. Nina was staring off into space, her lips parted.

"Okay," said Nina, after a few more seconds. She turned to Samantha, slowly, her expression still shocked. "Right, then."

"I don't want to _change_ you!" wailed Samantha. "I just want to make you _happy!_ I didn't know how to tell you, I'm _sorry!_ God, Nina, I'm so sorry!"

Nina swallowed. She reached out a shaky hand, patted Samantha on the knee. "Shh. Shh, Sam, it's okay."

Samantha bit her tongue so that she did not say "It's NOT!" - and sat waiting for more input from Nina.

_I can't bear this. I can't bear not knowing._

"What are you thinking right now?" asked Samantha, a lump in her throat.

Nina blinked, took a deep breath, shook her head. "I don't know, Sam. Mostly I'm sorry that you beat yourself up so hard over this."

"All this time, I've been watching you struggle..."

Nina looked sharply at Samantha. "Sam, when I was in trouble, you helped me out. And then _again,_ afterwards, and hell, Sam..." She shook her head. "You didn't make anything feel like charity. You just _knew_ that _everyone's_ struggling right now, and you kept saying that, and..." She sighed, looked down. "How did you decide how much to give me, those two times?"

Samantha shook her head. "I didn't. I didn't, like, sit around thinking "How much does she deserve," or "How much should I give her so she doesn't realize I could give more," or "How much should I give her so that -""

"I know you didn't, Sam," murmured Nina. "You _wouldn't._ I'm assuming good faith, here."

"I - I don't know," finished Samantha, voice dying to a squeak. "I just pulled a number out of the air."

They sat, Samantha looking at Nina, Nina looking at the floor.

"What do we do now, Nina?"

Nina shook her head. "I don't know."

More silence.

"What do you _want_ to do, Sam?"

Samantha hugged her knees. "I want the world to be a magical place where I can just _give_ you enough money so that you didn't have to work ever again, and you could do crafts or writing or programming or painting or volunteer somewhere or get your veterinary degree or any of those things, and you'd never feel an obligation towards me for any of it and it didn't change who you are or turn you into a housewife because I love you more than life itself _exactly_ as you are."

Nina showed a faint smile. "I love you too. Did the money change _you,_ Sam?"

Sam pulled her knees closer to her chest. "I try not to let it, but I'd be an idiot if I said it didn't."

"I don't think it did," whispered Nina.

"What do _you_ want to do, hon?" asked Samantha.

Nina spoke very quietly. "It might well be foolishness, but I want to live in that world too." She turned to Samantha. Slowly, sun in her hair, the smile showed through. "Or die trying."

Suddenly, explosively, she hugged Samantha.

Samantha felt the very breath being squeezed from her. "I just don't want to change you," she said, again, tears falling down her cheeks.

"We'll change each other," said Nina, into Samantha's breast. "We already have." She buried her face in Samantha's neck. "In good ways. You're not the Samantha I fell in love with, and that's not a bad thing. You change. I change. We change each other. Change is good."

Samantha laughed through tears. "Well, you _did_ turn me into a lesbian."

Nina laughed, muffled against Samantha's shoulder. "See? The Sam I fell in love with was straight."

Samantha sniffled. "Straight-_ish._" She patted Nina's back.

"We wouldn't have gotten far like that," whispered Nina, into Samantha's ear. "Would we. _Mistress._"

Samantha sighed happily, relief and excitement washing over her. "No," she breathed, voice shaking. "No, we wouldn't..."

Samantha leaned just the slightest fraction, and gently bit Nina's earlobe.

"...little rabbit."

###

SOAKING WET MITTENS

Nina: THAT WAS THE PROLOGUE.

Samantha: Yup. We're doing a new thing here, where the introductory Internet chatlog comes in after the first bit of story!

Nina: So! Welcome to Soaking Wet Mittens!

Nina: In case you hadn't picked up on it, this story is full of lesbian watersports!

Samantha: Indeed it is. Newcomers - those who came just for the watersports - in "Mittens," Nina and I fall in love. In "High Voltage Mittens," the subject of Nina's watersports kink is first raised, confessed and explored, but mostly we're playing around with electricity, as the title would suggest.

Nina: So if you don't like pee, you've had PLENTY of warning!

Samantha: Also, as is traditional, we're typing this chatlog on laptops - mine is supported by Nina's naked back, and I have a hairbrush handy for spanking her.

Nina: Most lesbian watersports books don't take two novellas and a bunch of short stories before they get to the actual peeing.

Samantha: Well, d'you want it done fast, or d'you want it done right?

Nina: I want it done NOW, which is good, because it's happening now!

Samantha: Actually, what's happening now is that, off-screen, you and I are snuggling and I'm reaching underneath the cushion for the mittens, and I'm laying out exactly what I want to do to you tomorrow, and you're basically nodding a lot and squeeing.

Nina: Remind me why we're not actually showing that to the reader?

Samantha: Because although it wasn't a surprise for you - at least, the general structure wasn't a surprise, even if some details were - we want it to be a surprise for the reader.

Nina: So basically right now we're writing a porn story where we close the curtains over the sexy bit.

Samantha: It's not the only sexy bit! Just... just the bit that gives away the whole thing.

Nina: Ow!

Nina: What was _that_ for?

Samantha: Oh, just passing the time.

Nina: OW! Ouch, you big meanie!

Samantha: Okay, we should be done with the negotiations by now. Shall we take a look?

Nina: Yes. Happy reading, folks!

Samantha: We'll see you again after the story.

###

Nina trembled, staring at the mittens Samantha held out to her.

"That sounds..." she swallowed. "_Wow,_ Sam. That's... just..."

"Do you _like_ the idea?"

Nina looked up into Samantha's eyes. They were vulnerable, concerned - _she's planned this all out carefully. She's been thinking about it for a long time._

_And she's figured everything out. All my buttons, well-pressed, for a whole day._

Nina nodded. "I _love_ the idea. It's scary, but I love it."

Samantha giggled. "I'm scaring _you?_ I thought _I_ was the vanilla one!"

Nina shrugged. "You surprise me. You _keep_ surprising me."

_I told an eccentric genius that I get off on pain, humiliation, fear and degradation - and she wants to make me happy. I really should expect to be surprised._

"May I?" asked Nina, reaching out for the mitten.

"Of course," said Samantha. "Here." She didn't let Nina take the mitten - she did something frighteningly dexterous with inhuman speed and accuracy, and Nina's reaching hand was enveloped in soft, smooth fabric.

"Oh, _wow,_" said Nina, a cold rush of excitement and fear running up her spine. "The inside feels _amazing._"

"It's a synthetic. Poly-something-or-other."

"It feels _cold._ It's like... it feels like a fall morning, somehow, like..." Nina thought for a moment. "Like skin just out of the shower, or certain sorts of fruit..."

Samantha passed Nina the TV remote. "Here. Try to turn the television on."

With her mitted hand, Nina took the remote. It slipped around on the fabric.

_Can't get a grip on it. Can't even really feel it, through the padding._

Out of unconscious reflex, she brought her left hand up to help. Samantha moved quickly.

_Did she? She didn't _seem_ to move quickly. She was just... in exactly the right place, ahead of time. She barely moved a muscle, and now look at my hands..._

Both hands were encased in pretty white mittens.

Pretty white mittens with no thumbs.

_My hands are like cat's paws,_ mused Nina, _only even lacking claws. They're like little flippers._

"These make me feel..." Nina struggled for words. "Harmless." She looked up at Samantha. "I feel like a pretty, harmless little..." Her breath caught. "Oh, _Sam._"

Samantha nodded. She wasn't smiling. "Good. A pretty, harmless little white rabbit. Turn the television on, Nina."

Nina fumbled with the remote. It slipped around in the mitten, refusing to co-operate.

"Wow, this is _hard,_" breathed Nina. "Let me just..."

"_Get a move on,_" snapped Samantha.

A cold rush went through Nina's belly. "I'm sorry, Mistress, I'm trying..." She cupped the remote sideways so that the body rested between the fingertips of her right hand and the meat where her palm met her wrist. "Okay, nearly got it, Mistress, just a moment..."

With her left hand, Nina flapped uselessly at the power button.

"You're hitting several buttons at once," said Samantha - her tone was low, disgusted. "That _obviously_ won't work, you stupid girl."

"I'm _sorry,_ Mistress! Please don't be angry!"

Samantha leaned close, muscles shifting in her shoulders. "I'll be as angry as I damn well want. That remote won't operate if it senses that it's being handled by someone that can't even be trusted with something as trivial as receiving a television broadcast."

"I'm _sorry!_" Nina felt for the power button - futile. She tried to hold still, tried to concentrate - but she felt Samantha's eyes, her intimidating muscle-weight, shifting closer, the sofa compressing and Nina falling closer into Samantha's gravity...

"If the remote detects multiple simultaneous inputs, then it will surmise that it's being chewed on by a _dog,_ Nina, and it'll ignore you, and quite rightly so. I can't _believe_ I have to explain this to you. Now do it properly, or _you will be fucking sorry._"

"I'm _trying,_ Mistress, I'm -" the TV switched on. "I did it!"

Samantha patted Nina on the head. "Good _girl,_ Nina. _Very_ good girl. _Clever_ girl." With one finger, she reached into Nina's hand, and the TV fell dark and silent.

_With one finger, in one second, she just undid what it took me half a minute of concentrated effort to achieve._

_That's a display of terrifying power._

She looked over at Samantha. Samantha was looking back, grinning, eyes bright.

"Was that okay?" asked Samantha.

"Fuck, Sam!" gasped Nina. "That was... _wow._ I felt so... I felt like an animal! Like a _pet!_"

Samantha kissed her on the lips - a tiny, brief peck. "Do you like that?" she whispered, hot breath on Nina's lips.

In response, Nina wrapped her paws around Samantha, hugged her tightly, and kissed her. Samantha's hands went around Nina's shoulders and head, fingers in her hair, and Nina felt Samantha's weight press her backwards into the couch.

Nina felt Samantha's weight pressing in on her - a comforting weight that could become terrifying any time Sam wanted it to be.

Their lips parted, and Samantha's eyes looked into hers. "You, uh... you know I was only pretending to be mad, right?"

Nina giggled. "Of course, Sam."

Samantha grinned, and kissed her again.

"Fuck me?" whispered Samantha, in Nina's ear.

"Yes..." breathed Nina, running her mittened hands down to Samantha's butt and giving it a playful squeeze.

_Still feels firm, even through these mittens..._

Samantha chuckled. "Let's take those off."

Samantha leaned back, her hair brushing Nina's nose - _she's been soldering today_ - and gently pulled the mittens off Nina's hands.

"My hands are cold, now..." whispered Nina.

"Warm them," said Samantha, licking Nina's earlobe.

Nina slid her hands around Samantha's hips to her rear. _My God..._ "Sam, my hands are more sensitive now!"

"Really?" whispered Samantha in her ear - hot, damp breath, and a squirm in Nina's hands. "The mittens were only on you for a minute."

"I can feel the weave of the denim..."

"Give me a squeeze, hon," said Samantha.

Nina complied, feeling the line of Samantha's underwear beneath the jeans, the firm buttocks beneath.

"Ooh... That's nice," mused Samantha.

"Tell me what you did today," said Nina, blushing a little.

Samantha looked down and showed Nina a grin. "Can I pantomime it?"

Nina grinned back. "Go on, then."

Samantha sat up, straddling Nina. "Okay, then." She looked Nina in the eye and grinned, and Nina saw Samantha's blush rise as she spoke.

"I decided I wanted to understand your kink, so I drank two pints of water. With ice in it, because I'm fancy like that. The first pint, I pretty much downed. Then I felt a little sick and too full, so I drank the second one more slowly. I was working on something while I was drinking it, and round about the time I finished the second pint, I felt..." She patted herself, just below the bellybutton. "A little bit full."

"So what'd you do?" asked Nina.

Samantha shrugged, and grinned. "Nothing. I just carried on working, and tried to pay attention to what I was feeling."

Nina propped herself up on her elbows. "Sam, when was the last time you actually, seriously, _needed_ to go?"

Samantha thought for a moment. "When I almost peed on you in the shower that time. Before that, I was stuck in traffic sometime last year, I think. But before _then..._ yeah, it's not a thing that happens too often, as an adult."

"So you just sat there and needed to pee, until you texted me?"

Samantha grinned. "Pretty much. And then, well... you know what happened, while we were on the phone. You heard it."

Nina nodded. "I did. And it got me the afternoon off work, so double bonus."

"After I put the phone down," continued Samantha, "I was wearing just a t-shirt and socks, and I _ran_ to the bathroom. And I, uh... I sat down, you know..."

Nina grinned, watching Samantha's blush deepening, feeling her own following. "And?"

Samantha looked away, and smiled. "I'll show you." She stood up, wriggled out of her jeans - her panties were standard-issue white briefs, and they joined the jeans on the floor a moment later.

Nina watched Samantha straddle her knees on the couch, her dark brown pubic hair visible beneath a black T-shirt that smelled of solder, her labia glistening.

_God, don't show me that and not let me kiss it..._

"I sat down," said Samantha, "and I did this." With a quiet, wet sound, her middle and ring fingers slipped between her labia and curled backwards, up inside her.

"Ooh!" squealed Nina. "I _like_ that!"

"And I sat there, and I squished around inside myself..." a little squelching sound, and a movement of Samantha's knuckles - "ooh... And I relaxed."

"Yeah?"

"And nothing happened," said Samantha, with a grin. "And Nina, I really, _badly_ needed to go. It was a little painful, but..." Her blush reached her ears. "It felt good."

"What'd you do?" asked Nina, watching Samantha's knuckles writhe.

"I wondered whether to pull my fingers out and let myself pee, or whether to give myself an orgasm and see what happened."

Nina grinned. "You chose the orgasm, didn't you?"

"Of course!" said Samantha. "When presented with the option, _always_ choose the orgasm!"

Nina laughed. "So you sat around and made yourself come while really needing to pee. _Again._ It's an addictive feeling, huh?"

Samantha nodded, giggling. "It is."

Nina reached out a hand and stroked up the inside of Samantha's left thigh; at the top, she cupped Samantha's knuckles, felt the hot fluid coating them. Samantha moaned at Nina's touch. "Did it have the desired effect?"

"Ufff... Nina..." Samantha's other hand worked its way down, and clamped Nina's hand between its palm and the soft, wet, hot flesh above it, as Samantha's own fingers slipped out. "Yes..." she breathed, guiding Nina's fingers to where Samantha's used to be.

Nina felt her index and middle fingers delve through soft folds; they found the entrance to Samantha's vagina, they stroked around a twitching ring of muscle, they slid effortlessly into hot, slippery insides. Samantha clenched, squeezing Nina's fingers in a warm embrace.

"What'd it feel like, Sam?" asked Nina, beginning to move her fingers back and forth inside Samantha, feeling her labia first stroke inwards and then slide outwards, clasping to her fingers as if begging her to stay.

"Pointy," murmured Samantha, moving her hips just a little. "Intense, and hot, and... I think it felt like how a man must feel when he comes, when the dam breaks and it all comes streaming out..."

"Mmm," said Nina, gently curling her fingertips forward in little come-here gestures, to Samantha's shuddering delight. She looked up, into Samantha's eyes. "What did it feel like on your hand?"

"Wet," said Samantha. "Ah... drippy. Slick. It trickled down my thighs a bit."

"Did it go down your butt?" asked Nina, shuffling down on the couch, slipping her fingers backwards and out, making a come-here motion to Samantha.

Samantha obliged, shuffling forward, positioning her crotch over Nina's face.

_My god... I'll never get tired of this..._ Samantha's pussy hovered an inch above her nose, fragrant, slick, her labia and clitoris engorged with excitement.

"Yes," murmured Samantha. "It dripped down my butt. More than I really expected."

"Hmm," said Nina, and opened her mouth. She had planned to clamp her lips against Samantha's pudenda and slither her tongue inside, but a moment before she did, a droplet of fluid descended from Samantha's pussy and landed on Nina's tongue.

"Oh my God," whispered Nina, the strand sticking to her lips. "You're _dripping._"

"And you took your fingers away," said Samantha, and lowered herself onto Nina's lips.

Nina breathed in Samantha's scent - heavy and deep and spiced, her pubic hair tickling Nina's nose - and slid her tongue upwards. With Samantha's warm, slick pussy sitting where it was, Nina's tongue left her mouth and entered Samantha without ever feeling the outside world between them.

"Ah," breathed Samantha, her fingers running through Nina's hair.

"Mmm," breathed Nina into Samantha's heat and flavor - knowing that she'd send delicious vibrations into Samantha.

"And then I took a shower," whispered Samantha, as her hips began to rock back and forth.

Nina's hands ran up the outside of Samantha's muscular thighs, and placed themselves on her bottom, feeling softness twitch firm with each forward stroke. Nina pushed her tongue forwards, slipped it through Samantha's threshold and deep inside, where the flavor was stronger and the heat more intense.

"And then I drank another two pints of water," said Samantha.

Nina looked upwards, saw Samantha's eyes grinning down at her, her glasses sliding forward.

Nina pulled back a little. "What?"

Samantha shrugged. "I wanted to do some more research." She smiled down at Nina, her eyes narrowing. "I wasn't expecting you."

Nina stared upwards, through a tuft of dark brown pubic hair. "How long ago was this?"

"Long enough," breathed Samantha.

Nina felt her heart rate increase - she suddenly felt cold, shivery, excited.

"Do you..." she swallowed.

"Getting there," chuckled Samantha.

Nina, barely noticing she was doing it, kissed Samantha's clitoris - _well, it's there_ - and grinned. "What d'you want to do about it?"

Samantha paused before responding. Nina watched the blush rise. "I don't know if I _can_ do something about it."

"How d'you mean?" Samantha's labia slithered against Nina's lips as she talked. "If you're shy, that's okay."

"I am," blushed Samantha. "That's why I was doing research. I want to _understand_ this, love, because it's a part of you."

Nina felt butterflies. "Aw, Sam." She grinned into Samantha's pubic hair. "That's so sweet."

"I love you, Nina," murmured Samantha.

"I love you too, Sam," said Nina, into Samantha's crotch. "But if we're gonna keep talking, sit back."

"Oh, sorry," said Samantha, shuffling backwards. "Wait, _are_ we talking, or are we licking?"

Nina laughed. "You tell me!"

Samantha grinned down at Nina, blushing. "I gotta pee," she whimpered.

Nina playfully squeezed Samantha's right buttock. "Well, shall I entertain myself while you run upstairs, or shall we make an occasion of it?"

Samantha bit her lip. "I don't know. Make an occasion how?"

Nina shrugged. "Whatever you're comfortable with, Sam."

"Let's talk," said Samantha, shuffling off Nina and sitting down on the couch. "Oh." She frowned. "Well, it's a wet spot now, it's not gonna get any better if I stand up again."

Nina giggled. "This is a picture of pantsless domestic bliss, right here. Well, what d'you want to talk about?"

"Give me some options," said Samantha. "For... you know."

Nina placed her hand on Samantha's right thigh. "We don't have to do _anything,_ Sam, if you're uncomfortable with it."

Samantha nodded. "I know. I'm working my way _around_ to being comfortable with it, and... well," she shrugged, "I just wanna hear what sort of things you might have in mind."

Nina smiled. "Okay. Well, let's see..."

"With some urgency," said Samantha.

"I could lick you while you need to go," said Nina. "You said you liked the sensation, right?"

Samantha lifted the corner of her mouth, mulling it over. "That's a possibility - but what about when... well, when I can't hold it anymore?"

"Hmm. That _is_ the end we have in mind, isn't it?"

"I can't hold it _forever,_ love."

Nina's blush reached her ears. "Do you _want_ to..." she hesitated. "Um..."

Samantha grinned, and spoke in a low, breathy voice - "In your mouth?"

Nina could only blush, grin, and nod.

"Not today," said Samantha, "if that's okay. I don't know if I'm ready for that, yet. Honestly I'm pretty shy about even going while you watch."

_Oh, there we are._ "Shy in the I-don't-want-to-do-this sort of way, or in the this-is-embarrassing-and-that-could-be-sexy sort of way?"

Samantha hesitated.

Nina's heart threatened to pound out of her chest, a fine sheen of perspiration appearing between her shoulderblades.

"I think," said Samantha, at last, "that could be fun." She stood up. "Come on," she said, extending a hand to Nina.

Nina took the hand, getting to her feet. "Right now?"

"Right now," said Samantha, heading towards the stairs, gently pulling Nina along with her.

Nina watched Samantha's buttocks shift as she headed upstairs. "Shower afterwards, or during?" asked Samantha, over her shoulder.

"Whatever you want, Sam," breathed Nina, noting how much her voice shook, how cold and trembly and excited she felt, the heartbeat pounding in her neck. _She's going to let me watch her pee._

"It's about what _you_ want, love," said Samantha, reaching the top step. "How'd you imagine this going?"

_And she expects my input._ Nina followed Samantha through the corridor and into the bedroom. "I, um..."

Samantha stopped, her hand on the knob to the ensuite. "No, wait. That wasn't what I meant to ask." She turned to Nina. "How did you _dream_ this would go?" She pecked Nina on the nose, and grinned. "I wanna make your dreams come true." She lifted her T-shirt, pulled it off, tossed it into the corner, stood beautifully naked in front of Nina. She stepped forward, looped her arms around Nina, kissed her briefly, pulled back, looked into her eyes. "How about if we recreate my experiment, except using _your_ hand this time?" She grinned. "Would that be okay?"

"Uh..." Nina was shocked to see little gray spots appearing in her vision. "That'd, uh..."

Samantha frowned. "Are you okay, hon?"

Nina nodded, her mouth suddenly full of saliva. She swallowed. "Yeah," she said, and her voice was far softer than she'd intended. "Just... excited," she said, and she couldn't get quite enough air to form the words.

"You're going very pale," said Samantha.

The gray spots were getting bigger, and bringing their friends to the party. "I'm..." Nina swallowed, laughed nervously, a high-pitched ringing fading in as her vision faded out. "I can't see, love."

Samantha's voice came through six inches of cotton. "Let me carry you. Do you understand?"

Nina nodded, felt Samantha's hand behind her knees and shoulders, and her feet left the floor. She felt a breast bump gently against her cheek, and then she was being gently placed down on something soft - Samantha's bed. "Thank you," she mumbled.

"Just lie there a minute," said Samantha. "Don't try to get up. I'm going to go and get you some water."

_You're so strong..._

"Thank you," whispered Nina, as she heard Samantha's soft footsteps walk hurriedly out of the room.

She swallowed, again.

_Don't be sick, Nina. That'd ruin the mood._

She blinked, her eyes open, seeing nothing but dancing gray spots, moving like smooth, thin fluid across her vision. She was aware that her eyes were open so wide she was straining herself - still, she was blind.

_Don't worry,_ she reassured herself, hearing returning footsteps. _It'll go away in a minute. Just... just relax, and try not to pass out._

"Here," said Samantha, by her head. "Can you see, yet?"

"Not yet," said Nina. "I'm sorry, love."

"Oh, hush," said Samantha. "Here, let's get your feet up." A pillow appeared beneath Nina's ankles. "Nice deep breaths, now." Nina's hand was taken, placed between soft, warm breasts. "With me. In, through your nose. Count to four. Out, through your nose. Count to four." Nina felt the calm, controlled, deep breathing - the racing heartbeat beneath, betraying Samantha's concern.

She breathed with Samantha, wondering what her face looked like - whether the blush of her arousal and embarrassment would be visible through her pallor.

_And that's a pretty dumb thing to be thinking while you're passing out, Nina._

_Wait, am I passing out?_

"Don't panic," came Samantha's voice, quiet, muffled through ringing ears, somewhere to her left in the sea of gray. "It's okay."

"I'm okay," said Nina, blinking. "I can hear my heart, though."

"We'll give it another minute," said Samantha, "you'll be okay."

"I hope so," said Nina. "If not, then the paramedics will have an interesting story to tell."

Samantha chuckled - Nina felt it, the heartbeat and the laughter and the breasts shaking on her hand.

"Sam?"

"Yes, love?"

Nina took a deep breath. "I just realized that I _can_ call an ambulance, now."

She felt her hand squeezed against Samantha's chest.

"If it comes down to it, I mean," continued Nina. "I mean, I..."

"I know," said Samantha, a hint of sadness in her voice. "You went too long worrying about that sort of thing."

"I... I think something's coming through," said Nina. There was a bright patch developing at the center of the gray. "I can see. Sort of."

Whiteness resolved itself into a pair of eyes, brown hair. "Oh," said Nina. "There you are." She grinned. "Hi."

"Hi." Samantha grinned back.

Nina's view of the world was a blooming, high-contrast blur, oxygen returning unevenly to her optics. "You're really _bright,_" breathed Nina.

Samantha squeezed Nina's hand. "That's very kind of you to say."

"No, I mean you look overexposed."

Samantha looked down. "Well, I _am._"

"You _know_ what I mean," giggled Nina.

"Yes," said Samantha. "Yes, I do. All coming back, is it?"

Nina grinned. "System rebooting."

"Good," said Samantha, wriggled onto the bed next to Nina, and curled up next to her.

Nina weakly flopped her arm around Samantha.

_There's something very appealing and comforting about cuddling a naked woman, in a non-sexual way, while one is clothed._ She ran her hands down Samantha's back, over her bottom, back up to her shoulders. _It's a very relaxing thing. Like, "Ah, yes, I'm naked, I hadn't even noticed. I'm just that chilled-out."_

"You okay if I snuggle up?" asked Samantha. "Or will that give you more heart palpitations?"

"Do snuggle up," breathed Nina. "I'm getting better."

"You feel stronger, now?"

Nina nodded. "Yes." _And tingly. Like blood's returning to my nerves. Is that what's happening? If so, where'd it all go in the first place?_

"No rush, hon."

Nina sighed into Samantha's chest, closing her eyes, feeling her body and senses and strength return to her.

Then, she opened her eyes again, a realization washing over her.

"Uh, Sam?"

Samantha stroked the back of her head. "Yes?"

"Just _how_ bad to you have to go, right now?"

"Say again? Sorry, I didn't catch that."

Nina pulled her face from between Samantha's breasts and repeated the question.

Samantha looked down at Nina. "_Extremely._"

Nina nodded, held the information for future review, put her head back between Samantha's breasts. "Okay," she sighed happily, snuggling. "Just checking."

"That's _mean,_ love," said Samantha.

Nina grinned into Samantha's cleavage. "Oh, I _know._"

"You _knew_ I wouldn't say anything, while you were graying out."

Nina moved her head a little, found Samantha's soft nipple, sucked it into her mouth, feeling it transform. She ran her tongue around Samantha's areola, her hands descending to firm, smooth buttocks, squeezing tightly as she opened wider and sucked as much of Samantha's breast into her mouth as she could - which turned out to be, in Nina's estimation, just under half.

_But it's a curve,_ thought Nina. _The broadest part is ahead of where I've got my lips, here - so this is like how the neck of a bottle of beer goes down so much faster than the rest. So it's probably more like thirty per cent._ She squeezed tighter, feeling Samantha quiver in her hands, sucking hard. _I'll have to do some math._

_Shit, why'm I doing math?_

_Samantha's rubbing off on me._

Nina grinned though a mouthful of breast.

_Heheh. Rubbing off._

"Oh, you _evil_ woman," moaned Samantha, curling her fingers around the back of Nina's head. Her voice dropped to a whisper. "You _know_ how badly I have to go..."

_And _you_ know how much that turns me on..._ thought Nina, because saying it would require opening her mouth. Instead of talking, she settled for running her fingers down over Samantha's tailbone, stroking gently between her buttocks, touching briefly the private and sensitive spot there, and encountering slick softness further down and forward. She felt Samantha shiver in her arms.

"Oh..." moaned Samantha, as Nina touched, probed, and finally, slid slowly and gently inside. "Oh, you _bitch,_" giggled Samantha, Nina's fingers inside her. "That's not fair."

Nina responded with a gentle application of teeth to breast.

"Ah!" squealed Samantha. "You'll leave marks!"

Nina cast her eyes upwards, to see Samantha looking down at her, mouth half-open in a maybe-smile, eyes uncertain. She backed off the pressure, saw a tiny flicker of regret pass through Samantha's eyes.

_Hmm. Does Sam _want_ a little bit of pain?_

Nina cocked an eyebrow.

Samantha grinned, her eyes narrowing. "Leave marks."

Keeping her eyes on Samantha's, Nina sank her teeth into the soft, yielding flesh of Samantha's breast.

"Ouch," breathed Samantha, quiet and low. "That _hurts,_ love."

Nina stopped - she didn't relieve the pressure, but she stopped increasing it. She looked quizzically into Samantha's eyes, and slid her tongue over the pert, round firmness of Samantha's nipple.

Samantha's expression held equal parts arousal and uncertainty. "Do you _like_ hurting me?" she asked, in a sultry whisper that sent shivers running up Nina's spine.

"Mmm-hmm," breathed Nina, into Samantha's breast. In response, she felt a tight, wet, embracing clench around her fingers.

"Ooh..." murmured Samantha. "You like _being_ hurt more, though, don't you?"

Nina nodded, supple flesh moving with her. She slithered her fingers back, slowly, then deep inside again.

"Ah..." said Samantha, looking down at Nina. "Hurt me, a little bit." Nina felt Samantha's heartbeat in her mouth. "Hurt me gently and considerately."

Nina let go of Samantha's breast, and kissed her gently on the nipple. "Roll onto your back," she said, pushing her fingers in deep, giving herself control over how Samantha moved her hips.

Nina felt muscles shift inside Samantha as she rearranged herself. Nina shuffled, and Samantha rolled, and Nina knelt looking over her as she lay on her back, a droplet of saliva running down her breast.

A ring of fine red toothmarks circled her areola.

_Well. This is new._

Nina grinned down at Samantha, withdrawing her fingers from Samantha's warmth. "You know what to say, if you need to stop?"

Samantha nodded. "Yes. Redden or two squeezes."

"Good," said Nina, quiet, excited, uncertain. She swallowed. "I'm going to hurt you now, Sam." She reached out towards Samantha's nipple. "I'm going to do it on purpose." She took the firm, tan little point between thumb and forefinger. "I'll be careful." She squeezed, just a little - Samantha shivered. She tugged, and watched Samantha's face - the eyes crinkled up.

"Ow," whimpered Samantha.

"I'll hurt you more," whispered Nina. "Feel this." She twisted and pulled.

"Ah!" cried Samantha. "Oh, ow, ow, _ow!_"

"You okay, Sam?"

"Don't stop," said Samantha.

"All right," said Nina, brushing fingertips over the wet line of Samantha's labia, and gave a hard, painful tug on Samantha's nipple.

"What's that feel like?" asked Nina. "Does it hurt?"

"Yes," hissed Samantha, through gritted teeth, her eyes closed.

"Does it feel good, too?"

Samantha nodded.

"You like this?"

Samantha opened her eyes, looking at the ceiling, biting her lip. "Kinda?"

Nina grinned, running her fingers through Samantha's pubic hair as she twisted her nipple. "We can stop, if you want."

Samantha looked at the ceiling fan and giggled a little, her glasses bumping around on her nose. "I honestly don't _know!_"

Nina chuckled along with Samantha. "You don't have to understand it, you know."

"I know," said Samantha, uncertainly.

"Maybe it's hard to tell what feels good or bad," said Nina, her right hand settling between Samantha's navel and her pubic hair, "when you're distracted by this." She pressed, gently.

"Ah!" squeaked Samantha. "I'm too full for that!"

Nina grinned, releasing Samantha's nipple. "I know."

Samantha looked sheepishly up at Nina. "I can't hold it much longer, hon."

Nina shivered. "I know."

_Oh,_ thought Nina, with a start. _She saw that shiver. I can tell by how her eyes are narrowing._

"Have you enjoyed hurting me, little rabbit?"

Nina swallowed.

"Yes," she whispered, hearing the familiar tremble in her voice. "Yes, mistress."

"What would you like to do now?"

Nina swallowed. She felt the blood pounding in her ears.

_I'd like to avoid passing out again._

"I want you to say it," purred Samantha. "I don't know whether it turns you on more to hear me say that I'm going to piss on you, or urinate on you, or go to the bathroom over you - there are too many permutations, Nina. I want to know the language that turns you on the most." She grinned. "You dirty, _dirty_ girl."

Nina found her mouth dry.

"No matter how you say it, Nina," continued Samantha, propping herself onto one shoulder, "I _will_ do what you want me to do. But I want to hear it from you."

_Oh, God. The power of words. I can't concentrate on terminology when I'm like this!_

Nina opened her mouth, took a breath, looked Samantha in the eye, and said "I'd like you to urinate on my hand, Mistress."

Samantha stretched out languorously, her hands above her head. "I think the roles help your embarrassment more than I _want_ them helping, right now." She completed her stretch, looked at Nina. "Ask me as Nina, hon."

Nina smiled, faintly. "I'd love it if you peed on me, Sam."

Samantha smiled. "All right. I'd love to pee on you." She sat up. She grinned. "Right now."

"_Right_ now?"

"Right _now._" Nina watched Samantha's buttocks shift as she stood up.

Samantha looked back over her shoulder, and grinned down at Nina. "You coming?"

Nina swallowed. "Yeah, sorry - I was just remembering that first time."

"When I stood like this for ages and then we cracked up at each other?"

Nina giggled. "Yeah."

"Let's go do another first-time thing, hon." Samantha opened the door to the ensuite.
