Taboos with Tara: Chance

Author: flackus

*000*2025-09-21 17:52

There’s an old saying I once heard:

Chance favors the prepared mind.

Things happen in life, and, as this discipline suggests, being prepared to adapt and overcome the unexpected, means you must be mentally prepared for challenges.

In this next installment, Tara’s mind, and my mind, were prepared for our adventure after we concluded “The Abby Story” at University Lake. Unfortunately, despite our minds being prepared, we discovered our bodies were not prepared. A bit of a misjudgment on our respective parts led to a mess.

We had completed our impromptu clothes shopping trip. You can imagine what the extra clothes were for. If not, I would recommend going back and reading my previous posts: “Taboos with Tara,” and “Taboos with Tara: The Abby Story.” As we were checking out at the clothing store, Tara began to show growing signs of discomfort. Her need to pee and poop became more urgent. She was all but dancing in place, fidgeting, and suddenly very interested in the designs of the gift cards displayed at the register. She also had begun to hum tunes to familiar songs in an effort to distract herself from her growing distress. The more I watched her squirm, the more my own bathroom needs became known. Tara had mentioned the sandwich she’d had for lunch was working on her bowels when we left the lake. We now shared the gastrointestinal distress wrought by our lunch. Maybe it was the dressing on the sandwiches? The meat, veggies, cheese?

Maybe the fucker who prepared our sandwiches in the kitchen decided they didn’t find it necessary to wash their hands after having just used the restroom?

So many variables.

Despite assuring one another that we were “good” several times, we made a hasty exit from the store with our purchases. I had already reserved the hotel online, so we just needed to get there, check in, and retreat to the privacy of our room to engage in our fun. We arrived at the hotel without incident, but, the second Tara and I stepped away from the car, Tara lost a five-second battle with her bladder. She groaned as she wrenched back control, but she had a noticeable wet spot on the crotch of her cargo pants.

She quickly surveyed the damage and gave me a grimace that suggested she might not be able to maintain control for much longer. Seeing the wet spot on her pants turned me on instantly, but it made me lose focus on my own needs for a moment. After our pause in the parking lot, we resumed walking. I felt a hot spurt of pee hit my underwear. I, like Tara seconds ago, had just lost a few seconds of control. I could feel the crotch of my underwear dampening, but none had soaked through the fabric of my jeans . . . yet.

Thankfully, there was no one at the front desk when we walked in. We walked quickly to the counter, hiding the little accidents we’d just had in the parking lot. A pleasant young woman stepped behind the counter seconds after we arrived. She smiled genuinely and quickly got to work finding my reservation and getting our keycards ready. We were so grateful for her efficiency, because Tara and I were on the brink of losing it completely. We maintained our composure as she finished up explaining the amenities at the hotel, which neither of us were processing at the moment.

I had leaked more pee and now had a salad-plate sized piss stain on my jeans. I felt it trickle down my leg a little. I took a deep breath and regained control. As if our bladders were synced up, Tara lost another battle with her bladder. I watched as the crotch of her cargo pants darkened more. I gave her points for acting as calm as possible as she clutched the counter with one hand and pressed her other hand between her legs to try to stem the flow. I’m not sure how she regained control at that point, but the inner thighs of her pants were getting soaked as well. She had peed enough to where the fabric on the backs of pants began to glisten as well. As the young woman stepped away for a moment to grab my receipt, I felt my sphincter relax. A small wet piece of poop had snaked into the back of my underwear. Tara glanced at me and read the look on my face.

Did you just poop your pants a little?

I nodded, as the young woman returned with my receipt. We thanked her and walked quickly to the elevator, hoping that, as we walked away from the front desk, the woman hadn’t noticed our wet pants. It wasn’t of major concern at the moment. We were now focused on getting to our room before letting everything go in our pants. Our room was on the fifth floor, and the elevator seemed to creep up the shaft at an agonizingly slow pace. As we passed the third floor, I peed my pants a little more. I maintained control over my bowels, but the little piece of poop that had settled into my underwear felt slimy.

I heard Tara groan as we passed the fourth floor. I heard her stomach protesting loudly next to me. How she was able to maintain control over her own bowels was nothing short of miraculous. She turned to face me to speak, but her words never came. Instead, her bladder just fully gave away. Her whole demeanor changed. Her shoulders sagged a little, and her mouth that had opened to speak a second ago dropped open. She stood about six inches from me and peed in her pants with a vengeance.

“Oh, shit . . . Jesus,” she muttered.

The elevator had finally reached the fifth floor, and the door opened. Thankfully, no other guests were waiting on the other side of the door. If there were, they would have been treated to quite a sight. Two adults standing in the elevator: me with an ever-darkening wet spot on the front of my jeans; Tara fully pissing her pants with a puddle at her feet. I heard her pee dribbling onto the floor. Neither of us had the means to clean up the mess on the floor. In a moment of self-preservation, we looked at each other wide-eyed, and made a speedy exit and walked awkwardly down the hall to our room. Tara was leaving wet shoe prints on the carpet as we walked.

In my experience with hotel key cards, they rarely unlocked the door to the room the first time. Fortune smiled on us this time, because the red light on the locking mechanism turned green and the lock disengaged without further incident. We both audibly signed, and I pushed open the door; however, at that instant, my bowels also gave a mighty push. Before I could get the door all the way open, I completely lost control and helplessly began pooping my pants. Wave after wave of soft, warm poop just curled and plopped into my underwear. Despite Tara’s own predicament of standing at the threshold of the room in completely pee-soaked pants, she looked over at me and touched my arm.

“Oh, Patrick,” she said softly. “I can hear it. You’re pooping your pants.”

I simply nodded as I opened the door for her to enter the room. We were now in the privacy of our hotel room. Even as the door latched closed behind us, I continued to loudly shit my pants. I figured there was no reason to hold the remaining contents of my bladder, so I just relaxed and stood there forcefully wetting my jeans. I wasn’t ashamed or upset that I was letting everything go in my pants in front of Tara. A wave of relief washed over me. Tara pressed her body against mine, my pee soaking her already wet pants. She leaned in and kissed me hard, her hand snaking between us and grabbing the crotch of my jeans. She leaned in and moaned softly in my ear.

“That’s right, baby. Pee those pants.”

As I finished voiding my bladder, my cock became fully erect. Tara pivoted around behind me, her hands running over the ass of my bulging and sticky jeans.

“Wow,” she growled from behind me. “You really did have to go didn’t you?”

“Uh huh,” was all I could manage as a response. I loved the way her hands caressed the fabric of the back of my pants, feeling the huge load beneath. I gave one more gentle push, and finished filling my pants with her hands still in place.

“Jesus,” she said. “That’s so fuckin’ hot, babe. You really loaded your pants.”

I once again heard her bowels protest loudly and turned around toward her. We were standing right next to the closet, the doors of which were two sliding mirrors. I positioned her to where I could get a full view of her ass in those soaking wet pants in the reflection of the mirrors. I pressed my soaked crotch against hers, placed my hands on her hips, pressed my lips to hers and whispered hungrily.

“Your turn.”

I felt her lips form a mischievous smile against mine, and she gently bit my lower lip. I felt her stomach lurch against me.

“Already going,” she whispered.

I quickly reached over and turned on the light in the hallway. This was going to be good.

I heard a wet fart escape her backside, followed by cacophonous and syncopated splatting sounds. The back of her pants turned instantly darker as a blast of diarrhea exploded from her. She groaned and pressed even closer to me.

“Fuck, dude,” she grumbled pleasurably. “I’m shitting my pants.”

Her bowels continued to protest audibly. I moved my hands from her hips to her ass as more mess bubbled and erupted into her pants. The diarrhea resolved itself into a softer poop, and my cock began to twitch beneath my wet jeans. I felt warm shit curl into her panties and spread across her pants. The back of her pants began to sag.

“It’s fantastic,” I whispered, still watching the back of her pants in the mirror behind her. She was still pooping, and, with my hands still resting against her ass, I felt the mess crackle and squelch into her panties and pants. Tara gave one final push, and the back of her already sloppy pants ballooned one last time.

I felt her bladder void more into her pants, warming my cock. She didn’t have to announce that she was peeing her pants again. She knew I felt it.

We stood there for what seemed an eternity panting from the intensity of our experience. Our bodies just melted into one another. When we finally pulled apart and surveyed each other’s pants, we both grinned. Tara’s eyes narrowed slightly.

“I want you to push me into the bathroom, get that shower going,” she growled. “I think I just came in my pants while I was letting everything else go in my pants.”

Without hesitation, we moved into the bathroom. I got the shower started. We wanted to strip our messy clothes off fast, but we opted for gingerly. We didn’t want to just start slinging our wet and messy clothes around the bathroom, creating more of a mess to clean up later.

As the warm water ran down our naked bodies, rinsing our respective messes down the shower drain, we attacked each other - clawing, biting, groping each other. We took turns lathering each other, exploring as we made sure we got clean. As we rinsed off, she pressed me roughly against the wall of the shower, her hand teasing my cock.

“We’re not even going to dry off,” she ordered. “You’re going to lay me down on some towels on the bathroom floor. I want your tongue inside me, so I can squirt all over your face.” I felt her squeeze my cock harder. “Believe me, it won’t take long.”

I nodded anxiously, cupping her firm ass in my hands.

“We’ll just see how crazy it gets after that,” she purred.

Despite her authoritative tone, I couldn’t help but chuckle. Tara looked at me in mock astonishment, as if I dared to question her. She leaned against me forcefully.

“What are you laughing about?”

I chuckled again.

“As if peeing our pants before we even got to the hotel room, leaving a trail in the hallway, me pooping my pants before we even got the door open, and you loading your pants next to the closet isn’t crazy enough.”

Tara couldn’t maintain her stern expression for long. She laughed right along with me as we turned the water off and stepped out of the shower.

“Excellent point,” she said as she pulled towels off the rack and threw them on the bathroom floor.

I lowered her still wet and slippery naked body to the towels on the floor and did exactly what she wanted me to do.

Oh . . . and just in case you were wondering . . . it did get crazier after that.

