The Beach Party

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2017-11-23 21:03

The Beach Party, Part #2

The next few hours passed uneventfully, at least to the guy's perspective, since unlike Zora their inhibitions and anatomy didn't stop them from all using the sand dunes whenever they wanted to. Zora and the guys played a few games of beach volleyball with themselves and others. They also enjoyed digging in the sand and playing in the ocean. The ocean water was colder then Zora had expected, which briefly made her urge to piss worse. But Zora prided herself on her iron bladder, so despite all the beer she had downed earlier it was nothing she couldn't handle, for now. Zora was briefly tempted to pee in the ocean, but she knew she couldn't do it, the thought disgusted her too much.

Yet while Zora could still easily control her bladder, more beer continued to pump itself into her bladder the next two hours. Zora tried to ignore her slowly growing need as best she could and just have fun with her friends, but her bladder 's needs kept nagging at her at the back of her mind.

Since Zora knew she'd be entering another beer drinking contest at 2 PM she barely ate anything when food was offered at noon. Zora knew she couldn't stuff herself on food or beer if she expected to win another Edwards Fortyhands drinking contest. To quench her thirst in between the contests Zora allowed herself only a single 12 ounce bottle of beer. Zora knew in the back of her mind she'd be regretting having the beer bottle later after she downed another 80 ounces of beer and had to pee a lot worse. But Zora was too thirsty to care at the moment.

By 1 PM Zora couldn't help but occasionally fidget her legs around from her growing need. She tried to be subtle about it, and not do it if she thought anyone was looking in her direction. And yet despite her caution her boyfriend Matt saw her fidgeting her legs multiple times. At first Zora tried to play it off as adjusting her legs to a more comfortable position, and Matt didn't comment on it.

But then Zora made the mistake of glancing in the direction of the sand dunes. She saw a college guy she didn't know standing at the sand dunes. Unlike most of the people who visited the sand dunes this guy didn't have his back facing the others, he had his side facing them. That met that despite the distance Zora easily saw his cock whipped out of his swim trunks, pissing a large stream onto the sand. Zora felt a jolt of added urgency hit her jealous bladder at the sight of the guy doing the thing her bladder wanted to do but could not do.

Without thinking Zora moved a hand to grip her crotch, while also crossing her legs. She blushed when she realized Matt was watching her. Zora moved her hand away from her crotch and looked into her boyfriend's eyes, and she saw Matt knew without a doubt now about her need. "Come on Zora, let's go for a walk" he said as he got up out of the beach chair.

Wordlessly Zora got up and followed her boyfriend. The beach and much of the surrounding area was so flat that you could see in any direction for miles, so they couldn't truly be alone, but they could get well out of ear shot of the others.

When they were far enough away from the others for them to hear nothing, Zora confessed to Matt what he already knew. "All that beer from the contest has started to hit my bladder Matt. I haven't peed since shortly before we left at 6 AM, which was 7 hours ago".

"I thought so, I noticed you still hadn't gone to relieve yourself yet" said Matt as he rubbed Zora's shoulders to try to calm her down. "Until now I thought that was just you being my iron bladder girlfriend who only pees two times a day, even with all that beer".

"That's two times a day on a normal day without drinking any beer Matt. Even an iron bladder girlfriend fills up faster when she downs a lot of beer". Zora sighed and closed her eyes for a moment as she enjoyed Matt massaging her shoulders. "What am I going to do Matt?"

"Well, even though you've been avoiding it because you don't like it, you can always use the sand dunes like everyone else".

"I can't Matt, us ladies don't have it as easy as you guys do in situations like this" moaned Zora.

"Sure you can" said Matt in a reassuring tone as he continued to massage Zora's shoulders. "Just do what the other girls have been doing. Squat down and pull your bikini bottom off or aside".

"Matt I'm not peeing in front of 100 other college students, especially not on some sand dunes, and no other self respecting lady would either. The fact that you even know how the other women have been peeing on the sand dunes shows how there's no privacy over there". Zora sighed again as she felt her unrelieved bladder continuing to nag at her. "I expected us to have a public restroom so that I could pee in the privacy of a ladies room stall. You guys are so luckily being able to just whip your cocks out anywhere to pee".

"Well we're not going to be back at the college until tomorrow evening, so what do you intend on doing about your bladder's predicament" asked Matt.

Zora turned around to face Matt, and looked him in the eyes. "Unless you have a better idea I'll hold it till it's nightfall and relatively pitch dark, that should be shortly after 8 PM. Then I'll take a short walk and pee somewhere in the privacy of the cover of darkness. But that's still so many hours away Matt".

"What about the next Edwards Fortyhands drinking contest in an hour" asked Matt, this time with a bit of anxiousness in his voice. "You know how much of a financial boon the last one was to us all, we can't make that money without you...". Zora saw the concern and disappointment in her boyfriend's eyes. Zora knew the guys wanted to milk these contests for as much money as possible, and the greedy part of her agreed with their sentiment despite her plight.

"Don't worry Matt. I'll enter it, and I'll win again. I can't say my bladder will be too thrilled about it afterwards however". Zora thought Matt's eyes lit up a bit too eagerly at her response.

"That's my girl, I knew you'd be tough enough to take one for the team, especially when there's beer involved". Matt reached his massive arms out to pull Zora close to him in a hug. "Don't worry about the drinking Zora, you're Miss Iron Bladder, you'll be fine".

Zora pulled herself closer to Matt to hug him back, and felt herself rub right against his erect cock through his swim trunks. It was Matt's turn to blush now, as it all clicked in Zora's mind why he was turned on. Zora smiled at him and kissed. "At least one of us can take joy out of my situation" she whispered to him. Soon they turned to head back to the main part of the beach where the others were.

The clock soon reached 1:50 PM. When William announced the next Edwards Fortyhands drinking contest would start in 10 minutes it triggered a rush to the sand dunes to pee before the contest started. Zora wasn't among those who rushed to the sand dunes, she waited, still unrelieved, for the contest to begin. This didn't escape the attention of a few people who had noticed that Zora still hadn't visited the sand dunes to pee since the last contest, including William.

"You know you're free to pee before the next contest starts Zora" William reminded her. "It's peeing yourself during the contest that gets you disqualified". William spoke loudly enough for at least a dozen other people nearby to overhear.

Zora blushed a bit at being found out so quickly by William. It was his fault that she wasn't able to pee out here, since he had picked a place with no public restrooms nearby for her to use. But Zora knew complaining now would do her no good. At the same time though, Zora was quick on her feet. She realized confessing the truth could help convince some people to bet against her winning the contest. Who would bet on a girl they thought might piss herself and get disqualified before she finished downing her beers? And the less that bet on her the greater the return on investment her friend's bets would get.

"Eh I'll be fine William, this lady doesn't like the idea of peeing in sand dunes" she replied.

"Have you even peed since the last contest" asked William. Zora noticed his eyes were focused right on the start of her bladder bulge, which was clearly visible to everyone who looked closely enough since she was only wearing a skimpy bikini.

"Nope, I'm still holding it since the last contest" she confessed loudly enough for the eavesdroppers to overhear. "I haven't peed since shortly before boarding the bus about 8 hours ago".

"Well I'm sure you must really need a leak by now then" said William. "That makes it even more foolish for you to not take the chance to go before the contest".

"No, given the lack of any proper facilities out here, I'd much rather hold it then pee out here, even after the contest is over. You'd understand my hesitation if you were a girl William".

William gave up the conversation at that point, but Zora happily noted some whispered conversations among the dozen strangers who had overheard their conversation. While she couldn't overhear what they were all saying, she hoped that they were less hesitant to bet on someone else now. She saw Matt, who had overheard her conversation with William, smile at her from the distance and give her a thumbs up.

The next 10 minutes flew by, and William quickly recruited 9 other competitors for Zora in the second contest. Besides Zora there were 3 other women, one of which was Kelly, the girl who came in second place against Zora last time. A lot of the guys in the contest were athletes on the college sports teams, though none looked quite as intimidating on paper as Russell had.

Despite how tough many of the guys looked, Zora considered Kelly to be her most dangerous competitor in the contest. Though the two women had never met each other prior to William's beach party, it already felt to Zora like they had quickly become each other's fiercest rival. Just one look at Kelly told Zora that she was much better prepared this time, she also looked a lot more confident and determined this time around. Like Zora, Kelly also didn't visit the sand dunes before entering the contest. But Zora didn't think much of it, figuring Kelly had probably gone earlier when she wasn't looking, after all she had rushed off to the sand dunes after the first contest.

Soon William duct taped the 80 ounces of beer to Zora's hands, and the hands of her 9 competitors. The second Zora heard William tell everyone to start drinking she went into the zone again and just focused on downing her beer, rather than on the other competitors or the crowd watching her. Zora was aware of her bladder continuing to complain more fiercely then before as she drained her two 40 ounce beer bottles. Being unable to grip her crotch due to the beer bottles duct taped to it Zora found herself crossing her legs more the more she drained her beer bottles.

Zora only let herself come out of the zone and pay attention to what was going on around her after she had drained the last of her second 40 ounce beer bottle. She knew immediately from the joyous reactions of Matt, Steve, and Phil that she had won. Unlike last time though, Zora also saw some looks of relief on the boy's faces, which told her it had been a closer match up. Zora glanced at her other competitors, and saw that Kelly was likely just 30 seconds behind her, too close for comfort for Zora even though she had still narrowly won. William soon confirmed her victory, and Kelly's second place finish as he removed the empty beer bottles from both women's hands.

"Congratulations Zora, it became a very close matchup between you and Kelly at the end there. It took you 23 minutes this time around but you still won first place by about 30 seconds over your next competitor, Kelly. You started to give a few of your bettors a heart attack when you started to squirm your legs around in desperation, as if you might be in danger of losing it".

Zora blushed upon realizing that of course the others had seen her squirm, she had been too busy downing her beer to care at the time. But now with her body rapidly pumping the beer she had just drank into her bladder right now Zora found herself tempted to cross her legs again, or grip her crotch in front of everyone. But she resisted the urge, now that the contest was over she didn't want to look that weak.

"I told you I'd be fine William. I'm not a girl to rush off to the ladies room a half dozen times during the night when I go out drinking". After a moment of hesitation Zora added in a confident tone "a little extra beer is no problem for a girl like me". Zora wished she believed her boast with as much confidence as she had said it. 80 ounces of beer was hardly 'a little' beer for anyone, especially a girl Zora's size who had already downed a bunch of beer hours ago.

"And what about you Kelly" William asked. "It was a very close match up, but you came much closer than last time. You were even ahead of Zora at one point when she started to squirm around in desperation".

Even without words the look on Kelly's face already said it all. Kelly was clearly full of a lot of frustration and some rage as her eyes shot daggers in Zora's direction. "Of course I did better than last time, I wasn't all that ready the first contest" she answered. "But to come so close and still lose narrowly, that's so frustrating! I've always been the beer queen among my friends. I've never lost at something like this before, and now I've lost twice!".

"Well I think you're both beer queens in the eyes of everyone here" said William to the cheers of the crowd. "Better luck next time then, but second place is still another $50 for you".

As Zora watched the remaining competitors finish the contest she saw every single one of them rush off to the sand dunes to pee. Each one of them sent an unwelcome reminder to Zora of her bladder's own needs, but Zora knew she had no choice but to ignore her bladder's rapidly increasing urge and keep holding it.

There was one competitor who didn't use the sand dunes however, her rival Kelly. She didn't seem to be showing any signs of needing a leak yet despite just downing 80 ounces of beer. While Zora was still concerned about her own filling bladder, she couldn't help but wonder if Kelly was like her in ways besides a talent for downing a lot more beer then most would expect for her size. Zora made a mental note to herself to keep an eye on Kelly.

Zora couldn't help but get the feeling that Kelly was also keeping a close eye on her while they watched the rest of the contest with the others. Zora was increasingly tempted to grip her crotch in desperation as the hour wore on, and the gusher in her bladder grew more urgent. But her gut told her not to show weakness in front of Kelly and the others, so she kept her arms away from her crotch.

By the time the contest ended Zora found herself constantly adjusting her legs every few minutes to deal with her bladder's urgent nagging. When the bets and prizes were paid out Zora hoped it would be a welcome distraction from her bladder's needs, as she and her friends sat down on a beach blanket together to count the money again.

"Ok let me try to guess the amount first" said Zora before they started to count it out and divide it up. "It's under 50% of what we made last time isn't it?".

"Why would you think we'd do that poorly" asked Phil, clearly trying to stifle a grin.

"I'm just being realistic Phil, after the first contest where no one was even close to me who would want to bet against me? That's got to have put a big dent in our haul compared to last time".

"That thinking would have applied before you made a public show of not visiting the sand dunes like the rest of your competitors" grinned Matt. "That was pure genius Zora, now we know why you're the brains of the group. I overheard several people changing their bets after they realized you still hadn't peed all day despite drinking all that beer. Thanks to your quick thinking we still managed to get 1 to 1.3 odds on you, on the entire $284".

Zora's mind went through a rollercoaster of emotions at that news. On one hand Zora's mind immediately did the math and realized the win had netted the guys $218 in profit. That wasn't that far behind their winnings from the first contest, and it was much more then she expected them to win. The greedy part of Zora leapt in joy inside at this news.

On the other hand, Zora had told the guys not to bet every cent they had on the contest, in case she lost. And the contest had turned out to be quite close, much too close for comfort for Zora in hindsight. The fact that the guys hadn't listened to her caution left another part of her pissed off at them for putting more pressure on her. She didn't want to be blamed for losing their entire winnings in one contest.

Anger won out for Zora. "Matt! I told guys not to bet everything on one contest! What if I had lost and you guys lost all your money!".

"Well that's why we didn't tell you in advance" admitted Matt to the nods of Steve and Phil. "We knew you wouldn't like it being under that kind of pressure. So we all agreed it's better to ask for forgiveness then permission".

"Besides, we still won" Steve added cheerfully. "So we can be forgiven when we have this big haul of money can't we Zora".

Zora wanted to do more to talk the guys out of betting all their money on the next contests. Milking the contests for some much needed extra spending money was one thing, but repeatedly betting it all was pure recklessness in Zora's book. But she knew from the greedy looks in their eyes, and the cheerful looks on their faces that she'd be wasting her breath.

"Damn you boys! Just don't do that again" she said in a semi-stern tone even as she felt their optimism and the pile of cash smothering her anger.

Zora calmed herself down and joined the guys in counting out the money and taking her 15% share of $33. As she counted out the money Zora couldn't help but repeatedly fidget her legs around and grab her crotch in desperation a few times. A trip to the toilet would be quite welcome right now Zora thought. Her squirming around in obvious desperation didn't escape the notice of Steve and Phil, who Zora had never confessed her plight to. Matt, knowing full well about her plight, was taking in all her desperate squirming with his eyes.

"Wait a minute" said Steve with some concern. "You really weren't bluffing when you told William you hadn't peed in over 9 hours by now, and you're still holding it after the contest?".

Zora couldn't help but blush and grip her crotch as a jolt of desperation swam through her bladder. "What kind of a lady could pee here" asked Zora. "If I was desperate and I had no other choice I'd be open to squatting down and peeing somewhere outdoors, but not in broad daylight with no privacy from a hundred other people. And before you ask, no, the sand dunes aren't private at all".

"Then why agree to enter the drinking contests when you know it'll make you have to pee real bad" asked Phil.

"You know why, the lure of this green stuff in front of us" answered Zora as she waved a wad of money around in one hand, before adjusting her fidgeting legs again. This conversation was not helping her bladder. "I just hope I'll be able to keep holding it once all that beer finishes hitting my bladder. I need to pee pretty badly already".

Matt slid over to Zora and wrapped his arms around her in a bear hug. "Calm down Zora you're the Miss Iron Bladder in the group who can drink loads of beer with us while never peeing, you'll be fine" he whispered into her ear in encouragement. Zora squirmed around in desperation underneath his bear hug.

"Matt you need to be more careful about that, my bladder doesn't like sudden jolts to my body" she complained in a playful but serious voice. Matt loosened his grip some.

Things were quiet for a few minutes as the group counted out the rest of the money and divided it up. Then Matt broke the silence with a big grin on his face. "Guys I just got a great idea to increase our haul and betting odds in the next contests, but it'll take our heroine Zora to pull off".

Steve and Phil were all ears and big grins with dollar signs practically visible in their face. Zora liked the idea of more money, so she was willing to listen to Matt's idea. "Well, what part will I have to play, besides winning another drinking contest" she asked, while she felt some jolts of desperation hit her bladder at the thought of downing yet another 80 ounces of beer.

"It's simple, the next drinking contest is in another three hours at 6 PM, I asked William when we picked up our winnings" explained Matt. "Zora you need to keep holding it till 6 PM, and hold it during the contest while you win".

Zora sighed "you know that's what I have no choice but to try to do" she said, hoping she could wait that long once the rest of the beer hit her bladder. "As soon as it gets pitch dark around 8 PM however, I'm gonna have to pee somewhere. I already need to go pretty badly".

"But that's exactly what you have to not do" Matt replied energetically. "People will be so convinced you'll win next time that we probably won't get good betting odds on the 6 PM contest no matter what we do."

"How will me not peeing help that" asked Zora warily. "The 6 PM contest will be over long before nightfall arrives and gives me my first chance to pee all day since arriving at the beach". While Zora still didn't get Matt's idea, she was already not liking where it was going. Her bladder didn't like it either, as she had to fight off more jolts of desperation as she openly squirmed around and gripped her crotch in front of the guys.

"Because we won't be betting on just the drinking contest" Matt answered eagerly. "Sure, we'll put some money on you winning that. But remember, William also has betting on contestants pissing themselves before finishing their beer".

"But most people haven't been betting on that" Steve pointed out, "and no one even pissed themselves last time because most people ran off to piss in the sand dunes before the contest started". Zora nodded, agreeing with Steve's assessment.

"Right, and even William has to have noticed that" agreed Matt. "So we'll ask him to spice up that betting by changing the rules. Given how dead that betting is on that I think he'll be open to it. We'll say he should take bets on whether the contestants can wait several hours after downing their beer to pee. Say until right before the start of the next contest at 10 PM if he keeps doing them every 4 hours".

Phil's face lit up with dollar signs as he understood Matt's idea quicker than the others. "And for the competitors who had bets placed on them, they'll need some encouragement to keep holding on after the contest for the betting. So if they can hold it, he should reward them with say 15% or so of the money bet on them lasting or not lasting. I like your idea Matt", Steve voiced his agreement as well.

Zora felt her bladder complain at the mere thought of going along with the guy's idea. It was only 3 PM now, and the guy's idea had her holding it for at least another 7 hours, and probably at least several more hours after a 10 PM drinking contest. Yet Zora had been hoping to finally get to pee in just 5 more hours when it got dark enough to give her some privacy.

'CRAP! They all love this idea already without even consulting with me, even though I have to do all the work!' Zora screamed in her mind. Knowing how strong headed the guys could be when money was involved, Zora had her doubts she could talk the guys out of this idea. Despite her own doubts about being able to wait as long as necessary to win the guy's bets, Zora felt their shared greed to milk these contests for all the money possible already melting her opposition to their idea. After all, Zora was a poor college student who needed the money to, and thanks to William's prizes these contests were more lucrative to her than the guys. What was the point of earning the nickname Miss Iron Bladder if she couldn't put that iron bladder to use when the chance arose?

"Pardon, but I couldn't help but overhear your idea for changing the rules" said a familiar feminine voice before Zora could say a word. Zora spun herself around and saw it was Kelly who had jumped into their conversation. While Kelly had wiped the frustration and anger from earlier off her face, Zora was sure she hadn't let go of either. A proud girl with wounded pride often struck back viciously Zora found.

"I think your idea sounds wonderful, I'd love to make more money off entering these contests". She paused for a moment and looked directly at Zora, with a malicious glow in her eyes. "I think your iron bladdered friend Zora would like that idea to. If you need some help convincing William to change the rules just ask, I can be quite persuasive".

Zora moved her eyes farther down and saw it on Kelly, the unmistakable bulge of an unrelieved bladder. It hit her then, Kelly really was just like her in having an iron bladder she was proud of to. Zora realized Kelly had rushed off to pee after the first drinking contest because she hadn't had time for a morning piss before catching the bus. There was no telling how long Kelly had been holding it before rushing off to the sand dunes, and she hadn't peed since. Since Kelly knew of Zora's iron bladder this was her way of challenging Zora to see who had the bigger iron bladder.

But it was also undoubtedly Kelly's way of getting revenge on Zora for beating her in the first two contests. She knew full well Zora was getting desperate enough for a piss after all that beer to fidget around openly in desperation. She likely knew that Zora was extremely unlikely to bring herself to use the sand dunes. And because Zora had admitted it publically earlier Kelly knew her bladder had a 4 and a half hour advantage over Zora's. So this was also her way of trying to keep Zora from a much needed piss until Kelly had bested her iron bladder.

Though she knew she couldn't say it out loud, Zora swore at Kelly in her mind as her bladder continued to get pumped fuller with beer. She hadn't wanted a holding contest with her at all, especially in such an inconvenient place with no public bathrooms.

Matt, Steve, and Phil meanwhile all happily thanked Kelly for supporting their idea. Only then did they seem to realize that they hadn't heard Zora's opinion on the idea, or gotten her approval. "You're fine with this money making idea aren't you Zora" Matt asked in a tone that showed his full confidence in his sexy girlfriend with the iron bladder saying yes.

In a split second Zora glanced at the eager faces of the guys, still with dollar signs in their eyes. She shifted her eyes to Kelly's, and saw her exuding complete confidence. Her eyes were practically daring Zora say no like her rapidly filling bladder wanted her to. Zora knew she couldn't give in to her bladder's demands if it was what Kelly wanted. Zora also knew the guys would be really disappointed in her if she gave in to her bladder's demands this soon and refused to enter more drinking contests because of it.

"Sure, I'll be game for this boys" she answered, even as all the pee already sloshing around in her desperate bladder made her regret the words before speaking them. The look Kelly gave her said it all, she was eager for a showdown to best Zora's iron bladder and humiliate her in the way Zora's contest wins had humiliated her. Despite her pessimism about going up against Kelly in her state, Zora found herself wanting to best Kelly and her iron bladder just to wipe the arrogant look off of her face. Zora sighed as she realized it was going to be a long evening for her and her already desperately full iron bladder.

