My Little Sister Can't Be Wearing Maxi Pads! (Contains Yuri)

Author: FirstOrderWet

*000*2018-01-16 17:13

Hello, My name Is Kirino Kousaka. I have a confession, I have a pee fetish. Since I have a job modeling, I am able to buy my otaku items and maxi pads to pee in since I get pleasure from peeing in them. Every day before school, I stuff a maxi pad inside of my underwear. Maxi pads are the best for my fetish since I don’t have to wear diapers and I do not ruin my panties. But today something amazing happened. I have another confession, I am also a lesbian. I will not let my brother know about these two things. There is a really cute girl I have a crush on (Who is also a lesbian) Her name is Ruri whos nickname is kuroneko. So getting back to what happened today, in class, my maxi pad wasn’t wet yet, but I really had to pee. It didn’t help that the school required you to wear a skirt.

In class we were assigned to take care of a fake baby as a group project. I was so excited because I could work on it with Ruri. But I started to pee myself due to me getting super excited. I had to pee so much that It bleed through getting on my underwear, my skirt, and the seat. Due to this being my fetish, I giggled through it. Then the teacher saw this. I also saw that two guys in the class got erections. The teacher told me to go to the bathroom. What I didn’t expect was that Kuroneko went with me. She lifted her dress and showed me that she wears a maxi pad as well. I asked her if She could be my partner for the baby assignment and then she kissed me! She is now my girlfriend and now we could pee on each other!

