The City Without a Ladies Room - Page 4

Author: FullBladder85

*072*2019-02-04 03:53

{{On 2/1/2019 at 12:23 PM, JMatthews1995 said:

Still hoping for a follow up to this story

}}

You and everyone else I'm sure.

I'm really sorry this is taking so long guys, seeing how many pages this thread has gotten and how it's still getting replies makes me feel bad for taking so long. I tend to be something of a perfectionist when writing stories, constantly rewriting parts when I decide I don't like them, or think I can make them even better. And frankly I just haven't been that satisfied with the quality of my writing of late. I'm sure some of you would still like what I have written if I posted it anyway, but what I have written just isn't up to the quality of the first two parts of this story at the moment, and I'd rather have a few great quality chapters then a bunch of low quality ones.

I'm still working on the story, but I'm not sure when the next part will be ready. It's possible the next chapter I post might focus on other characters living in the same city.

*080*2019-04-28 04:19

At long last I'm finally ready to post another chapter of this story. I'm really sorry for the long delay guys, to keep it short it was a combination of 3 factors.

1) I got a bit burnt out and took 2 weeks off on this story a while ago.

2) After coming back from that break I decided I really didn't like what I had written so far, so I started over, but kept some of the best paragraphs (I did the same exact thing when writing Chapter 1, and it turned out much better for it in my opinion).

3) Temporary events at work have kept me working more hours the last few weeks, including responding to a lot of emails in the evening at home, a time when I most often write. This has really put a damper on my available time to write, and left me not in the mood for it some nights. I've been nearly finished this chapter for 2 weeks, but just didn't have the time to finish it until now.

So finally, here's the next chapter:

======

Part 3: Cascades of Piss

We arrived at Cascade's diner during the evening rush hour. A dozen people were ahead of us waiting for a table, half of them women in clear discomfort from the urgent needs of their visibly bulging bladders. Erin and all the women waiting in line had their legs tightly crossed as they shifted around uncomfortably, but the lack of a ladies room left them with no choice but to continue to hold all their pent up boiling hot pee in even longer. Like Erin, all these women could have chosen to go home to take a badly needed piss before dinner. But instead they had all chosen to purposely show up with their desperately full bladders still unrelieved for many hours.

I glanced back at Erin, and she gave me a gentle smile as she crossed her legs and squirmed around uncomfortably like the rest of the women. "I don't know why you look so surprised Jeff. Did you really think I was going to be the only girl showing up here needing to pee?" she whispered quietly enough for only me to hear.

I nodded my head. "I know that you ladies can't pee in public, even if your bladder is filled to the brim and you've been dying to pee for many hours. But I figured that the first thing any girl's going to do after work in this city is go home to pee".

"If we weren't going anywhere sure, I would have eagerly gone home to pee in that case Jeff" Erin admitted as she anxiously rubbed her slim thighs together hard, trying to resist the urge to openly grab her pussy like a desperate little girl. "I normally make the first bus home and get to pee by now, so it's already been longer than I usually need to wait. I'm getting kind of desperate".

"So then why didn't you agree to stop by your apartment to pee first when I suggested it?" I asked.

"Because us ladies aren't supposed to pee out in public. Doesn't insisting we need to stop by our home so we can pee on our way to dinner sound a lot like using a public ladies room to you Jeff? That's why it would have been selfish of me to inconvenience you with a detour to my apartment just so I could pee. I didn't want you to feel like I took an unfair advantage of your kindness to pee instead of holding it like I was supposed to".

"So you're saying I accidentally kept you from peeing by inviting you out to dinner after work?".

Erin nodded. "It's nothing Jeff, don’t feel guilty about it. I'll just cross my legs and hold it in a while longer, it's what us girls are supposed to do in this city. I hold it all the time when I'm expected to" Erin insisted despite the 11 hours' worth of boiling hot pee she still badly needed to let out. A small part of me felt bad for Erin still having to hold it for even longer. But a bigger part of me realized gleefully that Erin had just told me how to keep any 'well behaved' lady in the city, like Erin, from peeing for a long while. The evil part of me knew that in the not too distant future I would definitely have to use this newfound knowledge to keep Erin from using her toilet for a very long time.

When the line moved up enough for us to step inside the diner I began to fully appreciate just how successful the city's #GirlsShouldNotPee campaign was at changing women's behavior and social norms. Every woman I could see in the diner was clearly dealing with a very uncomfortably full bladder, nearly all of them were squirming around anxiously in their seat, a few were even openly holding themselves.

One particularly desperate looking college aged woman in jeans and a dark hoodie stood out to me. She kept clenching her thighs together, and scissoring her legs back and forth franticly, all with a worried look on her face that none of the other women shared. She looked to be minutes away from peeing all over the floor, she had clearly been forced to put off her pee for far too long. She glanced anxiously towards the men's room, as if seriously contemplating it as an emergency alternative to possibly peeing her pants, yet she remained in her seat.

Another desperate woman in the diner initially stood out to me because I recognized her from the office, her name was Katy, she was our company's CEO. Katy was the only woman in a group of 8 at her table, the men were all other people from the office. Katy was the only one at her table who looked very uncomfortable; she had her legs double crossed, but she couldn't keep them still as she fidgeted around anxiously underneath the table, clearly in urgent need of relief after a long day without any.

Yet none of the men seemed to care that their CEO badly needed to pee, they all expected her to hold it till she was home like the other women. Katy for her part seemed determined to play the confident CEO for the men, continuing to remain talkative and sip on her drink, no matter how much pressure was building on her exhausted little pee hole, begging for release. When a fidgeting waitress offered her table a refill of their drinks, Katy, still squirming desperately in her seat, was the first to hold out her empty glass for a refill, as if to show the men she could still drink like them without concern for her throbbing bladder.

Even the women who worked at the diner looked like they hadn't been able to pee in many hours the way they all fidgeted around regularly. One pretty brunette waitress with the nametag Jennifer pinned to her shirt seemed more desperate then the rest of the staff. She was the only waitress with a fist openly shoved deep into her crotch as she hobbled towards the kitchen.

If we were anywhere else in the world all these women would be impatiently lining up to use the ladies room, and the line would no doubt be enormous. But since there were no ladies rooms in the city, and the women knew they were expected to wait, they all just held it without complaint. To be fair, I'm sure there were women in the city who would have sensibly refused to go out to dinner after work without peeing first, but there didn't seem to be any of them here as far as I could tell.

I thought Erin's lack of relief for the last 11 hours, and the addition of yet more liquid to her bladder over dinner, was going to be the worst of her problems at Cascade's diner. But I quickly realized I was wrong when our host took us to our table. It seemed Cascade's diner took its name literally in their decorations, because a beautiful waterfall fountain, with plenty of noisily running water, was at the center of their diner. It was as if the person who had designed the décor was hoping to witness plenty of desperate women diners with cascades of piss flowing down their legs.

I glanced back at the desperate girl in the jeans and dark hoodie, wondering if her exhausted bladder would make her the first to have piss running down her legs. Or maybe it would be our CEO Katy, even though she tried to play the confident woman with the iron bladder for the guys. The rumors around the office were that she often drank a lot of tea at work, if true that tea had to be putting quite a strain on her tired & overworked bladder by now.

Our host seated us near the fountain, where Erin could easily hear it's constant torturous trickling sound loud and clear. Erin couldn't help but ram both her fists into her desperately throbbing pussy like a desperate little girl as she took her seat. To Erin it must have been like sitting next to a guy taking an endlessly long pee in front of her. Yet not a word of complaint escaped Erin's lips, it seemed she was used to having her bladder put in very uncomfortable situations like this and being expected to wait. It was almost like Erin secretly enjoyed putting herself in these desperate situations because she liked the feeling of a full bladder, maybe a lot of women secretly did in this city. Maybe that was part of why Erin obeyed the law & seemed to support the #GirlsShouldNotPee campaign so unquestionably.

While the pressure had been building in Erin's bladder all day thanks to all the coffee she had drank earlier, that didn't stop her from draining half her glass of water in the first 10 minutes. We hadn't even gotten our food yet. I stared incredulously at her, as Erin franticly shifted around in her seat while ramming a fist into her quivering pee hole. My staring wasn't unnoticed by Erin, who returned a knowing smile.

"I know Jeff, I really shouldn't be drinking all this water, especially when I already need to pee so frigging bad" Erin admitted as she continued to squirm around in her seat in the sexiest way. "The thing is I really don't want to suffer from dehydration, and to do that I've got to drink plenty of water, even though I haven't been able to pee since heading to work over 11 hours ago!".

"Why the concern about not drinking enough? Have you had medical issues from dehydration before?" I asked.

"No, but the doctors are always nagging us ladies to stay well hydrated to avoid dehydration issues. My doctor is always telling me 'if you don't need to pee really bad by the mid-afternoon then you aren't drinking enough water', and right now it's several hours past mid-afternoon. I've been dutifully following my doctor's advice throughout the day, with all that coffee earlier, so yeah, I really need to pee bad when I get home Jeff, it's getting to be an emergency".

"Easy for your doctor to give you those instructions, he can pee whenever he wants to. You're the one who has to hold it when your bladder swells up to the size of a melon after all that coffee, with no place to let it out all day" I pointed out.

"My doctor is a lady, so she has to hold it at work and out in public just like me, and she follows her own advice on this subject" Erin informed me with a slightly annoyed tone. "Also your concern is nice Jeff, but I'll be ok with not having my usual after work pee. It's nice when I get to pee after work. But sometimes I don't get a chance to and I need to keep holding it a while longer into the evening" she stated matter-of-factly, as if she couldn't care less whether she got to pee or not, despite the liters of boiling hot pee already sitting restlessly in her bulging bladder. With an attitude like that I knew the rest of dinner would be very interesting for me, and very uncomfortable for Erin as she filled her already full bladder with even more drinks.

"Ready to go Jeff?" Erin asked anxiously after we had finished dinner. I knew she was eager to leave so she could go home and pee. She sat at the edge of her seat with her legs tightly crossed, jerking around quick and anxiously with her fists shoved into her pussy. Even by Erin's iron bladder standards it must have been an emergency by now. It didn't look like it would take much more for Erin's boiling hot pee to start uncontrollably cascading out in a massive flood, especially after the 2 glasses of water she had drank in the last hour.

So of course I shook my head. "Not quite, I know you've been waiting to go all day, and you must need it quite badly by now, but I really need to slip into the men's room before we leave" I answered truthfully. I knew I was being cruel; I could have easily held it and let Erin get home a few minutes sooner to take her very badly needed pee. But hey, Erin was the one who had been encouraging me all day to not think about her bladder needs when I had to go. And Erin had willingly chosen to drink all that coffee and water throughout the day when she knew full well that there was no place for her to pee in public!

Rather than be annoyed, or protest that she urgently needed to get home so that she could use her toilet, Erin nodded meekly. "Go ahead and pee Jeff. I can cross my legs and wait like a good girl until you come back" she replied deferentially, even as her exhausted little pee hole was no doubt quivering under the strain of holding so much pent up pee back for so long. I imagine a 'bad girl' in Erin's mind would have complained about me going off to pee yet again while she was getting close to pissing her pants after being denied relief for the last 12 hours.

"I'll try to be quick Erin, I'm really sorry to keep you waiting while I go yet again" I said as I stood up.

"There's no need to feel guilty Jeff, I'm supposed to hold it, that's why there's no ladies rooms in public. You guys can pee whenever you want" she calmly reassured me as I left the table.

It continued to amaze me the way Erin so easily accepted without complaint that I got to pee yet again, while she had to keep holding it, even though she had been dying to pee for hours now! It seemed the only thing stronger than Erin's bladder, was her commitment to behaving like a proper lady, by obediently holding her liters of hot pee in without complaint like ladies were expected to in this city. Surely she wouldn't keep holding it without complaint until she couldn't wait any longer and began to piss herself? I wondered in that moment what the limits to her 'ladylike manners' and bladder endurance were. Maybe if I kept stalling her trip home I could find out tonight... starting with making my trip to the men's room longer than necessary... knowing Erin would obediently hold it and keep waiting for me...

======

Ok, I lied at the beginning of this post, there was a 4th reason that delayed this chapter that I didn't reveal at the start of this post for spoiler reasons. I was originally going to finish the story in this chapter and have Erin finally pee (one way or another), but it was getting so long that I realized I had to split it in half. This is why I missed the deadline I announced in my profile a few weeks ago, I had to rewrite a little bit of this chapter to make it this a better chapter ending point (since it originally wasn't supposed to be a chapter ending). And then work began to keep me a lot busier, which delayed the chapter a few weeks farther.

Anyway, let me know what you all think, I hope this chapter was worth the long wait.

