Pride Goeth Before The Fall

Author: Foxlover

*000*2017-12-30 18:41

Hi, friends! I've decided to ty writing again, and the incomparable and immensely-talented @Brown&yellow agreed to let me use some of their drawings to sort of caption with a small vignette. Here is the first; hope you all enjoy!

Isabel Alvarez was not a timid woman. Born into a family of rich culture and vibrant heritage, it was in her very blood to be passionate in everything she did; her job, her friendships, her fondness for Internet dessert recipes; if it interested her, you could bet she was going to put her all into making sure she did it to the fullest extent.

Her recently-established gym regimen was no different. Gotta have some way to offset the physical expense for that 3-berry dump cake, right? And so, every morning for the past 6 weeks, Isabel had been hitting the machines pretty hard, her unmitigated zeal driving her to push past every physical limit she had in her bid to achieve her health goals.

Not that she really needed it all too bad; as a relatively fit woman of 24, Isabel was no slouch when it came to looks, possessing a softly chiseled face along with a pair of dark amber eyes and two full, pouty lips that were pulled into an almost perpetual pout, implying strength whilst maintaining femininity. Her body was equally as desirable, if she did say so herself, sporting an almost sinfully curvaceous figure complete with a delightfully plump rump and two hand overflowing breasts that tugged at the eyes of even the most chaste of men, especially in the rather raunchy ensembles she regularly wore to the gym.

Today was just another one of those mornings. She’d compressed her statuesque form into a pair of black-and-yellow Lycra leggings and a teeny yellow tube top that hardly did anything to contain her bountiful bosom. Sweat matted her brunette locks to her forehead as she finished off yet another bottle of water. What number was this? She’d lost count an hour ago as soon as she’d gotten to the mountain climber machine. She crumpled the plastic in her hand, tossing it into the recycling before grabbing another. Working as hard as she did, she always figured she needed to drink her weight in fluids to counter the immense sweat output. Normally, it worked out that way, and she was able to go through her entire workout hydrated and unimpeded.

However, something was different. She was sweating, alright, but the sheen on her bronzed skin only accounted for a small percentage of the liquids she consumed. Most of it had been steadily trickling into her bladder since the first bottle, manifesting as an urge in the first 15 minutes and a dull ache after a half hour. She had adamantly forced it down, opting to continuing her workout despite the building pressure. That was another thing about Isabel; she was incorrigibly stubborn, unwilling to be distracted from her task, even at the behest of her own body.

That was nearly two and a half hours ago. She looked positively pregnant with pee now, her swollen abdomen bulging almost grotesquely out of her leggings as she defiantly chugged yet another bottle of water, her face red both from physical exertion and the effort it took to contain the ocean of urine nestled betwixt her quivering thighs.

A few of the gym goers had ceased their workouts to ogle at the woman’s rotund abdomen, whispering to themselves about the obviously monumental pee the valiant-spirited woman was denying herself.

Great as her willpower was, even Isabel could not combat biology. She grunted a bit into her bottle as a sizable squirt from her clenched nethers dampened the gusset of her leggings, dripping onto the floor with a light *pat, pat*.

At this point, it was only pride keeping Isabel from completely breaking down into a twitching, writhing dance of desperation. She had come this far, she would not be bested by her bladder, not now.

Finishing the bottle, she disposed of it as well, her face tight and her lips trembling as she attempted to get back on the mountain machine. She grit her teeth as the motion sent jolts through her overripened organ, making her knees knock with the effort of holding back the immense flood. Swallowing and steeling herself, she began to move her legs up and down, vehemently ignoring the protests from her screaming kegels. Her stomach was so bloated that quads actually kneaded into the taut flesh of her abdomen as she worked, each pump causing her face to contort in agony as her overfilled pee-pouched was jostled and squeezed from both sides by each motion she took on the machine.

She tried to keep going, but the pressure was too great. In one last bid for control, she pulled one hand of of the grips and thrust between her shaking thighs, gripping at her soaked crotch as she tried to salvage what was left of her quickly deteriorating willpower. It bought her some time, but eventually, the reinforcing pressure was overcome by the sheer volume of pee she was containing.

She lasted may 2 more minutes before the scale finally tipped. The battle was lost; it was now only a matter of time before even retreat ceased to be a viable option. The bodacious brunette threw herself off of the machine with a strangled cry, both hands thrust up underneath her protruding bladder as she stashed towards the ladies, spurting intermittently into her fingers.

She shoved aside the door, staggering into the lavatory as her face contorted in agony. She leaned against the wall for support with one hand, the other still clutching at her trembling womanhood, the whole crotch of her leggings practically dripping with her amber bounty. She managed to stumble into a stall, tearing down her leggings as her muscles gave way, rivulets of her nectar streaming down her trembling inner thighs. She was practically already peeing full force as she threw herself at the toilet, not even having time to remove her panties as she thrust her bum over the mouth of her porcelain salvation.

Torrents upon torrents of pee gushed out through Isabel’s panties, splattering noisily into the bowl below. So intense was her need, she did not even feel relieved for the first few moments, her face still tight with pain before dissolving into a visage of pure, unadulterated bliss. She leaned her head back on the wall, her mouth agape as her pee continued to rope out of her with unmatched fervor, her corpulent bladder slowly deflating to its normal size as her muscles twitched with almost orgasmic release.

After nearly two minutes, her stream tapered to a stop. For a moment, Isabel couldn’t move, the relief leaving her nearly insensate. She merely sat there, the sound of her residual drips and labored breath echoing throughout the stall. Her bladder felt numb, faintly humming within her abdomen as she savored the sweet sensation of emptiness, her breasts still heaving.

With some difficulty, she pulled herself up off of the toilet, stumbling a bit as she put her weight over her jelly-like legs again. She blindly groped around for a bit of toilet tissue to wipe up what she could before tossing it into the toilet and flushing.

With a swallow, she made her way out of the bathroom, keeping her head down as she hurried to collect her things and stride quickly towards the exit of the gym.

After that incident, Isabel remained the same lively woman, fiery and vivacious…though never again was she too proud to duck into a restroom whenever the urge struck!

*002*2017-12-30 21:04

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was great

}}

Thanks so much!

*004*2017-12-30 22:37

{{18 minutes ago, DerivativeWings said:

Good read, short but sweet. It's great to see you write again - I've certainly missed your stories.

I'm confused as to why you got downvoted? But I guess it doesn't really matter, I upvoted to cancel it out :P

}}

I appreciate it!

I dunno, I suppose my stories aren't for everyone? Lol

So long as I enjoy it, and maybe some others too, that's good enough for me. :)

*007*2017-12-31 00:26

{{1 hour ago, Brown&yellow said:

Aaaah!! Thankyou @Foxlover!!

}}

*010*2017-12-31 01:03

{{3 minutes ago, Adolf_Alfredo said:

It's really great to read another story from you! I really enjoy your work.

}}

Really? I figured your downvote meant you weren’t a fan of it XD

I appreciate it all the same, though!

*012*2018-01-03 04:55

{{On 12/31/2017 at 2:47 AM, Golgi said:

Oh wild that was a mistake. Anyways keep up the good work!

}}

It's all good, man! Thanks for the support!

