Marcella's Mistake

Author: fullbladder

*000*2022-10-02 00:31

This takes place in the future, about 50 years from now. Marcella is an attractive, curvy but fit, 26-year old blonde in business attire.

Marcella hurriedly made her way to the bartender as her first and best friend Sarah put on her coat. Marcella always got lost in her friend’s crazy tales. More often than not, she shockingly realized the fullness of her bladder as the meeting wound down. For the first twenty years of their friendship, it hadn’t been a big issue, but now things had changed…

Three years ago, in May 2074, the federal government had passed a law that driving with a full bladder was now illegal. A series of studies had discovered that just needing to pee made drivers significantly worse. For instance, a bladder with 85% fullness posed a statistically equal risk to other drivers as someone who was just at the legally drunk threshold. Things got progressively worse from there as did the punishments. Anyone pulled over with 95% fullness or visible wetness on their underwear or in their vehicle could be imprisoned for up to a year. Since bladder fullness was a much more common problem than distraction caused by defecation, the cops typically only carried bladder sensors.

“It’s $79 after 9:00pm, hun.” The obviously bored bartender named Florence stated as Marcella approached her, her mouth open and ready to speak. Marcella blushed, realizing her need was clear to all around, including the cute college boys drinking at the bar.

“$79!”

“Ya, the rate went up last weekend.”

Marcella nervously opened her purse. Despite $79 being almost as much as she had just spent on a dinner and four drinks, she was happy to pay. Why risk it? After downing a Sobering Pill, she would be under the legal alcohol limit and ok to drive home. However, her bladder was another matter. She was already close, if not already over, the 75% legal limit. If she got stuck in traffic, all bets were off.

Marcella anxiously counted out $66- she was short. “Can you please spot me $13? I’ll come back and pay up in the morning.”

Florence looked up from the glass she was polishing. “No can do, sis- I really need this job. We take debit and credit though- I can grab you the scanner.”

Marcella fought back tears. “I’m all of cash until my pay in the morning- I withdrew everything I had. And I’m on a credit freeze because my balance went up three months in a row.”

“Sorry, can’t help you- try your luck in the alleys or maybe ask those lads over there checking you out.” The alleys were an incredible risk- many of them were videotaped by the police, especially around popular drinking hangouts. To identify and shame Public Urinators, the City published footage of the hidden cameras every Monday morning. Once a video of an attractive female ended up in local media, the outcome was predictable- the clip was passed around everywhere and the woman became a social pariah. Males always had it easier. Due to their ability to corner their peeing between walls and dumpsters, it was unlikely a camera would fully capture a man’s organ in the act. Even so, Marcella had saved some great male clips on her SmartLenses.

There was also the risk of an Undesirable hanging around in the dark, waiting for an opportune moment. In her younger, drunker years, Marcella had risked relieving herself in rural areas with her best mates. However, alone in the city was an entirely different matter- she was not going to risk the embarrassment and punishment. After all, she was a grown woman- she could surely find a way to a toilet.

The college boys were laughing as they hornily eyed the 26-year old curvy, but fit, blonde in a black business skirt and teal blouse. She stood desperately shifting her legs begging for a sympathetic pass to the toilet. It was a truly cruel system- businesses had begun charging fees for bathroom use and jacked up rates when nights ran long and relief options shrank. However, wriggling young women were always a welcome sight for horny lads.

Marcella turned to them. “Hi, can one of you please lend me $13? I’ll wire you $20 in the morning.”

The one nearest to her scoffed. “Yeah, as if. Maybe show us some skin first then we’ll be happy to pay you- no wire necessary!”

Marcella considered pulling out one of her 34C breasts, but quickly dismissed the idea. The restaurant and bar was packed with local working professionals, many of them with SmartLenses. The video would get back to her boss surely and then she would have bigger problems. She had seen a few co-workers lose their jobs due to misconduct while wearing the recognizable teal Dawkin’s Corporation uniforms.

Frustrated, she turned away from the bar and made her way outside. She opened her Sobering Pill and swallowed it. In mere seconds, Marcella felt awake. The cool night air made her shiver as she walked briskly in the dark, making it ever more challenging to prevent a squirt into her silk white panties. She quickly scanned the area around her before pushing her cold fingers into her womanhood. The sobering of senses seemed to make her much more cognizant of how full her bladder was and that she didn’t have enough money for a toilet. Another fun fact about the Sobering Pill was that it processed the body’s alcohol faster, resulting in quicker production of liquid waste.

Predictably, Sarah had left without using the toilet. Over time, Marcella felt increasingly envious of her friend’s large bladder. It was so unfair that she could always just pee at home! One of Marcella’s career goals was getting to the executive management level so that she would get unlimited toilet visits and time. She would never again have to worry about exceeding her toilet quota. Last year’s 31 excess toilet visits and 208 overtime minutes at work had cost her nearly $1,000, over 10% of her holiday bonus!

Marcella cautiously started her hydrogen-electric hybrid and pulled out of the parking lot. She would have to be extra careful to not draw attention on this Friday night. There was no reason to give a cop a reason to pull her over and then scan her bladder roadside. In the past few years, more than a few desperate drivers had been left humiliated desperately dancing roadside as the officer pulled protective plastics over their car’s backseat. While these SmartLenses videos were not as humiliating as the City’s peeing ones, they still tended to go viral if the woman in question wet herself prior to getting to the police station. All police stations were filmed by omorashi fetishists at all times. There was just too much desperation and wetting to be enjoyed regularly.

*002*2022-10-03 02:33

As she drove, Marcella evaluated the fullness of her bladder. A couple of years ago, she had been pulled over and had just barely avoided a fine- by 1.3%. The cop had been visibly aggravated. If he had waited five more minutes to pull her over, she would have surely filled up beyond the limit. Luckily, it was illegal for cops to follow vehicles they had already pulled over, so Marcella got the joy of seeing the policeman’s regretful scowl as he took the next right-hand turn into a busy avenue. Ten minutes later, she was scrambling up the stairs of her apartment building, hand clutching crotch. She had somehow managed to get her door unlocked, pants down, and butt on the seat with just a quarter-sized wet spot on her capri-pants.

Marcella decided her bladder was currently 83% full, 2% under the second and more serious legal limit. She used to have a bladder monitor but it had stopped working after some 18 months of regular use. They had much better ones now- they didn’t need to be strapped on, just pointed at the bladder. However, Marcella couldn’t afford anything like that at the moment. With the economic downturn and her work hours cut back, Marcella had struggled just to have enough food, water, and shelter to survive. Her trip to the bar had been her one treat to herself, with her slim end-of-month cash balance.

In reality, the bar meal had been just as much a necessity. A necessity to hide her economic despair from her long-time friend Sarah. A necessity to escape the misery of her recent life, albeit for only a few hours. A necessity to preserve her sanity.

Marcella wriggled in her seat, wishing she could just let a little pee out into her panties. However, getting pulled over with a wet spot was the ultimate crime. It was automatically counted as 100% fullness. The police would assume she had been full to the point of loss of bladder control while driving on a public motorway. That usually meant jail time. There had been a few cases of women with documented bladder control issues who had argued in court that they peed inadvertently even when their bladders weren’t full. Almost all of them had been found Not Guilty of Driving Under the Influence. The one exception had been drunk when she had been pulled over. Unfortunately, Marcella had no such medical record to help her out.

Marcella was only five minutes from home, but it took triple that time in Friday night traffic. She lived near a popular downtown nightclub/restaurant strip and the only way into the 6.2 km almost perfectly square block was a one-kilometer bridge. The bridge got busy on weekday mornings and afternoons, as well as weekend nights. Since there was no way off the bridge once you got on, police often set up checkpoints on one or both ends during busy nights.

Bladder checking typically took about three minutes, two of them for the scanner (police were required to use the more precise snap-on technology instead of the quick point-and-click devices people carried around) and another minute for drivers exiting and re-entering the vehicle. Meanwhile, a visual check only took about fifteen seconds. Typically, most drivers got through without being bladder checked. In the event of a checkpoint, Marcella’s best bet was to hide her desperation- it was definitely easier said than done.

She absentmindedly reached up her skirt to grip her pussy through her cotton panties as the light finally turned green, permitting her to drive onto the busy bridge. She REALLY needed the toilet. Damn Sarah and her random sexual hookups in Argentina! Marcella’s mind drifted to the story about the hot Kolla boy who had simply climbed into Sarah’s shower and peed on her instead of using the toilet two feet away. After shower sex, he had asked her to return the favor. Unfortunately, she had peed just moments before he had stepped in, so she could only produce a light trinkle. Also unfortunately, the two had gone their separate ways after that eventful night- Marcella had found this story weirdly exciting.

As traffic slowed yet again to a standstill, Marcella stated “park”, prompting the car to stop. The parked status allowed her to take her eyes off the road and shove both hands into her crotch instead of just her left. While driving, she was required by the car to keep, at minimum, her dominant hand on the steering wheel. She wondered for the millionth time why self-driving cars, with a near 0% incident rate, still required “drivers” to be aware and ready to take over at all times. The whole impaired driver thing seemed like even more bullshit on top. Then again, there was always the occasional story of entire communities being hacked and causing ruckus on the streets in Africa. It was probably a good thing the West had stricter laws.

As the charger truck (it sold power wirelessly to nearby cars) started moving, Marcella half-heartedly moaned “go” and refocused on the road. As she placed her right hand back on the steering wheel, she felt a giant wave of desperation flow from her bladder through her tense body. She just barely stopped herself from spurting into her skirt. To make matters worse, she could see the tell-tale familiar lights up ahead- there was a checkpoint just beyond the end of the bridge, about three minutes away.

Marcella hyperventilated, trying to plan how she would hide her desperation from the police officer. It was imperative that she keep her eyes on the road and not put the car in park again. The police's pre-scanning technology flagged drivers that did such things before they even got to the checkpoint. Fortunately, most cars seemed to be getting through this particular checkpoint quickly. As Marcella approached, she saw that an officer was already dealing with a very desperate early 40s woman a few meters behind the checkpoint. The tall handsome man looked down at the self-illuminating device snapped around the woman’s waist, her leather skirt hiked up just enough to reveal a sliver of her grey panties, and firmly shook his head.

In the soft glow of the streetlight, the woman helplessly danced on the spot and protested as he undid the device and snapped on magnetic cuffs, but to no avail. He opened the trunk of his car and pulled out the plastic cover for the back seat. As Marcella finally approached the checkpoint, the handcuffed woman started wetting herself. A sizeable waterfall flowed down her legs, forming a puddle on the asphalt. Legs scissoring, Marcella just managed to look away before she started urinating in her own skirt. She was at the checkpoint- just one car to go. Would she make it through?

*004*2022-10-04 22:00

Marcella struggled to appear as composed as possible as the young brunette policewoman eyed her suspiciously; her badge identified her as Constable Julia Harris. Marcella’s thighs were pressed together as she willed her legs to remain still. Her pee pushed to the absolute edge of her urethra as she tried to focus on Julia’s questioning. Just fifteen seconds of composure- she could do this.

“Good evening, Ma’am. Where you heading to?”

Marcella’s lip quivered ever so slightly. “J-just going home- I had dinner with a friend.” Behind Julia, Marcella observed the humiliated woman finally getting into the patrol car. The officer had been waiting for her to finish peeing before escorting her into his back seat.

Julia paused to analyze her for a long moment- Marcella could see her spider senses tingling.

“Have you had anything to drink tonight?”

“Y-yes- I had a couple of drinks with my food, but I took a Sobering Pill before driving.” It was a half-truth. Marcella prayed she hadn’t led Julia into the wrong train of thought.

Julia bit her lip and shifted her weight from her right foot to her left. “What about water or anything else?”

“No, not recently.” Despite her clenched female muscles, Marcella felt herself leak into her panties. This talk of drinking liquids was absolute torture in her desperate state. She was certain she would piss herself before she got home, but it was much better than wetting herself roadside or in Julia’s patrol car.

Another long look from Julia. “When did you last urinate?”

“Um… at the bar after dinner.” Marcella’s eyes watered as she lied. It hurt so much to hold it. Talking about peeing made her squirt again and she almost lost all control this time. She desperately pushed her thighs together tighter, fighting the overwhelming urge to grab herself again. She could feel the warm wetness in her panties and hoped to the holy heavens that she had not made a wet spot on the back of her black skirt.

Julia seemed to have made up her mind. “Ma’am, I will need you to step out of your vehicle.”

Crying silently, Marcella instructed the door to open and stepped out carefully onto the street. She barely maintained control as she stood up. She was on the verge of fully disgracing herself- her bladder test would surely come back at over 85%. That meant a minimum 20-minute ride to the police station, not just a fine, car towing, and ten-minute walk home. She was fucked.

As Julia accepted the bladder checking device from a male constable, Marcella felt herself squirt again. A few drops splashed on the asphalt between her feet. Somehow the leak went unnoticed as the two cops fiddled with the device. Surely, they would notice the wet spot on her panties as they snapped on the device around her waist.

Marcella tried to stand still as Julia held the front half of the device against her crotch and snapped on the back. She almost started peeing as the cold plastic roughly contacted her skin, but barely hung on. By sheer chance, Julia had not noticed the wet panties under her almost knee-length skirt… yet. Long skirts sure had their advantages. Marcella wondered if her squirts hadn’t wet the back of her skirt or the black color just hid the wetness well in the dark night.

As the machine beeped and illuminated, the two officers made small talk about the busy evening. Constable Pari was on her way to replace John, who had just driven away the wet woman. Marcella’s cheeks burned with embarrassment as drivers gawked at her and the officers joked about all the full bladders tonight. Marcella couldn’t help that Julia’s shuffling had continued, perhaps even intensified- her own full bladder had likely caused her to completely miss Marcella’s wet spot!

As she shivered roadside, Marcella somehow managed to avoid peeing all over the noisy, bright device. As it beeped definitively, Julia leaned in to read the number.

“84.9%. Wow, it looks like you’re a very lucky lady tonight.”

Julia hurriedly unbuckled the device and handed it back to Constable Frank, Marcella squirted again, just barely hanging on. As she felt liquid run down her left leg, she knew this was the last straw. Her next lapse would be the dam bursting.

Julia turned back to her. “OK, let me print out your citation then you can walk. Your car can be picked up tomorrow morning at the City Impound.”

Marcella danced on the spot as Julia and Frank walked back to the car. A curious group of college students had gathered across the street, obviously recording the scene on their SmartLenses. Marcella knew a few friends would undoubtedly come across this clip of her dancing in hopeless desperation. But it was still very different from them seeing her wet her pants at a checkpoint- that horrible clip would almost certainly spread like wildfire and ruin her life.

Julia strode over briskly and handed her a piece of paper. Marcella looked at it briefly before shoving it into her purse. $289 for driving while over 75% full, plus another $176 in car fees- great, just what she needed. However, it paled in comparison to what would have happened had she been just 0.1% fuller. Her leaks had saved her from disaster… and they had somehow gone unnoticed- what a miracle!

Marcella knew she didn’t have much time to get away from the group of horny twenty-year-olds. If they caught her on video, she would be toast. Everything gone- her career, social standing, life, everything. Quickly, she strode down the busy street to a quieter one some fifty yards away. She had her hand in her wet crotch as she walked- it was her only hope of moving quickly without completely losing control.

Marcella helplessly leaked into her underwear as she rounded the corner. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed two of the boys running towards her. They had found a gap in traffic and had run across the street, somehow going unbothered by the police. Behind them, four girls and two boys were laughing hysterically, like hyenas.

Marcella desperately located a small kids park and ran into it. Peeing uncontrollably, she climbed into a closed slide and managed to climb up a couple of feet to hide herself. Her pee splattered noisily against the plastic and flowed down the slide. As excited footsteps approached her, Marcella realized that stopping her flow was no longer an option in her dire state. With awesome strength, she managed to lower her crotch a few inches while still keeping her palms flat on the sides of the slide. It worked- the noise subsided drastically as she continued to relieve herself into her skirt.

Marcella heard one of the boys run into the graveled park, but the other yelled at him. “She’s not there- it’s empty! Let’s keep going!” The pair continued running down the street, scanning front yards as they hunted rapaciously.

Marcella sighed blissfully as she finally finished wetting herself twenty seconds later. She crawled backwards out of the wet slide- there was a big puddle of her pee at the bottom. Soaked and exhausted, she knew she had to get out of there before those two good-for-nothing bastards came back. Quietly, she climbed over the wooden park fence and into a dark alley and started her wet walk home.

*008*2022-10-10 21:00

Thanks wiiguy, pguy, fuchsa, caraxes, and rinatro- love your comments!

*010*2022-10-16 12:40

Thanks Mipmixer! You have given me food for thought here for sure hmmmmmmmmm

