Omorashi in a love story

Author: fetisher

*000*2025-10-17 22:53

In his 23 years, David had several relationships behind him, but he had not yet met his true love. In the girls he was with, he didn't find that sex appeal, that irresistible thrill he dreamed of. His gaze often fell on women much older than him. They had those entire characteristics that girls at his age had not yet developed. Of course, he was clear that a relationship with such a woman would be very difficult and even impossible, but he never stopped hoping and looking for that.

Unexpectedly fate met him with a lady in her late thirties. Although she is fifteen years older, she grabbed his attention immediately with her mature behavior, a well-shaped body that exudes true femininity and looked much sexier than his age girls. Eve was 38 years old, a pretty, kind woman. She liked David and really enjoyed interacting with him. She was divorced and at a time when she was also looking for her soulmate. They got quickly into a friendship and not only that. The spark burned and they indulged in a romance. It didn't matter that they both realized there was no future in such a relationship. Both of them lived for the moment.

David was a university student who rented a small apartment. There they often spent time together. Eve came to visit him evenings after work day. Still in her business outfit David's eyes lit up every time he saw her at the doorway. She often wore skirts, usually above the knee but not too short. In combination with pantyhose she looked so attractive. Often just this kind of outfit provoked David to start their foreplay after greeting each other. He began caressing her bum through the skirt, then pushing her skirt up, slide a hand over her thighs and stroking between her legs through pantyhose and panties. 

Her underwear quickly got damp and David was impatiently trying to reach the edge of the pantyhose to get it down. Аt that moment she squeezed her legs for a moment and whispered in a sweet voice “I have to wee. Please, let me go to wee.” She always said that like a little girl who really needs to wee. She didn’t realize how sexy that phrase sounded to David. He got really aroused seeing Eve needing to wee. He tried to delay her a bit, but didn’t want to torture her and quickly let her go to the bathroom. Seconds later a loud hissing sound was spreading behind the bathroom door. David was listening from outside with great pleasure and imagined the view of the high pressure stream. He wanted so much to be inside and watch her peeing. That fetish was uniquely impressive to him, but he didn't feel confident sharing it with her, didn’t know what her reaction would be. She seemed a mature, confident lady, and her much older age respected him.

Eve had a long commute after work, passed by the shops and often arrived at David’s place with a strong need to pee. Usually, she tried her best not to show any signs of urgency, make it all effort to look fine. Only say to David, that she had to wee with her sweet female voice. She didn’t guess that David has a female desperation fetish and her complaint always had an arousing effect on him. There were times that her urges got stronger and David was enjoying discreetly on a subtle pee dance or other involuntary movements.

On one such occasion Eve came to David in visible discomfort. As she came in she seemed hurried and slightly worried. David quickly recognized that she had to pee and got interested. As greeted each other, he curiously asked her what’s going on with her. “I really need to wee!” – she replied and awkwardly smiled. David got aroused, watching her slightly dancing on the spot, as she trying to quickly unbutton her coat. His excitement was increased by her work dressed outfit. A knee length pencil skirt, flesh colored pantyhose and high heels made her appearance irresistible. 

The moment she took off her coat, she sharply bent her leg, rising her knee up. She remained in that pose, motionless and speechless for several seconds, obviously trying to regain control.This strongly attracted David’s attention. He fixed his gaze at her legs, and waited excitedly to see what would happen. “She is going to pee herself!” – David thought. Obviously, she had put off going to the bathroom for a very long time and now she was close to accident. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. She was not a little girl, but a cute mature lady who would pee herself in any moment.

The way she was holding, with her knee up, made her look incredibly sexy. Her tight skirt was stretched over the legs, baring up her thigh and highlighting the well-shaped bottom. David was so aroused by that sight, so he couldn't resist and grabbed her bottom and ran a hand over her thighs. His hand slid along the fine pantyhose, rummaging under the skirt, trying to reach her panties between her firmly clenched legs.

- Please, don't touch me now! I’m gonna wee myself! – she protested in squirming, trying not to lose control while at the same time he was sticking his hand more deeply under skirt.

Once she slightly regained control, she tried to walk towards the bathroom, but David was holding her.

- Please, let me go! I’m really going to wee myself! – she was desperately trying to break away from him.

He deliberately delayed her, really hope that she would lose control. But knowing he had tortured her and it was quite uncomfortable for her, he quickly let her go. She immediately rushed to the bathroom, lifting her skirt up. David looked closely at her butt, there were still no any wet stain. She just starting to pull down her pantyhose and was going to sit, when she slammed the door in front of David’s curious gaze. A second later, the sound of a powerful stream was heard behind the door. He really wanted to watch and hesitated whether to open the door and come in to her. But he wasn't sure whether she got nervous after all this prolonged holding. Her peeing lasted quite a long time. He hadn't heard her peeing so long before. After a while Eve came out visibly relaxed. She was still in her high heels, because she didn’t have time to take them off.

- Oh, It’s much much better! – Eve sighed and smiled with relief.

- Did you manage to get your panties down on time? – David was very curious if she had leaked at the last moment.

- I managed to get them down, but I was really close not to make it.

- Where have you been? Why you had been holding for that long time?

- I was at a work session, out of my office, all the afternoon.

- And there was not a bathroom there?

- It was not so convenient to use and I thought I could wait. But just heading to the train station, I realized that I made a big mistake.

- You were holding forty five minutes on the train! – David exclaimed.

- Not only on the train, but maybe from one hour before! At the train station was need it quite bad.

- You have an iron bladder! But it’s not good to holding so long time.

- I know, but I simply had no other choice. There was nowhere to go.

- There are some stores and shopping centers with bathrooms.

- You could get off at any station and look for a store or a mall…

- It crossed my mind, but it was not s urgency on the train. It got very bad, when I got off. Not to tell you how fast I walked to get here. And finally I almost pee myself, because of you.

Eve noticed how hardly aroused was David. She did not realized that it was caused by her desperate to pee story. David stared at her legs and imagined what would the pantyhose look like right now if she would pee herself. His thoughts were confirmed that she was very close to a real accident.

To be continued...

