Holding at the Hair Salon

Author: fullbladder420

*000*2025-09-06 09:14

Rae woke with a dull fullness in her bladder. She rolled onto her back and ran her fingers over its firm surface. She had been looking forward to today. Rae loves holding her bladder and testing it's limits. She loved the burning desperation of a bursting bladder, and loved holding whenever she got the chance. Today, she was getting her hair done and she planned on holding her morning pee until she got home. The last time she emptied her bladder was midnight the night before. Rae had a strong bladder and she felt confident she was gonna make it home. She checked her phone, *crap, it's already 10... I've gotta go soon*.

She got up out of bed and started getting dressed. Her bladder panged, expecting to be emptied. Not today. She put on her favourite black romper and tied the drawstring snugly over her protesting bladder. She finished getting ready and headed into the kitchen. She started to fill up her favourite water bottle and her bladder cramped painfully. She squeezed her legs together tightly as she fought the urge to pee. She finished getting ready and got in the car at 10:15 with her bladder settling down at 6/10.

She stopped at the drive-thru to get an iced coffee, which she finished before heading to the salon at 10:45. Her bladder felt snug in her pelvis now, asking nicely to be emptied. She pushed two fingers onto it gently, it felt firm like a water balloon, but not rock hard. Yet.

She sat down in the stylist's chair at 11 am, her stylist securing the cloak around her neck. The coffee was quickly making it's way down, Rae could feel the liquids sloshing around in her bladder. She needed a toilet urgently and she was savouring every bit of it. The stylist turned her chair around to wash her hair and leaning back sent a massive urge down to her pussy. She fought the urge to squirm and grab herself as the warm water ran through her long dark hair. Her bladder wasn't asking nicely anymore, it was screaming at her. She squeezed her muscles tightly as her bladder tried to force 11 hours worth of pee out of her.

Nevertheless, she sat perfectly still in her chair, with her hands in her lap, concealing her inner battle. The sound of the warm, rushing water was sending her bladder into a panic, *ohhh god I have to pee... fuck, keep it in, hold it, hold it...* she pleaded with herself internally. Her pussy was throbbing, desperately wanting to be squeezed, but Rae ignored the urge, keeping her hands on her lap. Finally the stylist finished washing her hair and began cutting her hair. Her bladder settled from a 9 to a 7.5 once the water was turned off, but still felt heavy in her abdomen.

Rae sat perfectly still while her hair was getting cut, making polite small talk with the stylist. The stylist meticulously layered Rae's hair, taking her time to get it perfect. Rae sat comfortably, savouring the fullness of her bladder. It was sending constant pulses down to her pussy. Subtly under the cloak she rubbed her bladder. It was firmer than it was in the car earlier, but she knew it could grow much bigger. She firmly pushed on it, sending a strong urge to her pussy. 

She let out a tiny leak, just enough to leave a few drops in her panties. Her bladder surged, getting excited to empty but Rae fought off the urge without another drop escaping. The wet spot on her panties was driving her so crazy, she was wet in more ways than one. Finally the stylist finished cutting and began blow drying her hair. Luckily it didn't take too long, and 20 minutes later it was time to get up to pay. The stylist removed the cloak, and after checking herself out in the mirror, Rae stood. Her bladder surged again, she wanted to cross her legs but didn't. She went to the till and paid for her haircut.

"By the way, do you guys have a bathroom here?" She asked the girl at the till.

"Oh, of course! Just around the corner to the right,",

"Thanks!" Rae said, and walked calmly towards bathroom. Her bladder cramped as soon as she laid eyes on the toilet but she controlled it. She entered the room and locked the door. She untied her romper and took it off to observe her bulge in the mirror. Now, at over 12 hours without a pee her bladder bulged out as if she was pregnant. It was firm under her touch, and barely indented a few centimeters when she pressed on it. She turned on the tap, still pressing on her bladder. She danced and squirmed freely now, grabbing herself tightly with her other hand. Her bladder was achingly full, desperately wanting to be emptied.

With the tap still on, she sat on the toilet wearing only her panties. Her bladder contracted frantically now, dying for relief. She grabbed herself tightly, squirming back and forth. She counted down from 100 slowly, savouring the aching fullness. Finally when she hit one, she released a one second leak into her panties. Now the wet spot was way bigger, near the size of an egg. Rae fought hard to keep the rest of her bladder inside, her bladder had a taste of relief and it was demanding more.

Rae squirmed and held her pussy tightly. She rubbed her clit over her wet panties, overcome with pleasure. Her bladder was far past when any reasonable person would hold for, and yet she sat right there on the toilet, not releasing another drop. She was so turned on she could've cum right there, but she stopped and redressed herself, tying the drawstring tight around her bursting bladder. She flushed the toilet and washed her hands, amidst her bladder's strong protests.

Rae left the bathroom, thanked the receptionist, and got in her car. Her bladder was a strong 9/10 now, but she knew she could keep holding it. She decided to stop at McDonald's and get a large 64 oz pop for the long drive home. She sipped at her drink steadily as she drove home, opting to take the longer scenic route than the highway.

She turned her music up and rolled the windows down, eager to enjoy the drive home. She kept her legs squeezed together tightly, sipping constantly at her drink. By the time she was halfway home, her drink was empty and her bladder was full. Actually, full isn't enough of a word, her bladder was SCREAMING, now 10/10 desperation. Rae couldn't sit still, she squirmed desperately in her seat, keeping one hand on the wheel and the other desperately between her legs. There was still 45 minutes left in the drive, and despite her desperation, Rae remained confident that she would make it home.

She had a bladder of steel that had never failed her before, but admittedly she was reaching new levels of desperation. Her bladder felt like a flaming bowling ball in her stomach, and all she could think about was her pounding need. She desperately wanted to untie her tight drawstring but didn't, knowing her bladder could handle it. Her entire body was on fire with the urge to pee. She held herself, fanned her legs, squirmed, squeezed, anything that gave her even a drop of relief.

"Ohhh fuck, my bladder's about to burst... God, I have to pee so badly," Rae mumbled to herself. She was throbbing in sheer need. She grabbed herself tightly as a massive wave of urgency came over her. She was doing everything she could to keep her bladder from bursting, but-

*PSHHH*

"FUCK! Fuckkk, oh, my god, please... " Rae pleaded desperately, fighting her own bladder for everything it was worth. She had never leaked by accident before. Now, Rae was scared, her bladder had never failed her before and there was still 30 minutes left in the drive. She squeezed herself, frantically squirming as much as she could. For the first time, she was genuinely fearing an accident. She sped up a little, desperately anticipating her release at home.

But, her bladder had different ideas. Small drops were constantly coming out as she drove as fast as she dared, regretting taking the long drive. Rae tried desperately to stop the small leaks from coming out, but the leaks just became more frantic. She fought for her life, not wanting to soak her seat. The drawstring was digging into her rock hard bladder, driving her crazy.

"Oh! Thank god!" She spotted a sign that read: REST STOP 5mi

Her bladder was sending her agonizing pangs, now knowing relief was so close, but so far... Just a few more minutes. She could make it. There was no way she would have an accident, her bladder was notoriously strong. She never used public bathrooms, she never needed to. She never even peed at work, even if it meant she was squirming on the car ride home. Her bladder was strong and never failed her. Now, knowing relief was close Rae had reached new levels of desperation. She was leaking drops every few seconds, grabbing, squirming, doing anything she could to contain her bladder for just a bit longer. Relief was the only thing on her mind as she sped towards the rest stop.

After a few more agonizing minutes, she finally spotted the pullout on the side of the road. Thankfully there were no other cars in the parking lot. She pulled in and quickly parked. Undoing her seatbelt took a small weight off her bladder, but her panties were completely soaked with pee and drops were still leaking out. Her bladder and urethra burned like hell. Rae got out of her car gingerly, trying not to fully wet herself. Everything within her longed to pee. She felt like her eyeballs were floating in pee. She looked around, making sure there was no one around for her desperate dash to the building. She walked as quickly as she could, but as she walked she felt drops running down her legs, sending her bladder into a spiral.

*please, please, please just a few more steps, I'm almost there...* Rae pleaded with her bladder, trying to get into that bathroom as fast as she could. Her bladder throbbed, demanding relief, now seconds away. Almost there, just around the corner and-

CLOSED

The big red letters made Rae's stomach drop. She couldn't pee here. Her bladder throbbed angrily, she danced around frantically.

*Fuck, I gotta pee so bad... how am I gonna make it another 20 minutes home? Fuck I'm not gonna make it,*

She had to pee so bad she was tearing up. It felt like there was an ocean inside her and she had nowhere to release it. She was so desperate she would take any toilet now. She couldn't stay still for even a second, desperately fighting against pee that was right there about to come out. She ran back to her car, searching frantically for anything she could pee in, but coming up empty handed.

*I've gotta let some out, I'm not gonna make it... what am I gonna do? There's nowhere to go!*

Unfortunately, her bladder made the decision for her. Against her best efforts, a big leak gushed into her panties. She squatted, trying to minimize damage but she was completely soaked. She pissed hard through her clothes, savouring her release for 5... 4... 3... 2... 1. She clamped down hard on her stream despite strong protest from her bladder. She had gushed easily 500mL in the parking lot but her bladder was still 9/10 and begging for it's release. Rae got back in the car and kept driving, now feeling confident she could make it the rest of the way home. The seatbelt sat snugly over her aching bladder as she sped down the road. One hand was glued between her jiggling legs at all times.

Her bladder throbbed inside her, desperately wanting to finish what it started earlier. 10 minutes down the road and Rae was doing everything she could to keep from wetting herself again. But she was more determined than ever to make it home. She was in pure agony holding what felt like an ocean inside her. Even when she held at home, she never got this desperate. The feeling thrilled her, but right now she was more concerned about having a full-blown accident. 3 more lights until her house. Almost there. She sped towards the first green light just it turned yellow and she had to slam on the brakes, causing her bladder to lurch with the car. While waiting she dove both her hands into her crotch, not caring who could see into her vehicle.

She bounced and fanned her legs frantically waiting for the light to turn green. When it did, she sped forward, lurching her bladder again but too far gone to care. She was doing everything she could to control her bladder, which now felt fuller than it did before she leaked in the parking lot 20 minutes ago. She sped through the next light with tears in her eyes, her bladder on the brink of bursting. She could feel the expanded walls of her tortured bladder pushing inside her, now holding 13 hours worth of boiling hot pee.

The last light was red. The car came to a stop and Rae could see the turn up to her street, sending her bladder into a frenzy. For the first time since the rest stop, a spurt shot into her panties. Her bladder cramped and throbbed painfully but she fought hard to control it for just another couple minutes. She was so close now. The light turned green and Rae drove up her street as fast as she safely could. She was the most desperate she had ever been in her life.

Her bladder was so painfully full it felt like drops were being forced out because there was absolutely no room left. Shaking like a leaf she pulled into her driveway, parked, and shot out of the car. She searched her bag frantically for her keys, doubled over and dancing for her life. There was a slow, steady stream coming out as she unlocked her door, fighting for her life to hold it. Every inch of her was on fire. She unlocked her door and stumbled into her house, her bladder on the brink of explosion. She bolted into the bathroom, still slowly leaking despite her best efforts. She went to rip off her romper but then-

Oops

Her drawstring was stuck.

Nonononono. She tried frantically to untie it, but it wouldn't budge.

"Ohhhh fuck, please, I need to pee..." Rae moaned. She danced frantically, desperately trying to get the relief she so desperately craved.

GUSHHH

"Fuck, fuck, fuck!! Hold it, hold it, please..." she cried,

GUSHHH PSHHH

Her bladder felt like it was about to literally burst inside her. It was so stretched and overfilled, even though Rae was doing everything she could to hold it -

GUSHHHHHHHHHHHH

Finally after over 13 hours of holding, her overtired, overfilled bladder gave way. For the first time ever, Rae had a complete accident standing right in front of the toilet. She stood there for over 2 minutes while her bladder slowly deflated, savouring her relief.

Thanks for reading!

