Workplace Consequences

Author: Fuchsa9073

*000*2020-08-18 15:55

Amy Shaw nervously open the door to the human resources office and slowly walked in, her stomach tense with dread. Amy had worked for DataCorp for five years, this was her first time being written up.

DataCorp was a large corporation of about 850 employees, it had a reputation for harsh discipline of its staff. DataCorp humiliated wayward employees by publicly posting discipline records and making employees wear a special uniform shirt if they were on disciplinary probation. Nearly every week an email was sent to all employees detailing the suspension or termination of an under-performing co-worker.

As Amy handed the yellow paper to the secretary she was too ashamed to make eye contact. It was humiliating enough to be sent to the company office with a disciplinary referral, it was even worse that she was doing it in wet pants. As the secretary began processing the disciplinary referral form, Amy wiped a tear from her face, but there was no wiping the urine streaks from her pants legs.

Amy shivered in embarrassment as the secretary picked up the phone and spoke to the HR director. "I have Amy Shaw here with a discipline referral. She is charged with violating the Hygiene Policy.....Yes ma'am, it's visible...very visible! I'll take the evidence photos then bring her in."

The sectetary stood up and motioned Amy to a spot against the wall. "I am required to take photos to document your offense. The first photo will be from the front, please stand still." Amy looked at the floor as the shutter clicked. "I need you to look at the camera during this." Reluctantly, Amy looked up so her face could be seen in the photo. Amy was then directed to turn around and face the wall. She sniffled as the secretary photographed her soaked butt.

"Follow me, you will now report to Mrs. Ashcroft." Amy was led down the hall and ushered into the office of the HR Director.

Taking the yellow discipline form from the secretary's hand, Mrs. Ashcroft shook her head in disgust as she looked at Amy. "It's so dissapointing to see a grown woman in such a state." she commented as her secretary was leaving.

As the secretary walked out and closed the door, Mrs. Ashcroft walked closer to Amy and inspected her clothes from both the front and the rear. Amy was wearing a green polo shirt with the company logo (the uniform for low level employees in good standing) and light blue jeans that hugged her butt and thighs. The light blue denim did nothing to hide the urine that had saturated her crotch and buttocks, then had run down the inside of her thighs and calves. Amy could even feel that her socks had been drenched and her shoes still had urine in them.

"The discipline referral from your supervisor indicates that you seemed distracted all morning and that a few minutes before the approved mid-morning break you left your cubicle and began to rush out of your work area. When you were found in the hallway you were urinating on yourself. The discipline referral form only lists a violation of the Hygiene Policy, explain to me why I shouldn't add a charge of leaving your workstation without permission? "

"I um, ah, er..." Amy couldn't find words to make an excuse. She looked at Mrs. Ashcroft as tears began to form again.

"Your personnel file tells me you are 32 years old; far to old to be urinating in your pants! I don't see any mention of a medical condition requiring special toilet access. Since you have nothing to say for yourself, I have no reason to be lenient with you."

Amy begged, "Please, I didn't mean to have an accident! I started a new diet over the weekend that involves drinking a lot of water and I haven't gotten my restroom timing figured out yet. I was trying to make it to the scheduled mid morning break, but I just couldn't make it. I didn't want to pee on my chair or to get pee on the carpet at my work station so I ran the restroom when I felt the first leak into my panties. It just came out so fast that I couldn't make it any farther than the hall. It was an accident. Please don't punish me!"

"Improper planning, is hardly considered an 'accident'! There is no excuse for a healthy woman to urinate on herself in the workplace! I see no prior disciplinary action in your file so you will not be terminated for today's offense, but I will be making an example of you with the other employees!"

Amy fidgeted as Mrs. Ashcroft finished filling out the discipline record. After several uncomfortable minutes Amy heard Mrs. Ashcroft speak again.

"I need to be stern with you, so you understand how inappropriare your actions were for the workplace. I also feel your coworkers could learn a lesson by observing the discipline you will be receiving.

"For the remainder of the work day you are required to be placed on display in your soiled clothing in places where your coworkers are likely to observe you in your disgraceful state. At lunch time you will stand near the entrance to the cafeteria. During mid-afternoon break you will stand near the employee restrooms. At the end of the work day you will be displayed at the exit leading to the employee parking ramp.

"For the next 12 months you're placed on disciplinary status. You are required to where an orange shirt which will signify to your coworkers that you are being disciplined. For the next 12 months you will receive a 15% reduction in pay and you are ineligible for any bonuses. You are ineligible to apply for a promotion for during that time. Any policy infraction during that time may qualify for termination, no matter how minor the offense.

"For one year a copy of the disciplinary action will be publicly posted outside your workstation along with the evidence photos that were taken. The disciplinary action and photos will also be emailed company-wide to each of DataCorp's employees to make certain they are aware of the consequences for violating the Hygiene Policy.

"You are required to write an article for the monthly DataCorp employee newsletter. This article must describe the importance of the Hygiene Policy , the circumstances of your violation, the consequences you are enduring for violating the policy, and the lessons you have learned from these consequences.

"Security will escort you to the employee cafeteria to begin your public display. You are dismissed!"

Amy's jaw dropped in disbelief as she was told her punishment. She had assumed she would be sent home for the day, and have a reprimand in her file, but she never could have imagined these consequences!

Amy was mortified at being required to stand on display in her wet jeans for the rest of the day. She despised the thought of having to write about her shame in the company newsletter. She was devestated to hear the photos of her wet front and rear we're going to be emailed to each employee, then posted for a year as a reminder to any co-worker who walked by. Amy couldn't comprehend enormous humiliation she was about to experience!

As Amy turned to walk out of Mrs. Ashcroft's office she could feel the cold, clammy,itchy denim as it clung to her body. As she trudged uncomfortably out of the office she was too stunned to even cry as the security guard grabed her arm to begin walking her to the cafeteria to begin the most degrading experience of her life.

