Peed in panties

Author: Fetishguy72

*000*2023-08-05 01:05

I first met my boyfriend at work. We both worked in marketing and I thought he was good looking and we would speak casually here and there but nothing more than that. I moved on to another company but I would see him at different events and conferences and sometimes bars which resulted in us getting to know each other better. One night we planned to meet up at a popular bar, it was a hectic week, some of my other friends were there and they began buying me drinks. I was feeling pretty good and looking pretty good I must say. In my blue dress.With the alcohol flowing, the pee began flowing... into my blue panties. I didn't care though, the bathroom lines were too long and it made me feel naughty. By the time my 'not yet boyfriend' showed up I was fairly drunk. We had a good time and hung out until closing. 

Afterwards we went outside to a quiet area and sat on a bench and talked and kissed and I began rubbing his crotch and soon I reached into his pants and rubbed some more. He reached under my dress and found my soaked panties. He said 'someone's wet'. I can hardly believe my response, but you know- alcohol. I said ' yeah the lines were too long and I peed myself' He kept his hand on my crotch, but he used his other hand to try to stop me from rubbing his dick, but it was too late. He blew his load right into his boxers. I said 'I guess I'm not the only one who has to change their underwear'. He was sooo embarrassed and I was sooo turned on. I told him how hot that was and to not be embarrassed at all.

We decided to go back to his place. I left my car there in the parking lot and we walked a few blocks to his apartment. By the time we got there I was bursting to pee again. I was squirming in the elevator and as he unlocked his door. I rushed to the bathroom spurting in my panties along the way. We were both so turned on that we began taking each other's clothes off. I kept my panties on though, had him lay on the bed as I climbed on top and pulled my panties to the side and straddled him with my wet thighs and began to ride him. He was gripping my hips trying to slow me down. Poor guy, he was about to cum again and couldn't hold his load. He shot it deep inside me in no time at all. We both passed out quickly after. I woke up a couple of hours later needing to pee.

I was in a panic at first because my panties and sheets were wet and I thought I peed the bed. I realized it was pee from earlier and his creampie. I got up and went to the bathroom and laid my panties on the air conditioner. He woke up as I was coming back to bed to use the bathroom. And I was thinking, even though me making him cum was a turn on, I was a little unsatisfied and began to wonder if he was just really turned on or was he normally a premature ejaculator. So I pulled him towards me and spread my legs and he got on top of me,this time and he did not disappoint. We had great sex and fell back to sleep. The next morning I grabbed my panties, which were dry at that point with a big pee stain in the crotch. We finished getting dressed, he walked me back to my car and we've been have great sex ever since.

