Couples' Counselling

Author: fullbladder

*000*2024-01-16 01:18

Minka quietly followed her girlfriend, Bree, through the door of the small office. The fifteen-minute walk there had been a relatively silent one, probably the quietest walk they had ever had together. Minka couldn’t believe their three-year relationship was nearly at its end. It was easy to pinpoint the one moment when things had finally crumbled- the night after their big fight. The night Minka had stormed off to the pub to down way many drinks. The night Minka had drunk-dialed a bunch of old flings to complain about her lover. The night Minka had taken a Lyft ride to her ex-girlfriend’s place. The night Minka had spent in her ex’s bed.

Minka, in a deep slumber after a very long night, had been shaken awake by an outraged Chloe. She had wet the bed- she could feel the warm wetness on her stomach, butt and legs. Her head pounding as her ex screamed at her, Minka had taken a quick peek under the covers. Her violet cotton panties were drenched, along with the expensive white bedsheets. The smell of pee had filled her nostrils as she had moved to get to the bathroom. Despite her accident, she had still needed to pee quite badly- she had drunk way too much the night before. Her bladder had emptied and filled to capacity once again- in the same night.

Raising her hand in Chloe’s direction in an effort to silence her, Minka had groggily walked past the hysterical woman to the bathroom. The act had only enraged Chloe further, and she had followed her ex-lover of eight months to the toilet, thwarting her half-efforted attempt to shut the door. Too hungover and desperate to care about anything Chloe was saying, Minka had lowered her drenched panties to her knees and sat down on the toilet seat. Even with her throbbing headache, peeing had lifted some of the stress on her 25-year-old body. She had sighed audibly and Chloe had finally stopped yelling, realizing not a single word was sinking into Minka’s head.

Chloe had thrown up her hands in frustration, fighting the urge to slap Minka as she blissfully peed. She had thrown on some clothes and stormed off to work, unwilling to spend one more moment with her dumb bed-wetting ex. Minka had ditched her wet panties on the bathroom floor and returned to the soiled bed after a few hungry gulps of water from the tap. Her headache had immediately lessened and she had fallen asleep in seconds, stark naked on top of the wet sheets.

When she woke up again, the severe ramifications of her actions had finally hit Minka. It was noon on a Wednesday- her coworkers were probably wondering where she was. She had cheated on Bree with her ex. She had peed her ex’s bed. Minka had rushed to the bathroom for yet another desperate pee before quickly redressing- she opted to toss her wet panties into a plastic bag and go commando under her tight jeans. She scribbled a quick note, “Sorry! Here’s cash for drycleaning”, and placed a $50 bill on top of it. She knew Chloe wouldn’t appreciate the gesture, or the money for that matter, but it was the least she could do in the moment.

Minka had rushed home to wait for her girlfriend, fearing it was the end of their relationship. When Bree had gotten home, Minka had confessed everything. Bree had turned to leave, just as Minka had done the night before, but her teary lover had stopped her. Minka had begged her for another chance, even revealing her soaked panties to prove that the entire affair had been nothing but a drunken mistake. Bree finally agreed to stay, but sentenced Minka to the couch for the rest of the week and told her to book couples’ counselling sessions if she was truly interested in amending their relationship.

The next day, Minka had asked Shaun, her coworker- he had confided in her that he and his wife had gone to couples’ therapy last year. He was happy to give her Dr. Vira’s phone number, but did so with a naughty wink in his eye. “She’s great, I’m sure you two will love her.”

*002*2024-01-22 08:48

The first thing Minka noticed about the small office was the sweet smell of burning incense filling her nostrils, an immediate calming influence after the tense walk in. Next, the soft, soothing sound of flowing water filled her ears as the women passed through a secondary barrier a couple feet inside the entrance door- a thick set of multi-colored threads which dangled from the eight-foot ceiling, denying any view from the glass door into private counseling sessions.

The entrance door slowly closed and automatically locked with a telling click as the couple took in the cozy but alarming scene. The small, circular, office space was full of character, unique in every way imaginable. A seemingly random mix of rich color decorated the walls and ceiling of the dimly-lit room- blood red, lavender purple, jungle green, and the rare splatter of white. Massive darkly-tinted windows graced the office’s east wall, while an impressive mantle and fireplace (complete with a roaring fire) completed the west region. The black tiled floor was covered with rugs of varied textures, shapes, and sizes, seemingly collected from all around the world.

However, the central attraction of the space, aside from the even-more interesting woman there, was a formidable 5-foot white marble waterfall. It flowed tirelessly, boldly filling the small room with its naturally therapeutic sound. To complete the exotic, peaceful ambience, soft sitar music playfully danced with the flowing waterfall, and a pair of incense sticks burned next to a teapot set on a small table near the windows. Surprisingly, the room lacked all other furniture.

A pretty woman, seemingly in her late-thirties or early-forties, sat cross-legged on a floor cushion, her eyes shut in a calm, meditative bliss. Her relaxed posture alerted ever so slightly as she opened her eyes in acknowledgement of the lesbian couple entering her office.

“Oh, you’re early- I was just about to relieve myself before our time together started.” Dr. Vira spoke with a radiating peace which always helped soothe her troubled patients.

It took a moment for the therapist’s unusually direct words to register. A large empty mug rested in front of her- she had obviously drunk from it over the course of the morning and now needed to pee.

Bree spoke up. “It’s okay, we can wai-“

“Gosh, I fear I have completely forgotten my manners- this session is really yours and not mine.” The fit lady effortlessly rose to her feet, smoothing out her beautiful ocean-blue Hawaiian skirt in the same motion. “Namaste, the degrees on the mantle say I am Dr. Vira, but you may call me Simi.”

As Minka and Bree introduced themselves, Simi led them to the teapot and poured them hot cups of tea. She then retrieved her own mug, at least twice as voluminous as the couple’s teacups, and filled it to the brim. Finally, she walked the teapot to the waterfall, pushed it into the flowing water and waited until it was full again. With the insertion of a fresh teabag, the pot was plugged in again- it would be able to serve tea again in five minutes.

Simi invited the ladies to sit down on one of the other cushions placed near the waterfall and returned to her own seat. Minka stared as the therapist took several big gulps from her mug, her need to urinate seemingly no longer an issue. What a peculiar woman! And yet, very attractive at the same time!

Simi reached out her arms, inviting the two ladies to hold her hands. “Hello Bree, hello Minka. It is my pleasure to spend some time with you today- thank you so much for giving me this privilege.”

She paused, allowing the younger women to smile and nod in agreement. “I’m Dr. Simi Vira and I describe myself as a water therapist. I believe that water can play a part in healing all of us- this is why I have shared with you, my tea.”

Simi gestured towards the cups and lifted her own mug to her lips to take another big gulp. Minka and Bree sipped their own drinks- it truly was a great tea, with a strong flavor of cinnamon and honey.

“We ourselves are water- 60% of our bodies are water and yet, we need more of it. We need to consume it to survive, and we must expel it to cleanse us. Water is truly the essence of all life- the surface of our home, Mother Earth, is 71% water. She needs the rains from the heavens above for her children, the trees and plants, to grow. Then, we, along with our fellow animal brothers and sisters, can gather foods to nourish ourselves.”

Minka anxiously snuck a quick glance at Bree as Simi spoke. It seemed like she had made a truly grave mistake making an appointment with this crazy shrink. Her relationship was on the rocks and she had somehow left fixing their problems to a nutcase! Hopefully, Bree would be willing to give her a chance with another councilor. It didn’t look good- Bree’s gaze was locked on Simi and she was refusing to look over at her girlfriend, not even for one second!

“As I have already told you, I need to relieve myself. However, part of our discipline as adult women is waiting for an appropriate moment to allow for our water be released from our bodies. Hence, out of respect for you both, I will now wait for the right time to pass my excess water- hopefully after our work together is done today. However, I do hope you will forgive me if I need to excuse myself prematurely. At the end of the day, our discipline is highly secondary to nature. We can not stop our urine from flowing into our bladders any more than we can stop the ocean's tide from flowing into the shore. And so, once my own bladder is full enough, I will need to empty it. Otherwise, I will surely find myself sitting on a wet cushion in a wet skirt- that is simply a matter of fact, a steadfast rule of nature.”

She paused to shift uncomfortably on her cushion. “So please, kindly ignore my failure to relieve myself in a responsible manner- I should have peed before you arrived here for your session. I have made a truly childish mistake. However, to make amends, I will try my best to hold in my pee until our session together ends. As we continue drinking more tea together, I will undoubtedly shift around helplessly and hold my pussy like a little schoolgirl but please ignore my indiscretions and continue with the session. My severe discomfort will be merely my issue, my punishment for being undisciplined.”

The two ladies stared on, wordlessly and in shock- what the hell was going on?

*005*2024-02-15 00:33

I will definitely continue- thanks for the sudden burst of support. I'm just super busy at the moment with work, so it might be a few weeks- but I WILL continue, rest assured!

*008*2024-03-23 05:12

{{On 3/15/2024 at 9:14 PM, warham1995 said:

Please continue the story?

}}

Sorry for the delays- I know it sucks! Luckily it looks like my schedule will be lightening up just a little in about a week. Early to mid April- promise!

*010*2024-04-11 06:15

As the highly unorthodox therapy session continued on, Bree and Minka could hardly focus on their own words. As they spoke, their eyes were glued on their hopelessly desperate therapist, who urged them to continue discussing their relationship. Staying on track certainly had its challenges as Simi’s constant shifting quickly progressed to loud gasps and openly pressing on her crotch through the thin material of the skirt. Despite her severely desperate state, the fit woman continued gulping from her large mug until it was once again empty.

As Minka finally wrapped up the long saga with a vivid description of her bedwetting accident whilst in a drunk slumber next to her ex-girlfriend, Simi only moaned in response. Her calm cross-legged pose had long transformed into a more vulgar one. She was sitting on knees with her butt cheeks bouncing off the bottoms of her bare feet as she helplessly bounced up and down, her hands gripping her womanhood tightly.

“Excuse… me! I really need to…” Simi struggled to speak as she scrambled clumsily to her feet. There was a noticeable wet spot on the khaki floor cushion- it was obvious that she had already leaked into her panties.

Remembering her manners even when needing a toilet so badly, she invited the two ladies to join. “Please! Join me- please!”

She rushed behind them and pulled down her wet skirt and panties in front of the water fountain. The glistening wetness could be seen on her legs as her pussy continued releasing her lake of pent-up urine- one involuntary squirt at a time. Simi moaned with overwhelming relief as she leaned forward and directed her stream into the waterfall. A mighty stream erupted from her exotic body as she finally relaxed. Her head tilted back and eyes naturally closed in bliss as the burden of holding in her pee all morning was finally lifted from her exhausted bladder. After a long minute of peeing full force, she shivered pleasurably and squirted out the last few bursts.

“Ohhhhhh, such relief…” She moaned as she wriggled to shake the last few drops off her vagina onto the white base of the fountain. Predictably, a puddle had formed there as a woman’s aim always has its flaws.

After peeing, Simi turned away from the fountain and looked for her skirt, as if she had just done the most normal thing in the world. She apologized as she retrieved her soiled clothing from the floor, not two feet from where Bree and Minka sat. “I’m so very sorry for interrupting our session, but I was wetting myself.”

She paused momentarily to separate the peacock blue bikini cut panties from her skirt to hold them up, revealing its wet crotch. “I tried to hold on as long as I could while you both shared your lives with me, but I started leaking. I believe I had mere seconds before my body completely voided its excess waters and, thus, soaked you in my flood.”

She continued speaking as she gave her wet panties a toss into the pee puddle on the ledge of the water fountain and proceeded to pull her skirt up over her clean-shaven pussy. “Regardless, I apologize once again for my childish behaviour. May I interest the two of you in some more tea?”

The girls’ attention diverted briefly to the water fountain next to her. The same fountain that had been circulating the water that had filled the teapot earlier and their shrink had just peed into.

Bree finally spoke up. “Do you always, um, pee like that? Into the fountain?”

Simi smiled and spread her arms out warmly. “Yes, of course- as do my guests. There is no toilet here, only our beautiful fountain.”

The ladies looked at the empty mugs in front of them. It was Minka’s turn to ask an uncomfortable question. “But the tea- we drank it and you got the water from…”

Simi laughed. “Yes, but don’t worry! There is a powerful filter in the fountain. After we boil the water in the teapot, it is completely safe for consumption!”

Bree’s face reddened with outrage. “That is DISGUSTING! I’m not drinking another woman’s pee! Oh my God, you are INSANE!”

Simi held her calm composure. “As I’ve said, water is clean, not dirty. We must embrace water and encourage it flow through us- only then will we find inner peace. Water is not ours- it is shared. We should not think of water from other women as disgusting.”

Bree glared at her in a stunned silence as Minka attempted to diffuse the situation. “Well, there can be different thoughts on that for sure…”

Simi clapped her hands. “Actually, let’s stop here today and you both can take a few days to decide if this is right for you. If you do decide to keep going, please drink four tall glasses of water each an hour before our session together. If I see you next Monday at 10:00, I will be happy to continue on with you. If not, I wish you nothing but the best in your relationship. Now, if you excuse me, I am quite thirsty and must rehydrate- perhaps even change into fresh underwear and pants before my next session. Thank you both dearly for today- namaste.”

She graciously bowed her head and joined her hands together before retrieving her mug and walking over to the teapot again. Bree and Minka’s first water therapy session had concluded.

*012*2024-04-17 07:09

The next week was a rocky one for Bree and Minka, to say the least. Bree repeatedly expressed her disgust over what they had been through, vowing to never see Dr. Simi ever again. Minka half-heartedly agreed with her, grateful that at least her lover’s fiery anger was now at least partially directed at someone else. Despite all of that, Minka wanted nothing more than for the two of them being back in that unorthodox little office the following Monday. She had brought up the idea of giving Simi one more chance but had been quickly shot down by Bree. Minka then knew that she had to keep her newfound desires to herself- at least for now.

So, Minka resorted to thinking… and fantasizing. Her naughty mind drifted back to a week ago when she had pissed her ex-girlfriend’s bed. And the wonderful mix of shame and excitement she had felt waking up wet. Then there was the incredible therapy session- their super-exotic shrink helplessly peeing her skirt in front of them before releasing her pee into the pretty waterfall. Minka thought about how great it might be to drink the hot pee straight from the source- the middle-aged woman’s pretty brown pussy.

By Saturday, she could take no more. Bree was taking a professional development class at a local college so Minka decided to capitalize on the opportunity- she had the condo all to herself! Not a minute after Bree had left, Minka downed three tall glasses of water in rapid succession. Then, large water bottle in hand, she made her way to the liquor store six blocks away- she didn’t want to drink out of their shared wine collection as missing alcohol could alarm Bree. Plus, filling up her bladder in public had its own perks!

As planned, half of the 750ml water bottle was finished as she entered the liquor store in her skimpy white tank top and hot pink shorts which barely covered her fit butt. Since she had forgone throwing on a bra, the slight chill in the air was enough to cause her perky nipples to poke through the thin cotton fabric. She loved dressing slutty- having her perfect round 32C breasts admired by men and women on the street was such a turn on!

Minka tossed a friendly “hi” to the attractive young cashier, making sure she looked up from her phone to check her slightly older customer out. As it was a quiet morning inside the store (Minka was the day’s first shopper), Kim was texting her boyfriend, bff, and mom simultaneously to pass time. Feeling the initial filling of her bladder, Minka causally strode past the 21-year-old to explore the store's red wine options. In reality, she didn’t really care which bottle she ended up with- the real fun was sipping some more water as her tummy bulged out a bit more with each passing minute.

She casually crossed her legs as she read a few more labels, wondering how badly she would need to go by the time she arrived home. Perhaps, she would be able to take the elevator up, pour herself a glass of wine, and drink it before she soaked her shorts. Or maybe she would be bursting to the point of a desperate dash into her shower before she made a puddle on their wood floor. It was hard to tell at this stage- this was a very exciting mystery which would surely play out during the fifteen-minute walk home! Minka eagerly gulped down more water before picking a random half-liter wine bottle off the shelf.

Kim flashed her customer a quick but warm smile as she rang up the bottle of wine. Minka smiled back and naughtily danced a little jig in place as she paid with her phone. “Gotta pee! Girl problems, you know?” She joked, hoping Kim would respond in kind.

“Haha yeah, I know all about that. I’ll let you use the toilet in the back if the situation's too bad. My manager won’t be here for a while so it should be fine.” She took a timely glance past Minka to check the entrance behind her.

Minka pretended to consider the idea then waved her hand. “Nah, I live nearby- I’ll be fine. I’m a big girl!” She giggled as she picked the bag up off the counter.

“OK, hold it and walk quick then- don’t want to be caught short!” Kim laughed then blushed at her own awkwardness.

Minka took it in stride, happy with the flirtatious interaction. “Yeah, of course! Thanks- have a great day!”

“You too!” Minka heard the friendly response as she turned to exit the store. Both hands were full, so she shouldered the glass door open and stepped outside into the sun once again. Realizing that it was an opportune moment to empty her 1/4 full water bottle, Minka did just that and tossed it into the plastic bag, with the wine.

Her bladder seemed to fill at a torrid pace as she walked home. This was highly expected, as she had very quickly downed nearly two liters of water on an empty stomach. Feeling worried about how quickly her bladder was filling, Minka quickened her pace. As exciting as a full bladder in public was, having a wetting accident in broad daylight in front of her neighbors was not a good idea.

Minka was bursting by the time she reached their building. After scanning her surroundings and finding them vacant, she pushed her left hand into her crotch as she struggled to unlock the door. Keys and keyholes sure had a way of making a gal’s full bladder problem drastically worse! She gasped as she hobbled inside and walked to the elevator. She was truly on the verge of leaking into her sky-blue panties. How had her bladder filled this fast?

She squirmed uncomfortably on the spot as the elevator finally arrived. Out of fear of someone exiting as the doors opened, she released the grip on her crotch and stood awkwardly in place with her knees jammed together. Despite her attempt at maintaining a bit of dignity, it was painfully obvious to anyone that this attractive young woman needed to pee really really badly.

Minka tried to straighten up as an elderly couple slowly walked out of the elevator together, wishing her a good morning. “Damn old people and their morning walks!” she thought to herself as she was finally able to step past them and push the button for the eighth floor. She had her hand in crotch again as the elevator started moving with a lurch. The minor movement caused her to leak briefly into her underwear and, gasping, she tightened the grip on her vulva.

Luckily, the elevator got to her floor without stopping and she thanked her lucky stars with a quick prayer. “Oh God, thank you- I need to peeeeeeee! Please let me peeeeee!” She muttered to herself as the doors in front of her opened and she rushed down the hall to her condo.

A second spurt escaped her tortured urethra as she tried to unlock her door, dancing desperately in place. Fortunately, the bathroom was just inside the door. She slammed the door behind her as she kicked off her shoes and rushed into the bathroom, plastic bag still in hand. She started peeing uncontrollably just as she hopped into the shower. Her hot pee flooded her panties and shorts; she moaned as overwhelming relief ran through her body. The warmth felt unbelievably pleasurable as she drenched her legs. She turned to face the full-length mirror as she continued having a massive accident, admiring the giant wet spot on her shorts and clear waterfall flowing down her legs, drenching her socks, and into the shower drain.

As she finished peeing, she nearly collapsed from the orgasmic relief and placed her hand on the tiled wall to stay upright. She had done it- she had helplessly wet herself after drinking way too much water and going out in public. And even more exciting- she had just barely managed to make it home! She had gotten to her bathroom just in time to drench her shorts! How close she had been to a public accident!

Minka reached down to her crotch again to rub herself through her wet shorts then opted to just stick her hand into them to masturbate through her pissy panties. She was truly horny beyond grief. Her rubbing intensified and she closed her eyes. She couldn’t help from gasping and yelping as she rubbed her pussy, on her way to the most powerful orgasm she had in a long time, maybe ever.

As she climaxed after three minutes of furious self-pleasure, she moaned and collapsed down to the floor of the shower, breathing heavily. Unfortunately, her bliss was very short-lived. She heard the outside door swing open and then footsteps walking in her direction. Minka stood up in a panic, her soiled shorts now at her thighs, and her wet panties still on her hips.

“Minka? Are you okay? I heard…” Bree’s voice trialed off as she entered the bathroom to discover her wet, humiliated girlfriend.

*013*2024-04-19 00:40

As the two ladies walked to their shrink’s office a second time, Minka reflected on the craziness they had experienced that weekend. After her girlfriend had discovered her in pissed clothes that eventful Saturday morning, Minka had tried to claim that she had accidentally turned on the shower with her clothes on, an obvious lie. After Bree had threatened to leave for good, Minka had finally come clean. She had been turned on by Simi at their last therapy session and had wanted to explore pee play further. Bree had questioned if she found their therapist hot and Minka had tearfully explained that the only person she wanted to fulfill her sexual desires with was Bree.

They had retrieved the bottle of wine from the floor of the shower and drunk it together. This naturally led to a whole lot of peeing together- Bree on the toilet and Minka in the shower. After some more of Minka’s begging the next day, Bree had finally caved and agreed to continue with the therapy. At 9:00 sharp, the girls drank the required four glasses of water together and got dressed. By the time they left home at 9:45, Minka was already feeling a slight need to pee. She asked Bree if she felt a need to go, but got a quick “no” in response. Bree was a couple inches taller than Minka and about twenty pounds heavier, so it made sense that she had a larger bladder.

Bree could hardly believe that she was on her way to see Dr. Simi Vira again, after drinking her pee tea last time. Oh well, she would just make sure she didn’t drink any tea! She need not have worried. When they walked in, a cleaning crew was hard at work scrubbing and hosing down the fountain. By the looks of it, they were just finishing up- an attractive young woman was packing up the power washer.

Simi, leisurely observing the two sweaty men in baby blue uniforms hard at work, noticed the women enter her office and immediately gestured them over to the table with the kettle on it. A sealed four-liter water bottle sat next to the kettle.

“Namaste.” Simi greeted them with a respectful bow. “I am so blessed to see you two again and do apologize for our last session. To honor your wishes, I have had the fountain cleaned and purchased fresh water for us to share. Bree, would you kindly accept my tea today?”

Bree’s face reddened in embarrassment as she recollected the tantrum she had thrown last week and she accepted Simi’s offer with a quick nod. Simi thanked her and lifted the lid off the empty kettle before opening the new water bottle. As she filled the kettle and turned it on, the gentle roar of the waterwall resumed- the men had finished cleaning and were now helping their female coworker pack up.

“The tea will be ready in just a moment- let us now begin our session.” Simi gracefully walked to her cushion and sat down on it. The ladies followed her to their own seats near the fountain.

Simi paused a moment until the office door closed behind the tall handsome African-American man and then directed her attention off his butt to her patients. “Now that we are alone, let’s discuss what has happened since we last met.”

After slight hesitation lasting a few awkward seconds, Minka began discussing her wet experimenting and how Bree had walked in on her after her class had been abruptly cancelled due to a family emergency for the instructor. There was a long pause after she finally stopped speaking three minutes later. Minka’s face was beet red as she relived the embarrassment of pissing her shorts and pleasuring herself to an earth-shattering orgasm.

Simi reached out her palms inviting Minka to hold her hands. As she accepted, the doctor spoke. “Thank you so much for sharing that, Minka. Remember that there are no judgements here, only truths. We must remember that water is reflective, and as we engage with it, accept it- we learn truths about ourselves. Things that we did not see until we truly looked into the water.”

She turned to Bree and released Minka’s hands. “And how did your partner’s actions make you feel?”

Bree chewed her lip. “At first, I was upset that she was fantasizing about something which you revealed to her- I felt betrayed like maybe I wasn’t enough for her, that she wanted to be with someone else.”

Once again, there was a pause before Simi spoke. “Bree, Minka- I assure you my only intention is to help you both, not come between you. Do you realize that, Bree?”

Bree nodded. “Yes, I eventually realized she wanted to do these… pee activities with me and not you.”

“And how do you feel about that?” Simi leaned forward ever so slightly as she posed the question.

“Well, we peed together a few times after that- I didn’t mind any of it.” Bree lowered her gaze to the floor, embarrassed that such dirty sexual activity was acceptable to her.

“OK, that’s progress. I’d like to try something different today? Are you both okay with that?” Simi rose from her cushion- the tea was ready.

The girls approved and, in utter surprise, Simi lowered her red-orange skirt, revealing pink lingerie panties. Then she stripped off her maroon blouse, revealing a matching bra. “I am in the mood for a soak in the fountain today and I would love for Bree to join me.”

She reached down to Bree, who allowed herself to be lifted up to her feet. Simi took a step closer and began unbuttoning her light green blouse, exposing her 38D breasts dressed in a black bra. Once that was gone, she pulled down her patient’s purple sweatpants, revealing her grey full-cut panties.

Minka felt hopelessly turned on as she watched her girlfriend get undressed by her very hot therapist. Her filling bladder only served to “W-wait! What about me?”

“For you, I would lean towards practicing of service. Water serves all of us- we need to drink it to survive, obviously. But we also use it to travel, to grow our food, to produce energy- many many things. Bree has tried to partake in your desires despite your infidelity. In turn, you must also do something for her.”

“Sure, anything!” Minka quicky agreed. The light nagging from her bladder had quickly grown to a more urgent warning over the past five minutes. She was hoping for a chance to relieve herself soon- otherwise she was surely going to suffer a humiliating walk home in wet pants!

“As we enjoy our soak, you will serve us tea, give us clean towels, and anything else we may need. It is important that you are present and available at all times. Since you will be drinking tea with us, you will eventually need to urinate, so I have left an adult diaper for you near the fireplace. It should be nice and warm by now- please take off your clothes and put on your diaper.”

Minka, unbearably horny again, didn’t need to be asked twice. She made her way to the fireplace and ripped off her clothes, including her sticky wet panties. As she stepped into the diaper and pulled it up, she turned to watch the two gorgeous, nearly-naked women ease themselves into the cold water. Could life get any better than this?

*015*2024-04-20 21:13

As Bree lowered herself onto the ledge inside the waterfall, the natural urge to void her bladder through her panties hit her. However, remembering that the waterfall had just been cleaned and she had made a giant fuss about Simi peeing in it last time, Bree squeezed her legs together and held in her urine. Being submerged up to her waist in cold water with the noisy fountain in front of her was sheer torture.

Due to the small size of the structure, the ladies sat awkwardly next to each other, their sides touching. Simi sat at an angle, with her crossed feet up on the other side of the submerged circular ledge her butt rested on. Her eyes were closed as Bree sat more traditionally, with her clinched knees bobbing up and down in front of her as her desperation mounted.

As Minka began preparing their first three cups of tea, Simi spoke over the light roar of the waterfall. “How are you feeling, Bree?”

Bree stopped herself from revealing her severe need to urinate. “I- I’m fine- just enjoying this beautiful fountain.” She willed herself to stop her knees from moving.

“I’m glad you like it. Do you need to pee?”

“No, I’m okay- never better.” Her face reddened ever so slightly as she responded to the personal question. Despite her lie, Dr. Simi likely knew exactly what was going on inside her bladder.

“OK, great. But please know that being in water naturally relaxes us and encourages us to free our water to be with the outer water engulfing us. We need not fight this urge. No, we should simply relieve ourselves as we need to. Society has taught us that it is wrong to relieve ourselves when the urge arises. And yet, it is truly the most natural thing in the world- there comes a point where we all release our water, no matter what. So, please, when you are with me- feel at ease. Do exactly what comes naturally to you.”

Bree could only nod understandingly as her topless girlfriend dressed only in a white diaper walked over with the tea tray. She set it down on the dry ledge of the fountain and handed large, full cups to the two of them. Then, she lifted her own cup and gulped thirstily. Bree could tell that Minka was enjoying every moment of this therapy session. With a gesture, Simi encouraged Bree to drink as she lifted her own cup to her lips.

Clearly desperate, Minka knelt on the dry side of the fountain next to Bree. Even though she couldn’t see her girlfriend’s hips, Bree could sense she was wriggling them as she struggled not to flood her diaper. The conversation continued between the three of them, as Dr. Simi asked Bree if she found Minka to be attractive in her current state- dressed in a diaper. Bree admitted that it was not a turn-off and they continued discussing pee game possibilities, much to Minka’s delight. Quickly, all three mugs of tea were empty again and Bree’s legs had begun shifting with more urgency. As Minka got up to make more tea, now clutching her crotch with one hand as she held the tea tray with the other, Simi reminded Bree that there were no judgements here and she was free to relieve herself whenever she liked.

“N-no, it’s okay- I can wait.”, she replied curtly. She didn’t want to give her therapist the satisfaction of making her urinate in the fountain. The problem was that Bree knew she didn’t have a choice for much longer. After four glasses of water and a large mug of tea since her morning pee, she was absolutely bursting. The water sloshing all around her was constantly pushing her bladder to the brink, urging it to relax. She snuck a peek at her shrink who had closed her eyes again and subtly directed her right hand into her crotch to push hard into her pussy. The temporary relief felt amazing.

A minute later, Minka started her awkward walk back to the fountain with the full teacups. With full cups, it was no longer possible to use only one hand to carry the tray. And so, she was forced to forgo holding herself through the bulky diaper. She gasped as she reached the fountain and just barely managed to set the tray down without spilling the tea.

“I just leaked!” She announced as she gripped her diaper with both hands and hobbled in place. Despite her best efforts, she was in a losing battle against her bulging bladder. It was clear there was no possible way she would retain urinary control through her second cup of tea. Bree glanced over at Simi who was enjoying the show. Her fingers rested on the gusset of her own panties as she gave herself a slow circular massage beneath the water. Bree wondered why she wasn’t encouraging Minka to release her pee, as she had urged her to several times.

Somehow Minka held on, for now. The ladies began drinking their teas again, but at a slower pace than before- they were all struggling to contain their pee inside their bodies. Simi had stopped masturbating, but still her fingers pressed against her pussy. With her heavy volumes of fluid intake on a daily basis, she had to pee many times a day- and today was no different. Normally, she would have already added to the water level in the pool by this point, but, today, she had a point to prove.

Halfway through her second tea, poor Minka could wait no longer. Despite her urgent dancing, she released a longer, harder squirt into her diaper. She was too full, too desperate to prevent the flood this time. “Oh!” she gasped, “I’m peeing my diaper!”

She froze in place, still clutching the diaper with both hands. A wet warmth simultaneously spread around her crotch and her hands. She closed her eyes and sighed with relief as the burden of containing the large volume of pee was finally lifted from her tormented body.

Bree observed in shock, her own need dire, immediate. Admittedly, seeing her adult baby lover soak her nappy had been hot as hell but it did no favors for her own desperation. She felt a quick squirt escape her and she took a quick look at Simi- she had her eyes locked on Minka and was masturbating again, more aggressively than before. Bree weighed her options as she struggled to prevent further leakage- she was way too full to get dressed and find a toilet, even if Simi let her out of the fountain now.

“Oh, what the hell, she’s probably peed in the water already. I’m torturing myself for nothing!” Bree thought to herself. “If I leak a little bit slowly, she probably won’t even notice the water warming up or the smell!”

As her girlfriend let out one last sigh and sat down on the ledge of the fountain, causing her wet diaper to produce a plop sound and leak out some pee, Bree relaxed ever so briefly to give her bladder a tiny bit of relief. She snuck another quick peek at Simi, who met her gaze eye-to-eye.

“Having an accident, dear?” she asked, nodding down at her crotch. Bree looked down in horror to discover a dark blue color spreading out from her crotch- there was some sort of urine-detector in the water!

Bree’s face burned red. “S-sorry, I really needed to go! I didn’t realize you would know! I only let out a little bit, I swear! I don’t know why there’s so much blue here!”

The doctor laughed and relaxed her own bladder. “I’m totally messing with you! In fact, I’m going right now!” She grabbed Bree’s hand and moved it into her own crotch- the change in water temperature was obvious and yet, there was no change in color.

“B-but how?”

Simi opened her left hand to reveal an eyedropper with blue dye. “I had this hidden in my bra- there is no such thing as urine-detector!”

As Minka and Simi howled with laughter, Bree broke into a smile and allowed herself to relax her bladder. The relief and naughtiness of peeing in the pool overcame her and she started rubbing herself. Minka followed her lead and stuck her own hand into her soiled diaper. Bree looked over at Simi who gave her an approving nod, whilst also pleasuring herself as she stared at her patients masturbating. Bree relaxed as she neared climax and promised herself not to be as harsh with her girlfriend anymore. After all, a bit of fun childishness was an important part of adulthood.

*017*2024-04-27 20:03

I'd say that's the end- I think the interest in this story has halted a bit, so I'll write something new when I have some time!



