The ride of a lifetime

Author: fullride

*000*2021-10-19 00:56

Hi everyone! This is my very first entry here; it is loosely based on my and my SO's actual style of play but of course, with some embellishments. I'm aware this isn't for everyone (and there's actually no wetting involved!), but we scrupulously sterilize our equipment and use only boiled, distilled water. We've yet to experience any side effects after being together for 6+ years. I am so lucky to have this wonderful woman. I hope you find it at least… “interesting”. Enjoy!

I knew something was up when I stepped into the bedroom from my morning shower. She was “fully” clothed incredibly provocatively. Normally, she's waiting for me nude on the bed with a full bowl of distilled water on the nightstand with her favorite toy; a 150ml sterilized plant-watering syringe. This time, the bowl and syringe were there, but she was wearing a wonderfully short nurse's dress, cap, white nylons and matching high heels; I was already running it up the flagpole.

“Please sit in the chair. I'm not happy with your capacity recently, so we're going to play a game. For every article of clothing I remove, you must ask for and accept another syringe. I will provide incentives along the way. You will not be allowed any pleasure until I'm completely disrobed. Let's get started.” This sounded great, but I knew she always had a few cruel twists up her sleeve. She then put Bolero on the MP3 player and started to slowly sway to the music.

“May I please have an injection if you will take off your dress?”

“My cap is first...” She filled the syringe, bent over me so I could admire her beautiful, full 38D cleavage and I received my first injection. She only took a second or two to force it in. Only then did I realize it was ice water! My bladder immediately seized up with this intruder. She lightly brushed her lips on mine, removed her cap then continued her undulations.

“May I please have another syringe if you remove your dress?”

“Yes, you may” She loaded the syringe and moved to inject me, but stopped. “You must first kiss the hand that will deliver your sweet pain.” She held out her hand holding the syringe; I kissed it and thanked her. She then inserted the nozzle into my urethra and started depressing the plunger noticeably slower than at first. This prolonged the intense cramping in my bladder, but I made no sounds of protest. She locked her eyes on mine as the plunger lowered. When it bottomed out, she leaned over, placed her lips over my ear and whispered, “Good boy”. I could smell her exquisite perfume.

She then resumed swaying while she slowly unfastened the top two buttons of her dress (there were six) revealing just the top of her lacy white bra.

“Since my dress is the major item of clothing I'm wearing, I think it deserves more than just one syringe, don't you?” she asked sweetly. I was starting to become nervous, but of course, agreed. “Good. You will take a full syringe for each pair of remaining buttons... remember to ask nicely for each.” She was clearly enjoying making up the rules as we went along.

Her injection speed slowed considerably as her eyes filled with lust watching the distress build in my eyes as each load of ice water caused my violated bladder to protest with almost unbearable cramps. After the dress finally fell, she stood resplendent and magnificent in her white satin bra, panties, stockings and heels.

She felt her power and control over me course through her as I gazed longingly; I was at full attention. “How many milliliters are you now carrying?” she asked. “600” I replied. “That's a good start”. With that, she moved to me and asked, “How about a little lapdance?” This is one of her favorite games. She straddled and sat on me, teasing, forcing her tongue into my mouth. While locked in this kiss, she ground her now thoroughly soaked panties forward, pressing my cock deep into my distressed bladder. She broke the kiss and again placed her lips over my ear, licked it and whispered, “Does it hurt?”

“Yes Ma'am”

“Good.” Her husky voice lowered... “You will soon be in exquisite agony.” With that she raised off my lap and resumed her seductive dance; I was mesmerized.

“May I please have another injection if you will remove your bra?”

“Of course.” She slowly drew another 150ml into the syringe then held out her hand. I kissed it then she slowly drove the contents down my urethra, her eyes sparkling with delight. 750 ml has been my limit for some time, so I was now wracked with pain while my body worked on warming up this fresh assault. She resumed her swaying to the beat with eyes closed, then she turned around so I could watch her unclasp her bra. She slipped it off and returned to me, then cradled my head on her luscious breasts.

“You've been such a good boy; you will soon be rewarded. I want you to know how happy you've made Mommy.” With that, she ran her fingers over her sopping wet panties, a beautiful string glistening from them as she slowly pulled her fingers away then held them under my nose. “Smell Mommy's heat.” It drove me wild making me forget for an instance the unrelenting pressure below.

Then the next twist: “Baby, I'm kind of full myself after the long night, but you know only one of us can be full during our games. So, I'll be right back.” She glided into the bath and blew me a kiss as she closed the door. I heard that wonderful hiss of a woman releasing, but it was pure torture hearing her relief knowing mine was a looong way off and would only come when she allowed. It also didn't sound like she released into the bowl; more like a jar or bottle. My heart flipped when she emerged carrying a baby bottle filled with her very yellow, very strong first morning pee.

“You're my one and only Baby. You've been so good this morning that I'm going to warm you up from the inside with my special nectar.” I knew that pee rushes through the kidneys (and bowels) like a waterfall and it was a full 10oz. I'm starting to get really worried.

She sat on the bed, cradling me in her lap, and placed the nipple at my mouth. “I made this for you. Drink all of Mommy from your bottle my sweet baby.” I tentatively sucked. It was so pungent, so strong, so full of wonderful female essence. Only a few drops were required to send me over the edge. I was rock hard. But I knew I had to finish it if I had any hope of relief later. I sucked harder and harder swallowing greedily, but the nipple's small hole only allowed a trickle at a time. I moaned in despair knowing how long this would take. She smiled tenderly as I moaned and lightly kissed my forehead. “Keeping drinking my precious boy while I check on your progress.” She then stroked and caressed my bloated bladder, probing various locations to check its firmness. She's an expert at determining my limits and loves driving in her little daggers every time she presses. When I finally finished, I could already feel her urine working its magic and adding significantly to my distress.

She removed the empty bottle and ran her fingers over my now grossly-swollen bladder. “It makes me so hot knowing that I can torment you from both the outside and inside, and that it will only get worse with each passing minute.” She's quite a good pianist and slowly played my bladder as her keyboard with my head cradled on her breasts, her tender little kisses providing some distraction from the ever mounting pressure as her sweet gift fully worked its way through my system.

When she determined I was sufficiently taut, she said, “Lie on your back.” She stood imperiously and was still clad in her satin panties, stockings and heels. “Oops. Did we forget something?” It seemed I heard a disembodied voice from far away say, “May I please have another injection for the privilege of having your beautiful panties removed?”

“Of course. And I will take some pity on your distressed state and not use ice water. And you've been such a good boy, this will be your last injection.”

“Thank you my sweet and compassionate Mistress”. I nearly wept with joy. She went into the bath and returned with a small bowl filled with the remainder of her pee and drew it into the syringe; only slightly over half-filled. She extended her hand which I gently kissed. “You're going to have all of me in you until we finish.” With that, she rammed her essence down my urethra. I was panting and blowing like I was in labor, and looked it, too. I was swollen beyond anything I'd ever experienced.

She very gently caressed the balloon that was my bladder while her eyes filled with wonder and lust. She slipped off her panties and laid them under my nose as a wonderful distraction to the agony I was about to endure.

She then carefully lowered herself onto my granite-like stick and started rocking back and forth, back and forth, every motion sending waves like electricity thru me. She was so tight and hot and slick. Her pace increased driving her scalding hot needles deeper and deeper. When she was close, she leaned forward, removed her panties from my face and kissed me, her tongue flicking in my mouth like a snake's, tasting her own pee. Her entire magnificent body now pressed down on my tortured bladder as she ground her hips forward and back, forward and back. Gazing into my desperate eyes, she came violently, shuddering as if hooked to a powerful tens unit. I followed an instant later, spasming and spasming seemingly endlessly into her.

She always likes to cuddle afterwards, knowing how much worse the hold is once the sexual tension is released. “Did you like my new games, my sweet lover?” she ask as she licked and nipped at my neck. “Yes Ma'am, I love them! But may I please now check my capacity?”

“In a minute...” she purred.

