Wet in the cold

Author: Fireandndblood

*000*2022-04-03 18:47

"Ah, there's nothing I love more than winter vacation," I said, looking out of the window.

"The skis, the warm boots, the ear warmers, what could be better?". I couldn't contain my happiness, looking at myself all cute, well-dressed and soft

"The hot chocolate!" laughed Luigi.

"I should think so...you've been drinking chocolate since the beginning of the trip...you should be enjoying the nature around you and walking around instead of locking yourself in the bar!"

"You're always so full of energy, but how do you do it? Look we haven't even reached the ski resort yet, look if you waste all your energy during the trip today you won't make it."

"It's just that I love snow so much, more than anything else... and I'm happy to be here with you... our first vacation together!"

"Yeah..." said Luigi, bringing his gloved hand closer to my cheek, wrapping it in a soft caress.

Ah, how I loved Luigi, as only a young heart can, with that impulsiveness and candor.

I stood looking out at the muffled white landscape, leaving Luigi to play with his phone.

"But so how long does it take for this cabin?" made Luigi.

"Don't be in a hurry, let's enjoy this beautiful view!"

"Nghhh..." muttered Luigi, who as always alternated moments when he was sweet to moments when he was grumpy.

"Don't be like that, is something wrong?"

"No, it's just that we've been traveling for two hours..."

"10 minutes to the next station and then we have to wait for the next bus! But it will take an hour, we can take advantage of it to go for a promenade!"

"But what if we go to a café first?"

"NO! No more bars, we didn't come up here to lock ourselves in!"

"As you wish ...

"When we get to the resort we can stay at the bar as long as you want... we went all out for this vacation, the hotel café is super fancy!"

Finally the sound of the bus pulling up was heard and we passengers began to get off!

"Wow, that's beautiful!" made I, amazed at the whiteness and purity around me. I had only seen snow as a child.

"You're a little girl" laughed Luigi.

"Don't tease me" I said throwing myself at him laughing. His sculpted dancer's body was driving me crazy, but when I touched him as I got closer I felt a jolt for a moment, as if he had felt a twinge of pain. Right away, though, he wrapped me in a warm embrace, holding me in his strong arms.

I kissed his lips for a moment, tenderly and softly

"Now is not the time! I've got it all planned out, now it's off for a nice walk before the changeover comes! 30 minutes, no more, I don't want to miss the bus huh!"

"Are you sure about the café?"

"Enough about this bar! We've been there at the last stop, once me and once you!"

"Alright," he did. He groped his junk a bit. His bulge was impossible not to notice even in those heavy pants, suitable for the cold weather. I've never been a material girl, but I can't deny that when I first saw Luigi's dick, so long and so thick that it wouldn't fit in my hand and his big balls, I was stunned. It's certainly not what I love about him, but I can't say I don’t like it, that is.

So we began our walk, a short, unobstructed path through frost-crystallized nature. I stopped at every point to read all the signs, describing the flora and fauna. I have always loved animals and plants, in fact my dream is to become a biologist! Luigi on the other hand seemed uncomfortable, he walked slower than usual and looked awkward.

"Are you okay, darling?" I asked him, turning towards him.

"Yes, it's just that I'm not used to walking on snow." A lie, I thought. He went to the snow often with his parents, there was something wrong with him. I watched him, noticing that he walked awkwardly, stumbled like he usually didn't and often touched his lower parts, clutching hard.

I let it slide for a while until I saw him freeze in place for a moment and became concerned.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah..." he asked me.

"No I'm not, I've noticed something is wrong..."

"No, really, it's okay..."

"Don't lie to me, you know I can tell."

"You're right, the fact is..."

Luigi blushed, looking away.

"What..."

"Go on..."

Suddenly a spasm hit him and he touched his junk again....

"Um... I have to pee... it's very urgent..."

"What!? You should have told me before, we could have gone to a café..."

"I asked you..."

"But I didn't realize it was for that! You should have told me."

"You're right, but I was ashamed..."

"You were already needing to go in the bus, weren't you?"

"Yes... I drank too much hot cocoa and tea ..."

"Now we can't do anything about it, this route is full of people... do you think you can make it to the nearest café? It will be a 10 minutes!"

"Yes, yes..." but he continued "Here... actually... I'm already a little wet... it's just that I have thermal socks underneath that have absorbed everything I let out... but otherwise I would have wet my pants."

I gasped. "Let's move then, Luigi!" I took him by the hand and began to walk quickly.

We walked a bit and finally arrived at the end of the path, but a bitter surprise was waiting for us.

A red sign saying "passage blocked, avalanche danger" was impeding the path.

"Geez, we have to backtrack so, we even risk missing the bus!"

"Nghhh...." grumbled Luigi.

"We'll make it, come on!"

We started walking making our way backwards but suddenly I didn't see Luigi by my side. I turned around and saw him bent over

"Honey are you ok?"

"Yeah...but..." and he pointed to a spot on his crotch.

"I pissed a little.... it was sudden, I felt hot between my legs and managed to stop it in time, but now I'm really on the edge..."

I stood dumbfounded looking at the dark stain on his junk, imagining his wet undies, his huge penis wet with pee. That fantasy tantalized me, but I forced myself not to think about it.

"Let's move on, come on..."

We resumed walking at a faster pace, I couldn't get the thought of Luigi's wet pants out of my head. Suddenly Luigi's hand, clasped in mine, became rigid.

"Love...what" I looked at him and saw his stunned face. He was bent in two with his hands on his package, while streams of urine soaked his pants. "I can't hold it anymore..." he said as he continued to piss in increasingly intense streams, with people walking past us. I stood and stared at him as he continued to pee in his pants, watching the liquid soak into the fabric and snow, passing through his gloves. A slight steam exhaled from his pants, the warm urine condensing.

"Are you... finished?" I asked him.... "Yes... he did...." He was visibly shocked, wetting his pants at that age, in public nonetheless! His pants had changed color from how wet they were and I couldn't help but notice his huge boner. "Love...let's go buy some new clothes.... we'll take the next bus" I tried to say, unable to take my eyes off that vision. I was so excited, my hands were quivering with the desire to touch him. But there were people, and I could already see some questioning looks. I would have to wait, to enjoy this scene again, but I would have done anything to make it happen again....

