The Town Without Toilets

Author: Flynn

*000*2022-03-07 18:20

Hi guys, this is the first ever story that I've written. It's by no means a masterpiece as I am certainly no author. I just had an idea and wanted to get it out there.

I'm planning on including all of the tags I've used at some point within the chapters so sorry if your favourite hasn't come up yet. I have ideas of the direction the story will take so if you guys like it then please let me know and I'll keep posting. If you don't like it then let me know and I'll stop posting and just keep the stories to myself.

One thing I will say is that these chapters will all be quite long and some may not have much actual wetting content. I'm a story lover so I'm also going to be telling a story with this. For those who don't like that sort of thing, I will try to remember to put a sort of scale at the start of the chapter, indicating how much wetting content is in it for you to just skip to. I'm not going to be indicating which tags will be used in each chapter though so you'll just have to take a gamble. For those of you who want to read the story, thank you and I hope you enjoy it.

Also, please let me know of any spelling/grammar or continuity mistakes. I'm not an English major but I know how frustrating it can be when you're engrossed in something and then you spot a mistake, so I will edit it accordingly.

Anyway, on with the show...

Chapter 1: A New Beginning

Wetting Content: Small

We had been on the road for almost 3 hours. It was a hot, sunny afternoon in the middle of June and my neither my mum, brother or me had any energy to talk to eachother. Every water bottle from the pack of 6 we brought with us had been used up an hour ago, and we still had another hour's drive left. As I sat there in the back seat of my mum's new company car, I looked out the window and began to think about what our new home might be like.

My mum had recently been promoted in her career, and whilst that meant a big salary increase and new car, it also meant travelling to a new town over 200 miles south of where I know. I'm very much an introvert at heart, and in my 19 years of being on this planet I've only ever had what I would consider 1 true friend. That friendship ended when I was 7 and then they moved away too. I'd never even had a relationship. Not that I hadn't had any interest, after all a 5'5 girl with the hair of Hermione from Harry Potter, and the figure of Scarlett Johansson was bound to attract a few eyes. Throw in a few freckles on my milky white skin and apparently I'm like a single flower surrounded by bees. Still, I had grown used to it over the past couple of years to the point where I barely noticed. The stares had certainly died down amongst the local boys, and even a few girls in my town.

Everyone knew what I looked like by now. I was comfortable in my old town, but now I'm having to move away from the familiar faces, away from the only house I've ever lived in and move to a town none of us have ever heard of, and a house that none of us have ever seen. Not in person anyway. We'd seen a few photos that the estate agent had provided us with, but they weren't the best, and I never trust those photos anyway, they always hide something. The ones we saw made the house look very nice with it's angles and fisheye lense to make the house seem bigger.

The walls seemed very clean and damp free from what I could see, so that was a good sign, and it seemed to have been renovated recently with modern appliances, but I still had my reservations. For one the carpets all seemed to be an off shade of yellow, and looked like they had stains all over them. Another there was only one photo of the bathroom, or should I say half the bathroom, as it only showed the bath and sink! However we didn't have much time to consider multiple options and as my mum said, we can always replace carpets.

As we approached the welcome sign of our new town, we all gave an internal cheer. 4 hours on the move without stopping had left us all quite desperate for the toilet. I had asked to stop about 90 minutes ago when the need to pee had first started, figuring that the others would also want to relieve themselves. My mum on the other hand thought we all could hold it, she didn't like stopping if she could help it, even when nature was very clearly calling. This stubborn attitude had resulted in a few close calls and the occasional accident on past road trips, and she refused to learn from her mistake.

Sure enough, as we turned down our new street I saw my mum and brother shuffle a little bit in their seats. I had also unconsciously started rocking back and forth with my hand between my legs. Our new street was long, and as I looked out the car window at all of the houses going by I saw a little kid having a water bomb fight with his dad in the front garden. I watched him laughing and running around, it was a nice thing to see, and I gave a small smile before noticing the wet patch on the kid's trousers.

"Great" I thought, "what a perfect reminder of what will happen if we don't get to the house soon". I rolled my eyes and looked back out of the window, just in time to glance at the father. I could've sworn I saw a wet patch almost identical to his son's, and the rest of his clothes looked bone dry so it was either an unfortunate shot with a water bomb, or something else. As I tried to do a double take the house went out of view, and the luggage piled in the boot stopped me from looking out the back window.

I shrugged it off as a trick of the light instead and went back to looking at the houses. They were all very modest, new build, semi-detached houses with a small patch of lawn out the front and a driveway big enough for 2 cars. My mum never told me how much the house was, but she did seem to think it was an absolute steal, and after pulling into our new drive and looking up at the house I had to agree. There was no way my mum could afford this place on her own normally, even with the pay rise. My mum and my dad had split when I was very young, so she raised me and my brother pretty much single handedly, and this promotion had meant a lot to us. I didn't have time to marvel at the new house and wonder how my mum got such a bargain though, because as soon as the keys in the car's ignition were turned and the engine gently switched off, it was a mad rush to the front door.

My brother had a big disadvantage as he was the opposite side of the car to the house, but he is 6'2, thin as a rake and 3 years older than me, so he was able to round the car and reach the front door around the same time as me and mum. We were all dancing around at this point. As my mum fumbled for the keys she gasped, threw her hand between her legs and clenched them together, screwing up her white, knee high pleated skirt in the process. My mum is very much like me physically. She is only 37 as she had me very young, and as I've grown older we've started to be mistaken for sisters more and more. The only major difference is her bright blue dyed hair, which always makes me think of Ramona Flowers from Scott Pilgrim Vs The World.

As she gasped I looked down, and as I did so I saw a small trickle of pee go down her left leg. Seeing this only made my own situation worse, and sure enough a small spurt of pee escaped into my own panties. I managed not to gasp and alert the others about what had happened, but then panic started to set in. Unlike my mum, who could just cover up an accident with her skirt, I decided to sit the long drive in my light blue skinny jeans, which would definitely show any signs of an accident. My brother had had enough, so with him being a guy, he decided to go round the side of the house and use his natural super power of being able to pee anywhere. I've always been jealous of that.

My mum finally got the key in the door, unlocked it and stumbled inside. Unfortunately for me she was a few seconds too late, as at that moment my brother had started to relieve himself against the wall and the sound of the pee hitting brick reached my ears. Another spurt of pee escaped into my pants, bigger this time and I felt a bit trickle down my leg. I couldn't hold my gasp back this time, but luckily my mum had already shot off inside the house, leaving the keys in the wide open door, so neither she nor my brother heard. I managed to compose myself, grabbed the keys, went inside and closed the door. An air freshener went off as I did so, which must be on a sensor and programmed to go off whenever someone walked on the house judging from the little red light pointing down at the door. I turned and saw the house in person for the first time.

As first impressions go when you enter a new house whilst fighting the urge not to just relax and let over 4 hours worth of built up pee empty into your pants, this one wasn't bad. I started heading towards the stairs whilst looking around, and saw that the house was actually quite spacious, the photos weren't lying as much as I thought. It was mostly empty though except for a few white goods in the kitchen that I could see down the hall and for some reason a wall mounted clothes horse above the radiator near the front door. I had just got to the stairs when I heard a loud "What the fuck!" Come from above me. I headed up the stairs slowly so as not to accidently release another spurt of pee into my jeans, and after eventually reaching the top, walked towards the open door to the bathroom.

When I got to the doorway I looked around again. It was huge, almost as big as the lounge of the old house. The first thing I noticed was that my mum was sitting in what was very clearly the sink with her skirt up to her waist but her panties were nowhere to be seen. She was still wearing them. This was obviously very odd but I attributed it to her being so desperate that just saw the first thing with a drain and went for it, and didn't have time to pull her panties down.

She had a very relaxed look on her face with her eyes closed and I could hear the sound of her pee hissing into her panties and then hitting the porcelein sink. The urge to release came back to me in full force, but I was able to control myself this time by crossing my legs and clenching like my life depended on it. I walked inside the bathroom after the urge died down slightly and looked around for the toilet. I had made it to the bath when my eyes widened in shock as the realisation hit me. There isn't one. I could barely move at this point and I definitely didn't have time to search the house.

It's probably the room next door, but if I moved again then the floodgates would surely open and I would be standing in a puddle with wet jeans. I did the only thing that I could think of, I undid my jeans, grabbed the waistband of both them and my panties and shoved them to my ankles. Then in the same movement I angled my butt and vagina over the side of the bath tub and relaxed. The feeling was incredible. I closed my eyes and audibly moaned as I unclenched and the pee started gushing out down the inside of the bath towards the plug. It felt like it went on for hours, hours of pure bliss to be finally relaxed.

I hadn't had a pee that lasted that long or felt that good in years. Once the flow had finally stopped I kept sitting there with my eyes closed, still recovering from that feeling. After a few more seconds I opened my eyes to see my mum still sat on the sink looking at me. I smiled at her but the smile was not reciprocated. Instead what I got was a look of confusion. She got down from the sink and dropped her skirt down, then looked back at me with the same look and said:

"I ran around the whole house just now to find the toilet and found nothing. There isn't one in here, so unless I missed it in my desperation, that means there's no toilet in the house".

I looked down at the floor between my mum's legs and saw a few drops of pee hit the ground that had fallen from her still soaked panties. My mum also looked down, but she looked at my jeans that were at my ankles and saw the wet spot that had formed at the crotch.

"I guess neither of us quite made it in time" she said.

"You think!?" I shot back in a very sarcastic tone "I asked you if we could stop over an hour ago and you refused, now we've both got wet underwear".

"Alright, alright, I'm sorry. I may have misjudged the situation but I wanted to get here before rush hour and before the moving truck, I still don't know how bad the roads are around here".

I was still annoyed but could tell that her appology was genuine, so I didn't push it. Instead I just told her it's ok, got up and pulled the damp clothes back up my legs. It felt weird not wiping, but the toilet paper was still in the car, not that it would have made any difference now anyway. Thinking about that suddenly made what my mum had just said register in my brain.

"Hang on, there's no toilet in the house? At all?! What the hell are we going to do when we need to go?!"

"I don't know honey, I'll have to call the estate agent, but we'll have to worry about all of that later. Where's your brother? We need to unload the car before the moving truck gets here".

"He's somewhere downstairs, he went round the side of the house to pee when you were trying to open the front door".

We both headed downstairs. "It's alright saying worry about it later" I thought, "but not having a toilet is quite a big problem, one that we needed to solve quickly".

*002*2022-05-14 14:44

Sorry this has taken so long for anyone that's interested in the story. I've had a lot going on over the past couple of months, but here's chapter 2!

Chapter 2: Meet Beth

Wetting Content: Minimal

We unpacked the car and just left everything in the giant lounge off to the side of the hallway. Everything except for mine and mum's suitcases, which were quickly taken upstairs without a word. Once we got to the top, my mum turned left, entered the master bedroom and closed the door. I went into a room on the right and found some of my brother's belongings already in it, clearly he had taken the opportunity to claim a room whilst me and mum were preoccupied. There were 2 other doors on this floor, one that lead to a tiny room next to the bathroom barely big enough to fit a bed, which to my disappointment did not have a toilet, and one at the other side of the landing that had some stairs behind, leading to a spacious attic bedroom. The latter was the clear choice for my room. I walked up the stairs dragging my suitcase behind me and looked through the bannister at the top. It had a skylight with a blackout curtain on the sloped roof and a doorway at the end which housed the boiler.

I went into the middle of the room, opened my suitcase and got out a spare change of clothes. To my surprise my brother hadn't teased me about the wet patch on my crotch when we were unloading the car, but then again I think he was more focused on making sure none of his collectable action figures had broken. I didn't want to risk him seeing if he hadn't already though and I have an almost identical pair of jeans with me, so I dropped my soiled jeans and panties to the ground, took some tissues out of the suitcase and wiped myself. After changing into my clean clothes I headed back downstairs to the sound of the moving truck pulling up outside.

The next few hours were very tiring. We managed to get all of the furniture in the house and set up before it got dark, although I got a little upset that nobody laughed at my flawless impression of Ross Gellar from Friends going "PIVOT! PIVOT!" when carrying the couch. Once the last box was inside the house, we'd waved goodbye and said thank you to the moving drivers, we all flopped onto the couch and stayed silent for a few minutes, massaging our aching muscles.

"What're we going to do about the toilet situation then?" I asked suddenly.

"How can they sell us a house without a toilet, let alone not even telling us it doesn't have one?" My brother followed up.

"I don't know James, trust me, I'm just as annoyed as you. I'll call tomorrow morning, the estate agent's will be closed now so we'll just have to make do for tonight" my mum exclaimed with a slight tone of annnoiance in her voice. I'm not sure if she was annoyed more at us for asking so many questions, the estate agents for tricking her, or herself for not picking up on the fact that a house this big does not come that cheap unless there's something majorly wrong with it, and this was definitely a big problem.

"How exactly do we make do mum?" James asked sarcastically, "Amy has got a bladder the size of a goldfish and you've got a bit of a reputation for holding it too long. There's no way we'll last until tomorrow."

"A toilet probably wouldn't even be fitted tomorrow most likely, it'll be a few days wait yet" I chimed in.

"Exactly sis, what are we going to do? Wear nappies for a week?"

"Of course not, just go in the sink or bath, that's what your sister and I did. Just make sure you clean it afterwards"

"And what if we need to shit? I don't particularly fancy cleaning that up from the sink"

My mum had had enough. She got up with one last "I don't fucking know!" and left the room. I turned to look at my brother, he had an annoying habit of being very logical, and pushing people too far who don't know the answers to all of his questions.

"Did you have to push it that far?" I asked.

"Well am I wrong? She always sees something that she thinks is a bargain but turns out to be too good to be true. This time it's at our expense as well."

"I know, but she's had a stressful day and she probably already feels bad about it without you making her feel worse. Not to mention she's already fallen victim to there not being a toilet in the house".

"So did you it seems."

My eyes widened in shock.

"I thought you hadn't seen that!" I gasped.

"I didn't, one of the movers did, but he just thought you'd sat on the wet bench underneath the front window, the neighbours sprinkler had overshot and got it"

My face went bright red. I hadn't even considered that the movers might have seen my little accident. My brother looked at me at first with a wry smile, but then it faded into a look of pity. He knew it wasn't my fault that mum hadn't stopped, and what he said about my small bladder earlier was half true. I have an overactive bladder which makes me need to pee several time a day anyway, but annoyingly it's not even a small pee. It's several very large pees that could easily overfill a pint glass. I have no idea where my body gets the urine from but honestly, it was a miracle I managed to sit through that car journey without stopping and only come away with a wet crotch.

Mum came back in the room a few minutes later exclaiming that she was too tired to cook, so she was just going to try out one of the takeaways in the town.

"Curry or chippy?" She asked.

"Chippy" my brother answered. "With the lack of a toilet here, spicy food is the last thing we need."

"Good point well made." Mum seemed to have calmed down and both she and my brother were acting like nothing was said before, as is often the story in this house. "Chippy it is then, if I give you the money and my order, can you two take a walk and get it please? It'll give you a chance to get to know the area a bit better too. I'll stay here and unbox all of the cutlery and stuff".

"Sure thing mum" I said.

10 minutes later, James and I were walking down the street as the sun was starting to get low in the sky. I wanted to ask him what his plans were about the toilet situation, he always had some sort of plan, but I'd had enough toilet talk for one day, so we just walked in silence. After a couple of wrong turns we made it into the town centre and headed for the chip shop at the top of the road. It was surprisingly empty, but then we walked past the local pub and saw that it was packed with people watching the televised football match. None of us were into football.

My brother had played it for a bit when he was younger, but then he switched to ice hockey and I followed him once I was able to skate. I loved hockey, the feeling of the air hiting your face as you skated down the ice was amazing, and it was the only social hobby my introverted self had. I'd researched the local hockey teams before we left and found that there was a girls team that played in the small ice rink on the outskirts of town. I was very much looking forward to trying out for them in a few days, we'd arrived just in time for me to potentially make it onto the team for this coming season.

When we got to the chip shop it was already very busy, so my brother told me to wait outside whilst he got the food. I didn't argue, it was a warm evening and the inside of the shop would be roasting, so I sat on the bench outside and observed the town. The main street was on a hill with a cobblestoned road going down the middle, on either side of the road were shops ranging from local newsagents, to pet shops to banks. It seemed like the town had everything. I was just planning out a trip back here tomorrow when I saw a girl around my age walk round a corner with who appeared to be her mum. They too were heading for the chip shop, and they too saw how busy it was. So like my brother, the mum told her daughter to wait outside whilst she got the food. The girl agreed and turned towards me on the bench. We made eye contact and smiled at eachother before she walked over and sat down beside me.

"Hello" she said in a rather high pitched, cheery voice.

"Hello" I replied.

"I'm Beth, what's your name? You're not from around here are you?"

"Amy" I said, "and not really no, we've just moved here, to a street a couple of minutes away"

"Welcome! I've lived here all my life, I know this town like the back of my hand." Beth then held up her hand to show me the back. She had very small hands but they were decorated with several large rings and painted nails which probably made them look smaller than they were.

"Do you like your new house?" She asked.

"It seems ok, the rooms are nice, it's quite warm and cosy, but there's a bit of a flaw with it" I replied, catching myself at the end. Should I really let slip that the house doesn't have a toilet to a person I've just met? It's quite embarrassing when I think of it.

"What's wrong with it?" She asked in a concerned tone.

It was too late now, I'd dug the hole and now I had to lie in it.

"Well there's something missing that's quite important. A toilet."

I waited shyly for her response, expecting her to laugh or snigger. Instead she took me by surprise, as a look of pure delight appeared on her face.

"No way!" Beth exclaimed. "You're the ones who moved into that house? That's brilliant! Are you a Nap or a Pantser?"

A what and a what? I was too confused about what just happened for my brain to process it. And clearly she knew what house I meant somehow. Was it famous in the town for not having a toilet or something?

"I'm sorry... What?" I asked in surprise.

"A Nap or a Pantser. You know, do you wear nappies or do you just go in your pants? Or are you a Dropper who just takes their pants off and pees openly?"

The girl next to me seemed genuinely excited to hear what my answer would be. I on the other hand just sat there dumbfounded. I'd never heard anything like it in my life. From what it sounded like, she was asking me if I wore nappies, liked to piss myself or just took my pants off and peed normally. It was a very weird question that I didn't really know the right answer to.

"Um... I dunno, a Dropper I guess?"

Beth looked down and sighed.

"Oh well, each to their own I guess" she said in a disappointed voice.

"Wait. You're sad that I'm not one of the other two?"

Surely this must be some weird prank or something. She can't seriously be wanting to know this stuff, let alone be sad at my answer.

"A little" she said, still looking down. "When I saw you I thought you looked quite cool, then when I heard you'd moved into that house I got quite excited, I thought I might have a new Nap friend, or at least a Pantser who I could hang out with."

This was beyond ridiculous now. There's no way that she was telling me she wore nappies after 2 minutes of knowing me. I decided that it was some sort of weird prank but that I'd go along with it to see how it played out.

"So you're telling me you wear nappies?" I asked.

"Oh yes, look"

She lifted the side of her skirt up to her waist, and my eyes widened, first in shock that she was lifting her skirt up in the middle of a public area, then even more as I saw a nappie right there where I would have expected to see underwear. Not only that, but I caught a glimpse of the front for a second, and it was darker there, suggesting that the nappie had already been called into use. Beth pulled her skirt back down and looked at me. I just looked back at her in shock, not knowing what to say.

Beth gave me a weak smile before saying: "you're not used to this, are you? Understandable I guess, most outsiders who move here aren't and they have a similar reaction to you."

I'd actually started to feel quite bad for her now. Now that I knew she was telling the truth, and clearly cared about... Whatever it was. Even if she was bonkers, I still didn't like seeing her upset.

"Anyway, I'll probably see you around sometime".

Beth looked over my shoulder, I turned round and saw my brother and Beth's mum coming out of the shop carrying large bags filled with food. They both walked over to us.

"New friend?" Beth's mum asked her daughter.

"Yeah, this is Amy, she's just moved here" Beth replied.

"Oh lovely, I hope you enjoy it here" Beth's mum said turning towards me, "I'm sure we'll be seeing you around town."

"Sure thing" I replied.

They both looked at me and smiled, then walked off in the direction of the corner they first came round.

"She was fit" my brother proclaimed.

This comment snapped me out of the shock I was in from my conversation with Beth.

"Urgh, seriously? She's my age."

"So? I'm only 3 years older, and I've dated girls 3 years older than me before without anyone caring. What's the difference"

I decided not to dignify his question by responding, instead I just rolled my eyes and started heading back to the new house.

"Hey you'll never guess what I saw in the chippy!" My brother said as he walked to catch up with me.

"Some guy had pissed himself and was just stood there nonchalantly waiting for his food in the chippy!"

"What?"

"Yeah, full on soaked his cargo shorts and didn't seem to care. What was weird is that he was in plain sight and nobody seemed to notice either. There were a few people who spoke to him and the server who gave him his food seemed to be fighting the urge not to look down, but that was it"

"A Pantser?" I blurted out under my breath without realising.

"Say what?"

I jumped. I didn't want to tell my brother about Beth or the weird conversation we had on the bench, or the fact that she showed me her wet nappie.

"Oh, I said 'in his pants, huh?'"

"Yeah, in his pants. It must've happened somewhere else because there was no puddle on the floor, but if that was me I'd forget the food and go home, wouldn't you?"

"Yeah" I said. My mind was still trying to process everything that I'd seen and heard in the last 10 minutes. Were there really people in this town that just pissed themselves willingly, and others who wore nappies? It seemed like that was the case.

"Weird town we've moved to isn't it?" My brother asked looking around.

"Yeah" I replied, still thinking about Beth's nappie and how she somehow knew that our house didn't have a toilet.

"Weird"

