With Tatiana in Croatia (Part 2)

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-07-24 10:10

With Tatiana in Croatia

Chapter 2 Monica

I woke up to hear the water lapping against the boat. I had a great night's sleep on this boat. I felt I had a very stiff cock. Usually that's the case when I really need to pee in the morning, but that wasn't the case yet. I felt something fidgeting on my cock. It was Tatiana's hand playing with my cock. I said nothing and enjoyed it. She had taken the initiative herself so I can enjoy it.

She started jerking me off and she was clearly not used to that. She almost pulled little Rob off but I said nothing and let her go. That will come with time and before I knew it I came. My goodness you're not doing that badly at all, Tatiana. I think you'll come just thinking about me, she said. So I don't have to do that much. Today we're going to see your waitress and I didn't think it's fair that you go there with a hot head. She was teasing me and I said she's right. We'll have to go into town to buy me new clothes Rob. I started the engine and headed for the harbor.

Do you feel like having some underwater sex today Tatiana? Did you like it that much, she asked. Yes indeed and I have gained a little more confidence now, I said, and you? Well I absolutely loved it except for that pain in my breasts and pussy, you are really rude about it Rob. Yes, I've always been a bit heavy-handed during sex. I noticed that, it seemed like you thought I was a cow. Well a nice cow then, I laughed. We go to the shops to buy me some clothes. Then we go to Monica and have a good time, said Tatiana. Prepare your little Rob and make sure you don't eat too much. She took a half-liter bottle of water from her bag and drank it all in one sitting. It will take a little longer before I cum again Tatiana, after all you already helped me this morning. I'll come up with something on that, it can't be difficult, she grinne.

What do you want to buy for clothes? A nice top with a short skirt underneath, she said. Do you like that? You can handle anything without it boring me. Her eyes started to glow again. We walked to the clothing store and Tatiana tried on several skirts and tops. Her toned belly looked super sexy. She is in an absolute super shape. She bought a pair of shoes with half high heels. This afternoon we will get a new bathing suit, but then 1 without straps. We walked to the waitress's house and rang the bell. We sat on the couch and she spoke English luckily. My name is Monica and I'm glad you recognized me, she started the conversation.

I moved to Sweden after the accident and have always wanted to personally thank my rescuer. Unfortunately I never found it. This is Tatiana the daughter of your savior and I am Rob a good friend of Tatiana. Nice to meet you, Monica said. It was really a coincidence that I recognized you, I said. Tatiana's father showed me your photo hanging among the rescued victims. Oh how special, Monica said. What kind of man is your father, she asked Tatiana. It's my hero she replied. He is warm and has a lot of respect for people. Everyone I speak to feels safe with him. He is now 63 and retired. She looked straight at me and it made me nervous again.

Monica came in with the tea. It was lukewarm tea which is better against thirst in this heat. I have a proposition, I said to Monica. Tell me, Monica said. Tatiana's father has not been retired that long. You're the only drowning man he rescued he hasn't met yet. The others live in the area and he has visited or invited them all. Now I think it would be fun to organize a party where all rescued victims with supporters and children will be present. I'm sure he'll like that what do you think, I asked Monica. A great idea, she said immediately, but when you know more, tell me. It will be between now and a week before we go home. Suddenly Tatiana started to cry, where do you get those spontaneous ideas from, she asked, sobbing lightly. Calm down I said and took her in my arms.

I understood very well that she was moved. She has been so afraid of losing her father through all the misery. She stopped as quickly as it started. Would you like to wash your face, Monica asked. Yes please replied Tatiana. I walk with you to the bathroom to get a clean washcloth and a towel. She gave it to Tatiana and came back into the room. She really loves her father, she said. Yes, but he is also a very special man and Tatiana is very much like her father. They really are soul mates. By saying this a lot suddenly became clear to me. Tatiana feels her father so strongly that it seems as if it is happening to her herself. She really feels her father's emotions. It's great that you want to join the party Monica. I'll see if I can find a suitable location.

There's an association building just outside town, maybe we can use that. There is only one small problem. Because it is so little used it is not very well maintained and the toilets are broken. Then the municipality should have it repaired, I replied. The municipality has no money for that because they prefer to sell or demolish the building. I think that's a shame, said Monica, because if I had the money I would have bought it sooner to start my own restaurant. It is a beautiful location and I will have a lot of customers but the municipality does not want to rent it out to me. That's going to take too long, I said. Tatiana's parents will return from Zagareb next week. Maybe you can use the building, Monica said.

I know the alderman in charge personally and can ask him. Can you call him, I asked. I can do that, but I just need to find his number. She came back with the number and the phone. You can ask how much euros the municipality wants for the building. I will, but it won't be cheap. She called the councilor and spoke in Croatian. I didn't understand it, but I did hear that she threw all her feminine charm into the fray. Tatiana, who had meanwhile also come out of the bathroom, understood, of course. What is being said, I asked. Monica is negotiating hard. She is friends with the alderman and she knows that he is sensitive to her. That's how it should be, I said. Tatiana looked at me suspiciously but said nothing. Laughing, Monica hung up.

The alderman wants to meet us today Rob. Are you interested in that? I looked at Tatiana and she returned a doubtful look. She looked quickly at her bladder and I understood her immediately. Her bladder was full, very full. She really needed to pee after all that drinking and stopping.

It's okay Monica, the three of us are going there. We will have to go with 2 cars because I have a two-seater. That's all right, let's go right now. Do I drive past the location before we drive to the alderman, Monica asked. Good idea, I said and we walked out.

She has tea that will make me pee, Tatiana said. I don't know if I can hold it that long and still have sex underwater. I looked at her seriously, listen to me Tatiana, I'm organizing something that I didn't know beforehand but that I can enjoy a lot with. You and your parents too, so don't tell me now that you're going to disappoint me. She was really shocked by my attitude, she was not used to me. But I already need to pee Rob, I haven't been to the toilet in a long time and I've been drinking a lot. Then squeeze a little harder, I said.

She grumbled a bit but for me that was the end of the discussion. I started the engine and followed Monica. Tatiana sat in the passenger seat like an offended child. She has such a lovely body, I'm very lucky that I can play with that sometimes. When we arrived at the location I was relieved. The overdue maintenance was not too bad and could largely be solved by a contractor in a week. I walked past the building and saw that the paintwork was still in order. The garden had to be tackled. What's wrong with the toilets, I asked Monica. They are clogged, the sewer is too small for the large number of toilets. And they need a thorough cleaning just like the whole building. Yes indeed, I said and the garden can also be tackled. Are there good and reliable contractors here Monica. My brother is a contractor and he will be happy to help you. Great, that's solved, I grabbed Tatiana who was still offended by the arm and put her in the car. I didn't give her a look or a word.

I think we can go to the alderman. Monica got into her car and we drove to the center. Sorry Rob, Tatiana said a little shyly. It's okay, I told her we won't talk about it anymore. I understood very well that she had to fight hard not to have an accident. What do you think of the location, Tatiana. It's a nice location, but the council has neglected the building from the start, she replied. I see many opportunities to explore it so I'm looking forward to the conversation, I told her.

Do you want to buy it, Tatiana asked. Maybe if the price is right. It should not cost more than €300,000 because there is still a lot to be done. We arrived at the town hall. Listen Tatiana, she looked at me surprised. I think Monica has a lot more to her as a waitress. I want her to negotiate, but you have to listen carefully and tell me if things go wrong. That's good Rob but my pelvic muscles are working hard so it's hard for me to concentrate. Excited, I stepped into the room and gave Monica instructions.

Monica started the negotiation and asked for the price.

250,000 euros, said the alderman. Monica asked me for instruction. Listen, I said quickly to Monica. I want all drawings and permits that I have to apply for to be processed within 14 days. I understand what you want and will do my best, She started to negotiate and I asked Tatiana how it went. She's doing decent and being too hard, she'd better use her charm. You notice that she is pushing the bottom of her connection and with that the limits of her connection. She is too fanatical Rob you have to point that out to her later because she has it in her. The deal was closed and the alderman gave Monica all the papers for the building and I signed the contract of sale. I asked if we can get the key right away because we want to use the building for a party. Smart of you, I said. Monica was very proud of herself and gave me the papers. Rob she said, thank you for this opportunity. You did fine, I said. Now I'm going to the beach with Tatiana. Have fun, she called and walked to her car.

Tatiana and I also walked to the car and I noticed that she was leaning forward. She got in and immediately squeezed her pussy hard. She looked at me, I don't want to make you angry Rob but I can't hold it much longer. I haven't been peeing in a long time and I've been drinking a lot. I saw it in your belly that has a bulge above your navel. Give me some time to come up with a solution. Yes, but hurry up a bit. I train my pelvic muscles every day and while we are on vacation my bladder is trained every day by you but now it is getting too bad. I could tell by her face that she meant it.

Listen I said, how much pee did you have in your bladder the last time. I thought 1300cc Rob. All right, we'll drive to the beach and buy you a 100cc cup of coke. You drink it and we walk to the boat. There you urinate 3 times the cup full, then you still have about 1 liter in your bladder. That should work, right? Do you know what you're saying Rob, you act like 1 liter of pee in my bladder is little. If I take my hand away now, I'm afraid my pelvic muscles will give up.

Then you'll have to squeeze them harder for 15 minutes, I said laughing. Does it hurt and pressed on her bladder. Sadist, she said. No it doesn't hurt should it? I find it exciting when you feel uncomfortable and are afraid of having an accident. I don't like it when you're in pain. You have to say that when you're squeezing my tits underwater, she said adrem. Touche, I said and parked the car behind the boulevard close to the kiosk. I ordered a coke and paid. Before giving this one to Tatiana, I drank a few sips myself.

I handed her the cup and said we weren't going to buy a bathing suit because she couldn't fit now anyway.

Thank you Rob, I'm squeezing so hard I'm getting cramps in my pelvic muscles. I hope I don't have an accident in this crowd of people. She drained the cup and we walked to the boat. I saw that she was having a lot of trouble holding in her pee. We quickly got to the boat and sailed out of the harbor. I stopped the engine.

Now you can undress completely, I said. She took off her top and skirt and thong and stood naked in front of me. Her pussy was shaved and just above that I saw her full bladder. I've never seen him so full, a bulge above her navel. I stroked it gently and she let me go for a while. Rob, I really have to let go now because she is fuller than ever. I handed her the cup and she lifted one leg and leaned it against the dashboard. She just did a vertical split with a full bladder. She put the cup under her pussy and quickly peed it full. She was able to aim perfectly in the cup this way, but she had a lot of trouble stopping in this position. Quickly she put the cup under her pussy for a second time and also the third time. And relieve it a little I asked, a little bit she said. Pee 1 more cup full then there is less than a liter in your bladder and you can also enjoy what comes. That's great, she said sarcastically, and pissed the cup with force.

We had arrived at our location. I'm going for a swim, Tatianan said, and dived into the water naked. I saw her swim under the boat and she came up on the other side. Then she dived again and again she swam under the boat. Give me the oxygen bottle and I'll take it to the bottom. I gave her the bottle and she went into hiding and after a few minutes she came up and climbed into the boat. I now have to pee a lot more than yesterday when I started. And I also notice that my body is a bit tired.

I got totally excited by these words and she saw it right away in me. I see you are excited Rob and that will get me in trouble more often than yesterday. I don't mind but know that I am totally dependent on you. She quickly took off my swimming trunks, so I'm naked, you naked too, she said. Also take care of yourself because you are really not used to this yet. She was right but my hormones were screaming through my body. I handcuffed her and started kissing her hard. She had not expected this and tried to break free. When she did, she was a little confused and forgot to take a deep breath.

I grabbed her again and pushed her quickly but gently into the water. I saw her sink to the bottom and paused. After about 1 minute I also jumped into the water and dove to the bottom. She must be quite shocked, I thought. Without giving her the mouthpiece, I started taking her labia with both hands and gently pulling them apart. I looked straight into her vagina and saw that she was using a lot of force to hold up her pee. I started licking her pussy and risked her getting angry. She enjoyed feeling her hip movements. In the meantime, more than 4 minutes had passed and she calmly let some air out of her mouth. I handed her the mouthpiece and she breathed slowly.

She winked and I took the mouthpiece out of her mouth. I squatted over her, which put a lot of pressure on her bladder. Her eyes widened and she let out some air. I looked at the diving bell and 2 minutes had passed. Some air escaped from her mouth, but luckily she winked. I gently rubbed her full bladder and looked at her. 2.5 minutes had passed and she was enjoying herself. I lay down next to her again and started biting her nipples again with my other hand I started fingering her. Voluptuous, she began tossing her hips in the sand. I got up and looked at the clock. 3 minutes and she had her eyes closed.

She was cumming. All her muscles tensed and her first orgasm came almost immediately followed by a second orgasm. I already had the mouthpiece ready in my hand. She blew out quite a lot of air but I put the mouthpiece directly in her mouth. Panting, she took a breath. She was clearly having a harder time than yesterday. I let her breathe slowly and thought. Should I stop or continue. She knew this was going to be difficult because she had less energy than yesterday. Her body hadn't fully recovered yet, and she knew it. Still, she wanted to please me. If I stopped now it would make her feel bad so I decided to continue.

I looked at her and she winked with a smile, I took the mouthpiece out of her mouth and took a few big gulps. I knew I had to hurry because her powers began to diminish quickly. I turned her naked body on top of me and I felt her overfilled bladder pressing on me. He almost has to clap, that's no other way, I thought. So full, so hard it made my cock stiff and pressed against her pussy. Her breasts stuck into my chest. I kept kissing her and I had no idea how long we lay like this because I was out of my mind with horniness. She lay there with her arms behind her back on top of me and couldn't do anything about this situation.

Rob I want oxygen just look at me man, Tatiana thought. My bladder is super full and you're just driving against it. Also I feel your dick against my pussy. I'm a lesbian but it doesn't feel wrong, my lungs are burning because they are also getting full of CO2.

Suddenly a stream of piss escaped from her bladder. I looked at her and she smiled winking but I knew she was having a hard time. Only 3 minutes had passed when air escaped from her mouth. She was having a hard time and I gave her the mouthpiece. She inhaled deeply and I felt her breasts rise and fall.

The poor girl must be exhausted, I thought. She gave me a wink and I took the mouthpiece out of her mouth. I was now behind her and had no more eye contact. I hoped I knew when her body had been pushed to its limits. I slid my body until she could grab my cock. She started playing with it and I started twirling her nipples then I lowered my arm and lifted her leg and put my finger in her hole.

Pff Rob this is not a position to pull your cock, Tatiana thought. My arms are cramping and I really need to pee I feel every movement you make with your finger against my bladder. It would also help if you handle my pussy a little less hard and why do I have to hold my leg up like a ballerina, Tatiana thought. Under normal circumstances I'm nimble and strong enough to keep this up for a while but now I'm getting cramps. Cramps in my hands and cramps in my legs are signs of oxygen deprivation and muscle fatigue, Tatiana reasoned. Please give me the mouthpiece Rob.

I felt her chest swell more and more so her lungs started to fill with co2. I couldn't look into her eyes, you must be a big girl for a while, I thought and started squeezing her breasts again.

