Match Made in Heaven

Author: Frankjonathan

*000*2024-02-14 05:34

Chapter 1: The Accident

Brianna is a typical farm girl turned city folk. She was raised caring for cattle with her mom and a dairy farm, had a small rabbit breeding business, and now even has chickens she takes care of. Everything wasn't always sunshine and rainbows. She had a rough upbringing with many awful men taking advantage of her. An abusive father left them on the run, going from house to house. Only when she turned, 16 did things finally start to settle down with a good home and a good stepfather. 4 years later, she was done with school and in a very happy relationship dating a cute 20-year-old boy. He is tall, dark, and handsome, something you would typically only imagine. She stood at 5 ft even, while he was 5 ft 11 inches. They've been dating for about three months now. Every Tuesday night, they would go to the movies to see the $5 movie of the week. It was an excellent way for them to spend time together and share something they both enjoyed.

Brianna worked on her chicken pen across the road from her city house. It was on a Tuesday evening, so she knew Brandon would be over in a little bit to pick her up and hang out. He was such a sweet boy. Both he and Brianna were raised as Christian kids. So they weren't into fooling around at the movies or doing anything too naughty. But they are both still young, and to say they didn't have feelings for each other in that way, would be a total lie.

Pulling out her phone, Brianna saw it was 6:10 PM.

"I'm almost done. I need five more minutes. Then I can head home to get ready for when Brandon gets here," she told herself. It was then she realized how badly she also had to pee.

"I can hold it, nearly there," she told herself, as she started bouncing her hips up and down doing a little potty dance while her hands were busy putting the last touches on the fix needed to her chicken pen. The chickens would escape again if she didn't get this done right. Forget having breakfast in the morning. She would be lucky if they didn't turn up as chew toys for a nearby dog.

"Almost there," she said while twisting the metal fencing around the post. But now she was crossing her legs, trying as hard as she could to hold it in.

"Come on. I can do this!" Just as she finished tightening that part of the fence, the two worse things happened. First, the other side of the fence came undone, meaning she would need to go over there quickly and fix that before the chickens escaped. Secondly, Brandon just pulled up in his Chrysler.

"Not now! Couldn't he have been five minutes late?" Brianna thought to herself. She quickly started to run over to the other side of the fence when she lost the fight.

*hiss*

Brianna started peeing her pants as she made her way to the side of the fence that broke.

"No! How could I have let this happen? I'm 20, not 2. This is the most embarrassing thing ever to happen. My mom is never going to let me live this down. I guess the nickname was right, Pee-ana." All of these thoughts flooded her mind in an instant.

"Oh my gosh! Brandon is right there. If he didn't see it already, he'll see it when I go to return home. There is no way I can hide this." Her jeans were soaked, and two dark blue streaks ran down her inner legs.

"Can I blame it on spilling water on myself?" She thought, trying to find a way to avoid the embarrassment any more than she had to. Not wanting to waste more time, she quickly strung the fence enough so the chickens couldn't escape. Then promptly ran across the street to her home. As she did so, she crossed right in front of Brandon's car. There was no way that he didn't see that she had peeded her pants.

"She is in a bit of a hurry," Brandon thought, seeing her sprinting, trying to avoid eye contact with him.

"Wait, did she pee herself?" He sat a little straighter in his seat, trying to get a good look at her pants while she was running by.

"No way." He couldn't believe his eyes. It looked like she did. And with how she acted, it was almost sure that was the case. Not wanting to make matters worse, Brandon pretends to be on his phone as he watches Brianna enter her house. He figures he should wait ten minutes before walking to the house to pick her up. If she did pee her pants, she would want a minute to get cleaned up and knowing her mom. There would be some comments. Her mom meant well and would try to be funny, but in cases like this, she doesn't realize that's not the time to joke around.

****

"Hey, Bri, it looks like Brandon is here." Her mom started. "oh my gosh, did you pee your pants?"

"I don't want to talk about it. I want to get cleaned up and forget this whole thing happened."

"I mean, I know you are excited to see the guy, but come on, girl, you got to have some control."

"MOM!" Brianna shouted back at her mom. She really wasn't in the mood right now.

"Hey, don't get mad at me, Miss Pee-ana. You're the one who peed their pants right when your boyfriend showed up."

"Seriously, I don't want to talk about it."

"Alright, fine. But you better hurry up before he thinks somethings up."

"If I'm lucky, he didn't see anything."

"It looks like he is on his phone."

"Good, I'll send him a text telling him I'll be out in a minute." with that, she pulled her phone out of her pocket. Luckily it doesn't look like she soaked that too.

'Hey, hun, I'll be out in a minute, just chatting with my mom real quick.'

"There, message sent."

*Ding*

'Hey, hun, I'll be out in a minute, just chatting with my mom real quick.'

"Shoot, that means her mom probably saw. Hopefully, she didn't pick on Brianna too much," Brandon thought.

'No worries, take your time. I got here a little early. So Just let me know when you are ready.'

*Ding*

"Phew, I don't think he saw. I'm going to get cleaned up. Don't say a word to him about this," Brianna told her mom.

"I won't, I promise."

Brianna then ran up the stairs to her bedroom as fast as possible. She snagged a change of underwear and pants. Then into the bathroom to get cleaned up. Working on a dairy farm helped her learn how to get cleaned up excitedly, well, and fast. Within 5 minutes, she had managed to get herself all cleaned up. She wiped her legs with a wet towel to remove the smell of urine, put on some perfume, and got dressed. Soon after, she was out the door and climbed into Brandon's car.

"Whoa, that was fast," Brandon said to Brianna.

"What do you mean?" She asked him, wondering if he knew she had peed her pants.

"Your conversation with your mom. You two sometimes can talk a while, given I was here early. I just thought maybe she would want to keep chatting with you for a while longer" Luckily, Brandon was quick on his feet. He was able to come up with that reply quickly. In reality, he was shocked at how quickly she could get changed and cleaned up from her accident.

"Oh yeah, heh. I was excited to see you, so I wanted to keep it short." She told him. "Phew, he didn't see," she thought.

"Phew! She doesn't know that I saw her. Should I say something about it?" Brandon thought. I might ruin the evening, but it could also be a chance for them to grow closer.

*002*2024-02-14 13:45

{{6 hours ago, david_578 said:

I like the story and want to see where it goes!

Tiny bit of "constructive criticism" to help for next time... when you've written "few" several times... and you meant an expression of relief rather than small in number, the correct spelling is "phew". No big deal, we can sound it out and know what you meant, and only slightly distracting from the story to read tt spelled that way. But in any case, please do continue!

}}

Thank you for the feedback! I completely missed that. I've gone ahead and updated the story to fix that mistake.

I'm glad you are enjoying the story so far.

*003*2024-02-18 23:45

Chapter 2: The Movies

Brianna felt a sense of relief as she settled into her seat next to Brandon in the cinema. She still felt self-conscious about the incident. As the previews for the movie played, Brandon tried to lighten the mood with a joke.

"Hey, Brianna, do you want to make a run for the bathroom before the movie starts?" he asked, nudging her playfully.

Brianna smiled, grateful for the lighthearted gesture. "No, I'm good," she replied, giggling.

The movie started, and they both sat in silence, watching the screen. Brianna found herself getting lost in the plot, and for a brief moment, she forgot about the incident. But as the movie dragged on, she began to feel antsy. She knew that she should use the bathroom before it was too late, but she didn't want to draw attention to herself.

Brandon must have sensed her discomfort because he leaned over and whispered, "Hey, do you need to go to the bathroom? The movie is two hours long, you know."

Brianna blushed, realizing that he knew exactly why she was fidgeting. "No, I'm fine," she said with a hint of stubbornness.

As the movie ended and they stepped out into the lobby, Brianna felt a knot in her stomach. She had made the mental decision to hold it in until she got home. She glanced over at the sign pointing to the restrooms, hesitated for a moment, but made up her mind to ignore it. Brianna didn't want to cave in and admit she had trouble holding it in.

Brianna turned to Brandon, "Let's just go. I don't feel like going to the bathroom."

Brandon looked at her, "Are you sure? You look like you need to go."

"I said I'm fine!" Brianna replied, irritation creeping into her voice.

Brandon nodded, sensing that she didn't want to talk about it anymore. As they walked back to his car, Brianna couldn't help but feel the pressure building. She knew that she really needed to pee, but she was determined to hold it in until she got home.

As they drove back, Brianna fidgeted in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position. Brandon noticed her discomfort and reached over to take her hand.

"Are you okay?" he asked, looking at her with concern.

Brianna nodded, "I'm fine, just uncomfortable."

"Brianna, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry if I made things awkward with my jokes earlier. I didn't mean to upset you," he said, looking at her with concern.

Brianna felt her face flush. "What jokes?" she asked, hoping that he hadn't noticed the accident.

Brandon looked at her, "The ones about the bathroom. I'm sorry if it made you uncomfortable."

Brianna's eyes widened. She felt a sudden wave of anger wash over her. "Did you see that? Did you see me... you know..." she trailed off, unable to say the words.

Brandon hesitated, "I... yes, I saw it. But Brianna, it's okay. It happens to everyone."

Brianna felt a lump form in her throat. She couldn't believe that he had seen her like that. "I can't believe you didn't tell me. I feel so embarrassed right now," she said, tears welling up in her eyes.

Brandon could sense that Brianna was angry and upset. He knew that he had crossed a line by bringing up her accident, and he felt terrible about it. "Brianna, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you," he said, his voice full of regret.

Brianna took a deep breath, trying to calm down. "Brandon, why would you bring that up? I didn't even know that you saw what happened. Now, I feel really embarrassed," she said, her voice shaking slightly.

"I'm sorry, Brianna. I just thought that maybe we could talk about it and get it out in the open," Brandon said, his voice gentle and sincere. "And while we're on the topic, I have something I want to share with you too."

Brianna looked at him, intrigued. "What is it?" she asked, her anger starting to dissipate.

"Well, I've always had a bit of a strange attraction to accidents. Like when someone has an accident in their pants or wets themselves," Brandon said, his voice barely above a whisper.

Brianna's eyes widened in surprise. She had never heard of anything like that before. "Really? That's a thing?" she asked, feeling curious despite herself.

Brandon nodded, "Yes, it's called Omorashi. I know it sounds weird, but it's just something that I find attractive. I've never told anyone about it before, but I felt like I could share it with you."

Brianna smiled, feeling relieved that Brandon was opening up to her. "Thank you for telling me, Brandon. I'm glad that we can be honest with each other."

They drove in silence for a while, both lost in their thoughts. Brianna was still a little embarrassed about her accident, but she felt more at ease now that they had talked about it. She was also fascinated by Brandon's confession, and she couldn't help but ask more questions.

"So, do you like to see accidents in real life or just in videos and stuff?" she asked, her curiosity piqued.

Brandon shrugged, "It's a little bit of both, I guess. Sometimes it's more exciting to see it happen in real life, but I also like watching videos and reading stories about it online."

Brianna nodded, trying to understand. "I see. It's kind of like a fetish, right?"

Brandon nodded, "Yes, that's exactly what it is. I know it's not for everyone, but it's just something that I find attractive."

Brianna's mind was racing. This was all too much to take in. She didn't know how to respond.

"Why are you telling me this?" Brianna asked, her voice shaky. "And why did you ask if I wanted to go to the bathroom if you secretly wanted to see me have an accident?"

Brandon took a deep breath, knowing that this was a lot for Brianna to process. "I'm telling you this because I trust you, Brianna. I want you to know that I'm not judging you, and that I still care about you. As for the bathroom question, I did want to see you hold it in, but I also wanted you to be comfortable. I never would have forced you to do something that made you uncomfortable."

Brianna nodded, still feeling embarrassed and uncomfortable. "I don't know what to say, Brandon. This is all so new to me."

Brandon reached over and took her hand. "It's okay, Brianna. I understand that this is a lot to take in. I just wanted to be honest with you."

Brianna looked at him, trying to process everything that had happened. She couldn't believe that Brandon was attracted to accidents, but at the same time, she appreciated his honesty.

"Thank you for telling me," Brianna finally said. "I don't really know how to feel about it, but I appreciate you being honest with me."

Brandon smiled, relieved that Brianna wasn't completely put off by his confession. "Of course, Brianna. I care about you, and I want us to be able to talk about anything, no matter how uncomfortable it might be."

***

Brianna felt her heart racing as Brandon pulled up to her house. She had been holding her pee for so long that she was about to burst.

"Thanks for the ride," Brianna said, trying to keep her voice steady.

Brandon turned to her, "Are you sure you're okay? You look like you're in pain."

Brianna nodded, "I'm fine, just need to really use the bathroom."

As she got out of the car, Brianna suddenly had a mischievous idea struck her.

"Brandon, wait!" she called out to him, turning around to face him before she got too far from the car. "I want to show you something."

"What is it?" he asked, looking at her curiously.

"Come here silly," she told him playfully

Brandon got out of the car leaving it running, and walked around it to meet her, without warning as he was reaching for her arms to hold her lovingly, Brianna relaxed her bladder and let out a stream of warm pee. She felt the liquid soak through her pants and run down her legs, but she didn't care. She wanted to show Brandon that she loved him.

Brandon's eyes widened in surprise as he watched her pee her pants. At first, he didn't know what to think, but then he realized what Brianna was trying to do. He smiled, feeling touched by her gesture.

Brianna felt a mix of emotions - relief that she was finally able to pee, but also a sense of vulnerability as she stood there, wetting herself in front of him.

"Brianna, you didn't have to do that," he said, holding onto her arms lovingly.

"I know," Brianna replied, grinning from ear to ear. "But I wanted to. I want you to know that I love you and accept you, no matter what."

Brandon pulled her close and hugged her tightly, feeling grateful to have her in his life. "I love you too, Brianna. Thank you for being so understanding and open-minded."

As they hugged, Brianna felt a sense of relief wash over her. She knew that her love for Brandon was stronger than any embarrassment or shame she might feel.

*006*2024-02-25 17:03

Chapter 3: Aftermath

Brianna's heart was pounding as she reached the front door of her house, relieved to finally be home and out of sight. She knew she had to act fast to avoid any questions from her mom. She unlocked the door and slipped inside, hoping that her mom wouldn't notice anything amiss.

"Brianna, is that you?" her mom called from the living room.

"Yeah, it's me," Brianna replied, her heart racing.

As she walked past the living room, her mom looked up from her book and did a double-take.

"Brianna, did you have another accident?" her mom asked, a hint of amusement in her voice.

Brianna felt her face flush with embarrassment. She knew that her mom was just joking, but the timing couldn't have been worse.

"No, Mom, I'm fine," Brianna replied, trying to sound as casual as possible.

But her mom wasn't easily fooled. "Are you sure? Your pants look a little wet."

Brianna panicked. She didn't want to lie to her mom, but she also didn't want to reveal what had happened with Brandon.

"I spilled some water on them," Brianna lied, hoping that her mom would buy it.

Her mom looked at her skeptically, but didn't press the issue. "Well, be more careful next time. We don't want you to turn into Pee-anna," she said, chuckling to herself.

Brianna forced a smile, but inside she was seething. She had always hated that nickname, and she hated it even more now that her mom had just made that joke at her expense.

Brianna retreated to her room, feeling a mix of shame and anger. She knew that she couldn't keep her accident a secret forever, but she didn't want to face her mom's teasing and disapproval. She got changed into clean clothes and then flopped down on her bed.

As she lay on her bed, Brianna couldn't help but replay the events of the day in her mind. She thought about how embarrassed she had felt when Brandon had seen her have an accident, and how confused she was by his confession. She didn't know how to feel about his attraction to accidents, but she knew that it made her feel uncomfortable.

Brianna lay there on her bed, lost in her thoughts when her mom knocked on her door.

"Brianna, can I come in?" her mom asked.

Brianna hesitated, not really in the mood to talk, but she knew that her mom wouldn't take no for an answer.

"Sure, come in," Brianna replied, sitting up on the bed.

Her mom came in and sat down next to her, looking at her with concern. "Brianna, I'm sorry if I upset you earlier. I didn't mean to make fun of you. I know that you haven't had an accident in a long time, and I should have been more sensitive."

Brianna felt a pang of guilt. She knew that her mom loved her and was just trying to lighten the mood, but she couldn't help feeling hurt by the constant teasing.

"It's okay, Mom," Brianna replied, trying to keep her voice even. "I'm just not feeling great right now."

Her mom put her arm around her, "I know, sweetie. You've had a rough day. Do you want to talk about it?"

Brianna shook her head, feeling like she couldn't open up to her mom about what had happened with Brandon. She didn't want to risk her mom's disapproval or judgment.

"I just need some time to myself," Brianna said, trying to hide the tears that were welling up in her eyes.

Her mom nodded, giving her a gentle squeeze. "Okay, honey. You know that I'm always here for you if you need anything. Just take your time and rest, okay?"

Brianna managed a weak smile, feeling grateful for her mom's love and support. "Thanks, Mom. I will."

After her mom left, Brianna lay back down on her bed, feeling more alone than ever. She wished she could talk to someone about what had happened, but she didn't know who to turn to. She couldn't confide in her mom, and she didn't want to burden her friends with her problems.

As Brianna lay in bed, she couldn't shake off the feeling of unease that had settled in her stomach. She knew that she needed to talk to someone about what had happened, but she didn't know who to turn to.

After a few minutes of agonizing over her options, she decided to text Brandon. She hesitated for a moment, unsure of what to say, but eventually typed out a message: "Hey, are you home yet?"

A few seconds later, her phone buzzed with a response: "Yeah, just got back. Everything okay?"

Brianna took a deep breath and typed out her reply: "Not really. I can't stop thinking about what happened today."

There was a pause before Brandon responded: "I know it's weird, but I just wanted to be honest with you."

Brianna felt a pang of frustration. She knew that Brandon was trying to be sincere, but his confession had only made things more complicated.

"I appreciate that, but it's not that simple," Brianna wrote back. "I don't know how to feel about it."

There was another pause before Brandon replied: "I understand. Maybe we can talk more tomorrow?"

Brianna sighed. She knew that putting off the conversation wouldn't make things any easier, but for now, it was all she could handle.

"Okay," she typed. "Thanks for understanding."

As she put her phone down, Brianna felt a wave of exhaustion wash over her. She knew that she couldn't keep avoiding the problems she was facing, but for tonight, she just needed to rest.

***

As soon as Brianna disappeared into her house, Brandon's mind began to race. What had just happened? Had he really just admitted to having a strange attraction to accidents? He couldn't believe he had let that slip out, but something about Brianna made him want to be honest with her.

Brandon's mind was still reeling as he got into his car and started the engine. He sat in silence for a moment, trying to process everything that had just happened. He had no idea how she was going to react. He couldn't stop replaying the image of her wetting her pants in his mind, and he felt a strange mix of arousal and guilt.

As he drove home, his thoughts continued to spin. He tried to distract himself by turning on the radio, but the music just felt like white noise. He couldn't shake the feeling that he had just made a huge mistake. He wondered if he had ruined his friendship with Brianna, or if he had just made things incredibly awkward between them.

When he pulled up to his house, he sat in the car for a few moments, steeling himself for whatever was to come. He didn't know if Brianna would text him, or if she would even want to talk to him again after what had happened. He wished that he could turn back time and erase everything that had just happened, but he knew that was impossible.

That's when his phone buzzed with a text from Brianna. "Hey, are you home yet?" He felt a pang of anxiety as he read the message. What was she going to say? Was she going to tell him that she never wanted to see him again?

He hesitated for a moment before responding. "Yeah, just got back. Everything okay?" He tried to sound as casual as possible, but his heart was pounding.

"Not really. I can't stop thinking about what happened today," she replied. Brandon felt a wave of relief wash over him. She wasn't rejecting him outright.

"I know it's weird, but I just wanted to be honest with you," he texted back.

"I appreciate that, but it's not that simple, I don't know how to feel about it," she replied.

"I understand. Maybe we can talk more tomorrow?" he suggested.

"Okay. Thanks for understanding," she replied.

As Brandon put down his phone, he felt a mix of emotions. He was relieved that Brianna wasn't completely freaked out by his confession, but he was also disappointed that she didn't seem to share his attraction to accidents. He didn't know what was going to happen next, but one thing was for sure: his life was about to get a lot more complicated.

When Brandon walked into his house, his dad was sitting in the living room, reading the Bible. "Hey, Dad," Brandon said, trying to sound casual.

"Hey, son," his dad replied, putting down the book. "How was your day?"

"It was good. Just hung out with Brianna for a while," Brandon said, trying to keep his voice neutral.

His dad raised an eyebrow. "Just friends, right?"

Brandon nodded quickly. "Yeah, just friends."

His dad looked at him sternly. "You know how I feel about dating, Brandon. As a Christian, we have to follow God's rules and not give in to worldly temptations."

Brandon's heart sank. He knew that his dad was legalistic about Christianity, but he couldn't help his feelings for Brianna. He didn't want to lie to his dad, but he also didn't want to give up his friendship with Brianna.

"I know, Dad," Brandon said, trying to sound as respectful as possible. "I'm not trying to go against your wishes, but Brianna is different. She's not like anyone else I've ever met."

"That may be, son," his dad replied, his tone softening slightly. "But you have to be careful. You don't want to get yourself into a situation that you'll regret later."

Brandon felt a wave of frustration wash over him. He knew that his dad meant well, but he was tired of living by such strict rules. He was an adult now, and he wanted to be able to make his own decisions.

"I know, Dad," he replied, trying to keep the annoyance out of his voice. "But Brianna and I are just friends. It's not like I'm doing anything wrong."

His dad looked at him skeptically but didn't say anything more. Brandon knew that he had to be careful not to give himself away. He didn't want his dad to find out about his attraction to accidents, or his deeper feelings for Brianna. He had a feeling that his dad would not understand either of those things.

As he retreated to his room, Brandon felt a mix of emotions. He was relieved that he had made it through the conversation with his dad without revealing too much, but he was also frustrated by the restrictions that his dad placed on him. He knew that he couldn't keep his relationship with Brianna a secret forever, but he also didn't know how to tell his dad without causing a huge fight.

He sat on his bed, staring at his phone. He wanted to text Brianna and tell her everything that had just happened, but he didn't want to burden her with his problems. He felt like he was stuck in a never-ending cycle of anxiety and frustration, and he didn't know how to break free.

As he lay there, he couldn't help but think about Brianna. He wondered if she was feeling the same mix of emotions that he was. He wished that he could talk to her about everything, but he knew that he couldn't risk putting her in a difficult position with his dad.

Eventually, Brandon drifted off to sleep, his mind still racing with thoughts of Brianna, his dad, and the secrets that he was forced to keep.

{{On 2/20/2024 at 2:27 PM, OmoJack said:

Great job. Really enjoying this, hope it continues

}}

Thank you!

I have more parts written but I don't want to disappoint anyone by falling behind and not having anything for a while, so I've been releasing them 1 at a time, 1 week apart. This way, I have all of the next week to get further ahead or review any suggestions and see about going back and editing any parts I already have written to better include them in the story. The next four parts are already done, with the 8th chapter in review, so there is already another month's worth of content accounted for. 🙂

I also set up a supporter group so anyone wanting to get early access and support my writing can, but I still want a free option, hence posting them 1 week apart anyway, regardless of the support I get.

