Kayla's Punishment

Author: fullbladder

*000*2017-10-08 08:35

Kayla felt that familiar feeling of nervous excitement in the pit of her stomach as she waited for her boyfriend of two years to exit the walk-in closet. She had been a naughty girl again and it was time for her punishment. It would be something worse than the last one and she knew it. She had grown to love spanking, nipple pinching, and the like from her man, so she pushed the envelope constantly.

“Take off your fucking clothes”, Darren commanded as he walked back into the bedroom. He was now fully dressed for work in a suit and tie, which made Kayla even hornier. She shyly undid her sheer nightie, feigning humiliation as her 40D breasts spilled out. Darren ignored the sight of his busty, beautiful lover being illuminated by the morning sun. He threw a pair of grey cotton panties at her along with form-fitting light blue jeans.

“Put these on, dirty slut… and you better do it quickly!” he instructed. She realized with slight disappointment that there wouldn’t be a spanking today after all. Oh well, hopefully Darren had thought up something just as fun. She purposefully turned her naked body as she slipped on the panties and jeans, so he could admire her shapely ass. She knew he was wild about her curves. Her beautiful Cuban mother had sure passed down some amazing genes to her.

No sooner had she finished her sultry show of dressing up for him, she was dragged into the kitchen by the arm. “Fill up a glass of water, bitch”, he directed again. He produced a blue pill from his pocket and placed it in her mouth. “Now drink!”

Kayla wondered what was up as she sipped the water. This was unlike any other punishment he had given her. What drug had she just taken? Maybe she would feel high soon and the torture would really start then. She barely finished the water before he barked again “Good… now fill up that glass and drink again!”

Now, she was more puzzled than ever. What exactly was he planning? Did the drug need to be taken with lots of water? Yes, that must be it. Her drinking slowed as her belly filled with water; her morning thirst had long been quenched. “Hurry up, whore- I haven’t got all day here!”

Kayla obediently chugged down her second tall glass of water that morning, hoping that would be the final one. No dice. He pointed her towards the sink again and she repeated the exercise. She felt horribly bloated now, to the point where she feared she might vomit.

Darren reached into a kitchen cabinet and produced a small chain. Before Kayla could even make sense of what was happening, he had pulled the chain through the belt loops of her trousers and padlocked the ends together.

Kayla’s hot excitement immediately turned into a cold panic as she looked down at her bound jeans. “What are you doing, honey?”

“Going to work, babe. Have a great day!” He chuckled, as he picked up his briefcase.

“Dar, wait! I have my piano lesson today. I can’t hold all this water all day- please!” She begged tearfully. She was feeling like she had to pee already, even though she had used the toilet just minutes before.

“Well, you shouldn’t have sat on his lap last time then! By the way, that pill was a powerful diuretic- you’re going to feel thirsty, hon. Make sure you stay hydrated!” With that, he slammed the door behind him, shutting out her protests.

That prick! He had really fucked her this time- she had not anticipated punishment of this nature! Maybe she had gone too far with the whole sitting on the lap selfie prank. Darren knew that Kenneth, her piano teacher, was gay. However, that didn’t stop him from punishing her when she took suggestive photos with Kenneth and showed them off inadvertently. It was usually harmless stuff which she had to push her teacher into, like him touching her breasts or her fondling his junk through clothing. However, this sitting on the lap deal had been a step further in Darren’s eyes.

Kayla tried to pull her jeans down, without any luck. He had really fastened the chain tightly. She would have to call her sister for help. She was a real estate agent, so it was inevitable that she would have bolt cutters lying around the house. As Kayla walked back to the bedroom, she realized her cellphone wasn’t at its usual spot on her bedside table. She absentmindedly scanned the room, coming to the realization that Darren had stolen her phone. Oh no, she was really in trouble now- she couldn’t even call Kenneth to cancel the piano lesson in two hours! What was she going to do?

She would have to drive to her sister’s place and hope she was around. Kayla quickly pulled on a sweatshirt (long enough to hide her chain) and started to walk towards the garage. Wait, where were her keys? Once again, her eyes drifted to her bedside table. That cruel bastard had stolen those too! Dammit, the prick had thought of everything! On cue, she felt her mouth running dry. Despite the ocean of water sloshing about in her tummy, she felt thirsty. She tried to ignore the thirst but the dryness quickly expanded to her throat. She finally got herself some water and sipped carefully. “Just enough to wet my beak,” she thought to herself.

She could feel a growing urge to pee already. There were still ninety minutes to go before her piano lesson and she didn’t know how she would be able to play anything if her need for the toilet got much worse. Maybe it would help to watch some TV to get her mind off her predicament. Thinking about all the water in her tummy certainly wasn’t helping matters!

Kayla didn’t even get through one episode of a Friends before she found herself shifting uncomfortably in her seat. Fuck, her bladder was filling at an alarming rate! How the hell was she going to hold on until Darren got home? “That SOB better be planning on returning home soon to end this dumb joke,” she thought to herself.

Frustrated, she shut off the TV as the ending credits rolled and got up from the recliner sofa. She had to quickly grab her crotch as the sudden movement sent a jolt to her bladder. As she danced in place like a little school girl, she realized there was no way she was going to last the day without wetting her pants. The glass of water she had been sipping was now empty and she was unbearably thirsty again. That pill had her kidneys working overtime and her bladder was filling at breakneck speed. Heck, she would probably pee on the piano bench with Kenneth next to her at this rate! What the fuck was she going to do?

Kayla screamed in agony as she dashed around through house doing an awkward pee dance. Her need to pee intensified as she gave in to the protests of her dry throat and sipped more water- it seemed to flow right into her engorged bladder. Her abdomen was hard now, pushing up against the tight waistband of her jeans. She had bought these jeans almost ten years ago, when she was slightly skinnier. They fit a little tighter now and really showed off her curvy feminine body. More importantly, they dug into her stretched belly which held way too much water, making her desperation even worse.

There was only a half-hour to go now before Kenneth showed up at Kayla’s door. She desperately racked her brain for a solution to her urgent problem. Her thoughts were dominated by the painful warnings from her bladder and she struggled to contemplate anything other than the possibility of relief. Oh, how good it would feel if she could just let go! Just to be able to sit down on her beautiful toilet and release her waters into that fucking bowl! What a travesty that she had been denied this beautiful privilege she had always taken for granted!

Her thoughts drifted to when she had actually been in need of a toilet this badly. Never as a sober adult, as far as she could remember. She had certainly peed outside as a drunk concert-goer several times. There had been one occasion where she could clearly recall peeing her pants because the crowd around her had been too rowdy to escape to a faraway bush or tree. But, that had been a wet, muddy concert and no one had ended up the wiser.

Kayla’s eyes fell on the knife sitting on the kitchen counter. That was it! She could cut her jeans! Then she would just be able to pull her panties aside and finally PEE! The chain and waistband would still be a bother, but she could just pull up baggy sweatpants on top. Clutching her crotch with one hand and the knife with the other, Kayla danced to the bathroom. Seeing the toilet almost made her start peeing in her jeans. She dropped the knife on the tiled floor and shoved her free hand into her vaginal area, just barely preventing a leak. She was so close to wetting herself- too close. She had maybe a couple precious minutes before her body would involuntarily expel her urine into her clothes. She would wet herself and there was nothing she would be able to do about it.

Bending over to retrieve the knife was hell in itself. Kayla gasped sharply as the act added even more strain on her bladder and she had to engage every ounce of will in her body not to squirt in her panties. Quickly, she turned to face the six-foot mirror behind the bathroom door preparing herself to make the first cut. She realized this was going to be harder than she had anticipated. Her hands were clutching her pussy for dear life and she would surely lose control if she let go completely. She would need to use her right hand to cut while holding herself with the left.

She cautiously brought the blade in contact with her right inner thigh. This was going to be tough- the denim cloth really hugged her thick thighs. With a sharp breath, pushed knife into her leg. A stark pain shot up her leg and she screamed. The shock made her drop the knife again and a hot spurt of pee escaped her bladder. She had both hands in her crotch again as she struggled valiantly to stem the flow. Tears streamed down her face as she tried not to disgrace herself in front of her own toilet. She need to pee SO badly. An accident was imminent no matter what she did. Her warm urine would stream out of her bladder and she would soak her skin-tight jeans.

Crying helplessly, she inspected her leg. She had succeeded in making a small hole in the tough fabric. The stinging pain was still there, but she had to keep going. Nature was calling and that was that. Once again, she bent over to pick up the knife. As she moved one hand away from her groin, she felt another squirt escape her strained bladder. She clenched hard, just barely preventing the entire flood from escaping her poor body. She could feel the warm wetness on her fingers now. She had already peed through her panties and made a wet spot on her jeans.

Kayla straightened up and looked in the mirror again. How pathetic she looked, wetting her pants so helplessly. She put the tip of the knife back into the tiny hole in her jeans. The pain mounted in the tender area but she stubbornly continued on. She had to make a hole in her pants or she wouldn’t get to pee. She bravely pushed the knife towards her inner leg, trying to make the hole a little bigger, but the denim cloth resisted. She would need to use more force. Sighing, she looked at her crying self in the mirror before giving the knife a hard yank. This time, the pain was too fierce. The knife dug into her skin and she knew she had drawn blood.

She released the knife and staggered backwards. Any meagre hope of retaining bladder control was lost. Still desperately clutching her womanhood with her left hand, she started wetting her pants. By some miracle, she was able to direct her stumble to the toilet seat, avoiding a hard fall on the tiles. The initial drops of her accident dripped to the floor but the rest, somewhat fortunately, flowed through her jeans into the toilet below. With an exhausted gasp, she surrendered the battle against her bladder and allowed herself to wet her pants. Waves of relief washed over her as she shuddered, listening to the loud stream beneath her. She peed for what seemed like ages, until her large bladder was finally emptied. Then she sat on the toilet seat, feeling the warm wetness on her butt. How good it had felt to finally let go- such relief! The aroma of her urine somehow smelled pleasant to her in that moment, the warmth comfortable, and the relief orgasmic.

She must have dozed off on the toilet seat, because the next thing she heard was Kenneth entering the house and announcing that he was there for the piano lesson.

