Couples' Counselling

Author: fullbladder

*000*2024-01-16 01:18

Minka quietly followed her girlfriend, Bree, through the door of the small office. The fifteen-minute walk there had been a relatively silent one, probably the quietest walk they had ever had together. Minka couldn’t believe their three-year relationship was nearly at its end. It was easy to pinpoint the one moment when things had finally crumbled- the night after their big fight. The night Minka had stormed off to the pub to down way many drinks. The night Minka had drunk-dialed a bunch of old flings to complain about her lover. The night Minka had taken a Lyft ride to her ex-girlfriend’s place. The night Minka had spent in her ex’s bed.

Minka, in a deep slumber after a very long night, had been shaken awake by an outraged Chloe. She had wet the bed- she could feel the warm wetness on her stomach, butt and legs. Her head pounding as her ex screamed at her, Minka had taken a quick peek under the covers. Her violet cotton panties were drenched, along with the expensive white bedsheets. The smell of pee had filled her nostrils as she had moved to get to the bathroom. Despite her accident, she had still needed to pee quite badly- she had drunk way too much the night before. Her bladder had emptied and filled to capacity once again- in the same night.

Raising her hand in Chloe’s direction in an effort to silence her, Minka had groggily walked past the hysterical woman to the bathroom. The act had only enraged Chloe further, and she had followed her ex-lover of eight months to the toilet, thwarting her half-efforted attempt to shut the door. Too hungover and desperate to care about anything Chloe was saying, Minka had lowered her drenched panties to her knees and sat down on the toilet seat. Even with her throbbing headache, peeing had lifted some of the stress on her 25-year-old body. She had sighed audibly and Chloe had finally stopped yelling, realizing not a single word was sinking into Minka’s head.

Chloe had thrown up her hands in frustration, fighting the urge to slap Minka as she blissfully peed. She had thrown on some clothes and stormed off to work, unwilling to spend one more moment with her dumb bed-wetting ex. Minka had ditched her wet panties on the bathroom floor and returned to the soiled bed after a few hungry gulps of water from the tap. Her headache had immediately lessened and she had fallen asleep in seconds, stark naked on top of the wet sheets.

When she woke up again, the severe ramifications of her actions had finally hit Minka. It was noon on a Wednesday- her coworkers were probably wondering where she was. She had cheated on Bree with her ex. She had peed her ex’s bed. Minka had rushed to the bathroom for yet another desperate pee before quickly redressing- she opted to toss her wet panties into a plastic bag and go commando under her tight jeans. She scribbled a quick note, “Sorry! Here’s cash for drycleaning”, and placed a $50 bill on top of it. She knew Chloe wouldn’t appreciate the gesture, or the money for that matter, but it was the least she could do in the moment.

Minka had rushed home to wait for her girlfriend, fearing it was the end of their relationship. When Bree had gotten home, Minka had confessed everything. Bree had turned to leave, just as Minka had done the night before, but her teary lover had stopped her. Minka had begged her for another chance, even revealing her soaked panties to prove that the entire affair had been nothing but a drunken mistake. Bree finally agreed to stay, but sentenced Minka to the couch for the rest of the week and told her to book couples’ counselling sessions if she was truly interested in amending their relationship.

The next day, Minka had asked Shaun, her coworker- he had confided in her that he and his wife had gone to couples’ therapy last year. He was happy to give her Dr. Vira’s phone number, but did so with a naughty wink in his eye. “She’s great, I’m sure you two will love her.”

*002*2024-01-22 08:48

The first thing Minka noticed about the small office was the sweet smell of burning incense filling her nostrils, an immediate calming influence after the tense walk in. Next, the soft, soothing sound of flowing water filled her ears as the women passed through a secondary barrier a couple feet inside the entrance door- a thick set of multi-colored threads which dangled from the eight-foot ceiling, denying any view from the glass door into private counseling sessions.

The entrance door slowly closed and automatically locked with a telling click as the couple took in the cozy but alarming scene. The small, circular, office space was full of character, unique in every way imaginable. A seemingly random mix of rich color decorated the walls and ceiling of the dimly-lit room- blood red, lavender purple, jungle green, and the rare splatter of white. Massive darkly-tinted windows graced the office’s east wall, while an impressive mantle and fireplace (complete with a roaring fire) completed the west region. The black tiled floor was covered with rugs of varied textures, shapes, and sizes, seemingly collected from all around the world.

However, the central attraction of the space, aside from the even-more interesting woman there, was a formidable 5-foot white marble waterfall. It flowed tirelessly, boldly filling the small room with its naturally therapeutic sound. To complete the exotic, peaceful ambience, soft sitar music playfully danced with the flowing waterfall, and a pair of incense sticks burned next to a teapot set on a small table near the windows. Surprisingly, the room lacked all other furniture.

A pretty woman, seemingly in her late-thirties or early-forties, sat cross-legged on a floor cushion, her eyes shut in a calm, meditative bliss. Her relaxed posture alerted ever so slightly as she opened her eyes in acknowledgement of the lesbian couple entering her office.

“Oh, you’re early- I was just about to relieve myself before our time together started.” Dr. Vira spoke with a radiating peace which always helped soothe her troubled patients.

It took a moment for the therapist’s unusually direct words to register. A large empty mug rested in front of her- she had obviously drunk from it over the course of the morning and now needed to pee.

Bree spoke up. “It’s okay, we can wai-“

“Gosh, I fear I have completely forgotten my manners- this session is really yours and not mine.” The fit lady effortlessly rose to her feet, smoothing out her beautiful ocean-blue Hawaiian skirt in the same motion. “Namaste, the degrees on the mantle say I am Dr. Vira, but you may call me Simi.”

As Minka and Bree introduced themselves, Simi led them to the teapot and poured them hot cups of tea. She then retrieved her own mug, at least twice as voluminous as the couple’s teacups, and filled it to the brim. Finally, she walked the teapot to the waterfall, pushed it into the flowing water and waited until it was full again. With the insertion of a fresh teabag, the pot was plugged in again- it would be able to serve tea again in five minutes.

Simi invited the ladies to sit down on one of the other cushions placed near the waterfall and returned to her own seat. Minka stared as the therapist took several big gulps from her mug, her need to urinate seemingly no longer an issue. What a peculiar woman! And yet, very attractive at the same time!

Simi reached out her arms, inviting the two ladies to hold her hands. “Hello Bree, hello Minka. It is my pleasure to spend some time with you today- thank you so much for giving me this privilege.”

She paused, allowing the younger women to smile and nod in agreement. “I’m Dr. Simi Vira and I describe myself as a water therapist. I believe that water can play a part in healing all of us- this is why I have shared with you, my tea.”

Simi gestured towards the cups and lifted her own mug to her lips to take another big gulp. Minka and Bree sipped their own drinks- it truly was a great tea, with a strong flavor of cinnamon and honey.

“We ourselves are water- 60% of our bodies are water and yet, we need more of it. We need to consume it to survive, and we must expel it to cleanse us. Water is truly the essence of all life- the surface of our home, Mother Earth, is 71% water. She needs the rains from the heavens above for her children, the trees and plants, to grow. Then, we, along with our fellow animal brothers and sisters, can gather foods to nourish ourselves.”

Minka anxiously snuck a quick glance at Bree as Simi spoke. It seemed like she had made a truly grave mistake making an appointment with this crazy shrink. Her relationship was on the rocks and she had somehow left fixing their problems to a nutcase! Hopefully, Bree would be willing to give her a chance with another councilor. It didn’t look good- Bree’s gaze was locked on Simi and she was refusing to look over at her girlfriend, not even for one second!

“As I have already told you, I need to relieve myself. However, part of our discipline as adult women is waiting for an appropriate moment to allow for our water be released from our bodies. Hence, out of respect for you both, I will now wait for the right time to pass my excess water- hopefully after our work together is done today. However, I do hope you will forgive me if I need to excuse myself prematurely. At the end of the day, our discipline is highly secondary to nature. We can not stop our urine from flowing into our bladders any more than we can stop the ocean's tide from flowing into the shore. And so, once my own bladder is full enough, I will need to empty it. Otherwise, I will surely find myself sitting on a wet cushion in a wet skirt- that is simply a matter of fact, a steadfast rule of nature.”

She paused to shift uncomfortably on her cushion. “So please, kindly ignore my failure to relieve myself in a responsible manner- I should have peed before you arrived here for your session. I have made a truly childish mistake. However, to make amends, I will try my best to hold in my pee until our session together ends. As we continue drinking more tea together, I will undoubtedly shift around helplessly and hold my pussy like a little schoolgirl but please ignore my indiscretions and continue with the session. My severe discomfort will be merely my issue, my punishment for being undisciplined.”

The two ladies stared on, wordlessly and in shock- what the hell was going on?

*005*2024-02-15 00:33

I will definitely continue- thanks for the sudden burst of support. I'm just super busy at the moment with work, so it might be a few weeks- but I WILL continue, rest assured!

❤️

