Emily's and Lily's desperate day on the ski slope

Author: FriedrichBaum

*000*2020-08-17 18:44

Hello, this is my first wetting story. I attached a picture that fits to the story to make it more immersive. Also, English is not my native language, so there might be some mistakes.

Lily and Emily were looking forward to spend another great day on the ski slope. The two of them are on a 7 day vacation in the mountains, not far away from where Emily grew up. Both loved skiing and wanted to make the most of the few days they had. They intended to wake up early, so they could be the first at the main ski gondola which is usually extremely packed anytime after 10 am. But they overslept, mainly because Emily didn't want to wake up so early again and turned their alarm clock off.

While Emily, after she woke up, just used the bathroom as always, Lily, who was furious about oversleeping, jumped in her skiing clothes right after getting out of the bed and had breakfast like she just came back from the ski slope. They both drank two big cups of coffee. After breakfast, Emily was getting ready and Lily realized she forgot to pee and weighed out the options: either going to the bathroom now and laboriously get out of her clothes and back in, or hold it till they are at the foot of the mountain where there are countless restaurants.

She was interrupted by Emily who said she was ready to go and without wasting anymore time, they were driving their car to the parking lot outside of the gondola. They got into their skiing boots, took their ski out of the car and walked to the main gondola, only to realize, that their struggle in the morning had made them turn up too late. The station was packed and getting into the gondola would take atleast 15 minutes. A long time if you have to hold your ski and you are sweating because the temperature in the station was not what your outfit was designed for. "I told you so" said Lily, but Emily just rolled her eyes. The line took forever to get shorter and Lily now realized her need to pee was strong... stronger than she expected it to be.

She thought about using the bathroom here at the station, but they already advanced too much in the line and she didn't want to anger Emily by having to wait the 15 minutes again. Finally, they got into the gondola and after another 10 minutes, which felt like forever for Lily, they reached the station on the mountain. Lily wanted to use a bathroom now, but Emily had different plans. "We just got up here and it's already 12 pm, we can't waste anymore of our time. Who knows when we can have a vacation like this again?" Lily accepted that. Emily is her best friend and Lily didn't want to argue with her again. They took one of the smaller, open ski lifts. On it, Emily was talking about the route she prepared for today, but Lily wasn't listening. It was a cold day and the wind, that was flowing between her legs, didn't help. She put her hands between her legs.

When getting out of the lift, Lily saw a small bar. "Surely there is a toilet there" she thought. Lily turned around to Emily: "Emily, I really have to..." But Emily was not there. She was already 15 metres ahead on the slope. Lily had no choice than to follow her. There were different paths to get down and they might lose each other if they don't stay together. The slope was full of people, so there was no way she could squat anywhere. As she realized that there was no chance of relieve anytime soon, her need to pee increased drastically. Lily started to panic. Emily stopped when the slopes split apart. The easy, but longer path was marked with a blue arrow, and the much shorter but a little more difficult path, was marked with a red arrow. "I'll say we take the blue path to slowly get going for today" Emily said.

"Emily, I need to pee so bad, like really bad" Lily said, while putting a hand between her legs, because crossing her legs was obviously not possible "Alright then, let's take a break when we are back down" Emily replied, seemingly not aware of how desperate Lily was. She followed Emily down the blue path, looking for spots where she can try squatting, though knowing that she won't find any. It was a narrow path, with many other skiers. While skiing, Lily was able to blend out the fact that she was close to embarrassing herself. They then finally arrived at the Cafe at the bottom of the lift. Lily quickly removed her ski and ran into the cafe, only to realize that it was 1pm and the the cafe was absolutely packed.

She looked for the restroom and found a single bathroom with one toilet with a line of 15 woman. Using the bathroom with ski clothes takes forever, which explains the huge line.

"Okay, calm down Lily" she thought. She crossed her legs and started to think. If one woman takes a minute in the bathroom, this would take 15 minutes. Wouldn't it be faster to use the lift and get to the bar she has seen previously? She pressed her hand on her crotch. Her bladder needs an answer now. She decides that it would be better to go back up and quickly gets out of the cafe to look for Emily. She was sitting on one of the wooden benches. "Emily, I can't hold it anymore, the line is too long. We need to use the lift and get up to the bar at the top"

"What?" Emily replied "I just made it so comfortable for myself and ordered a cup of tea to keep myself warm, I can't leave now. Just go to the line and wait"

"No, no you don't understand" Lily was getting louder to make a point. "I'm about to piss myself, I..." She stopped talking in order to stop something else. Her urine just made a push to get outside and it took all her strength to stop it. "Well I don't know what you want me to do" Emily said while drinking her tea. Another wave hit Lily. This time she couldn't stop it completely. A fairly big amount of pee came out, making her panties wet. Lily couldn't believe it. She was peeing herself, as a 19 year old, in front of her best friend. She looked around. Everywhere there were people, eating and drinking. No private place where she could pee.

The toilet line is too long. Lily realized all hope was lost. Tears started to roll down her eyes as her bladder gave up. At first her panties were soaked, then her panty hose and leggings and lastly her ski pants. A puddle formed on the bench she was sitting, which then dropped on the snow, coloring it yellow. On the bright side, the pee felt warm and Lily was finally relieved. But she also felt extremely embrassed. "Oh my.." Emily screamed, as she saw what was unfolding in front of her eyes, but when she looked in the red face of her friend she felt nothing about pity and anger at herself, for not taking Lily's countless hints to look for a bathroom seriously. "I'm so sorry Lily, I didn't know that you had to go so bad, I didn't think that.."

"Its okay" Lily said "It's okay". Lily was scared that Emily would laugh at her, but that reaction made the accident a little bit better. Luckily, her ski pants were black so no one else could see. "I think it's better we go home, change clothes and shower, don't you think?" Emily asked. The warm pee slowly turned into cold ice, so Lily agreed. Emily finished her tea and headed for the bathroom in the cafe. The struggle of Lily affected her as well, so she decided that she wouldn't want to risk it, considering the coffee she drunk in the morning and the tea now. But the line hasn't gotten shorter, in fact, a school class, probably from one of the local towns, was waiting now as well. The young girls took even longer, because a teacher had to come in with them as well. "Ugh" she mumbled. Emily started to think about the bar Lily has mentioned and she had seen previously, though only short. It would be smarter to go there and take the lift instead of waiting here.

She told Lily her idea and although she wasn't happy to go back up with her wet pants, she agreed. They left their skis at the cafe, as they planned to take the lift back down anyway. On the lift, Emily crossed her legs and started to talk with Lily about what happened and apologized multiple times. After a while they could just laugh about it and Emily even touched Lily's wet spots between her legs. But Emily's need to pee increased as well and after they both got out of the lift, Emily rushed to the bar.

But she was disspaointed, because she didn't find what she was expecting. Instead of a small house, it was more of an open carriage selling souvenirs, some hot meals and drinks. There was no toilet, but Emily still asked for one. "There is one at the maintenance house, but it's only for employees" the lady at the desk replied. Emily is a shy girl, no way she would go to the maintenance house and ask for a toilet. She went back to Lily. "And?" she asked "There is no toilet here" Emily said. "And what do you want to do know?"

"I don't know.." Emily leaned forward and put her hands between her legs. Her urge to pee suddenly got stronger. "I have to look for some place quiet where I can pee, I won't hold it for much longer".

"I'll come with you" Lily said "I also still have to pee" They went around to look, but it was surprisingly busy for such a small lift and slope. Emily got desperate. Would she have to pee herself just like Lily? But Lily spotted a small cabin on the slope. "We can squat behind it. Most skiers will go past us quickly and won't see much" Lily said. "But what if someone sees us?" Emily expressed her concerns "Do you rather want to piss yourself, like I did?". As there were no other options, both quickly ran down the slope behind the cabin. Emily's need to pee increased dramatically. She walked behind the cabin, followed by Lily, and waited for some of the skiers to pass.

She crossed her legs. Why are there so many? Another one, another one. Lily didn't seem to care. She squatted and undressed herself and started to pee. The sight of Lily made her own need unbearable. She squatted down. Her bladder now knew: It was time to pee. Emily opened her jacket to get the suspenders of her ski pants down. She quickly unbuttoned her pants and dragged them down. Her pee slowly started to make its way out. She undressed her leggings. Her pee splashed out as she put her panties away from her crotch. It was a strong and loud stream. Emily moaned a little when she was finally able to relieve herself. The snow under her was quickly colored yellow. She peed for a good 30 seconds until the stream finally stopped. She dressed herself again. "Wow" Lily said "You REALLY had to pee". They both looked at each other and then started laughing. What happened today has made their friendship even stronger.

Thanks for reading. That turned out much longer than I expected. It would be nice if I could get some feedback as I am still unsure if i managed to write good desperation and pee/wetting parts

$$

