Tatiana - The bladder examination (part 1)

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-08 02:37

Tatiana- The bladder examination part1

We were having a drink in the garden of my house. Rob, Tatiana said, I have found a great replacement for my barber shop. I set my glass down and turned to her. Good for you because it is difficult to find good staff. Yes that is true Rob but I notice more and more that I would like to do something different than being a hairdresser. Oh, I said and what do you want to do then. I speak and read fluent Croatian Rob but I have to learn to write again. But I would like to do something with that knowledge, but I'm not sure what yet. You could of course start by taking a course to write the language again. I registered for that training last week, Tatiana said. Have you heard from Monica Rob, it's been a few months since she opened her restaurant. Nice of you to mention that, I replied, the restaurant makes a decent profit and Monica pays the rent every month. She also indicates that she is completely enjoying herself and is very happy with her restaurant.

I have now bought all the land because I want to make a water park there. I may want to live in Croatia for half a year to supervise the project. But at the moment these are just plans that I still have to work out, I told Tatiana.

How are your physical conditions Tatiana. I can still hold my breath for about 4 minutes and hold between 1400 and 1500cc pee in my bladder. I can also keep up the lap that I always run and sometimes I run a bigger lap, Tatiana replied.

Because I often fill my bladder, I have it checked annually. I then have to go to the hospital with a full bladder and then my bladder and pussy are examined.

If only I were a doctor, I said laughing.

I understand you would want that Rob because the waiting room is full of women who need to pee.

Can't I accompany you to the hospital, I asked. Normally I have no problem with that Rob. But this time I won't be good company for you when my bladder is full.

I don't understand you well because you always enjoy it yourself when you have a full bladder. You only get moody when your bladder is about to burst and you are afraid of an accident, I said in genuine surprise. That is precisely the problem Rob, this year it is the first time that I am not allowed to pass urine in the morning. So I still have all the drinks from the previous day in my bladder and system. When I wake up, I have to pee immediately because then my bladder is about to burst. Now the doctor wants me to stop and drink a few more glasses of water too. I'm really nervous about it Rob because I'm afraid I won't succeed. Then I don't have to make you pee in the morning anymore, then I don't have to wait so long for your bladder to be full. Forget that, but Rob doesn't really make me happy, she said nervously.

It rarely happens that Tatiana is so out of balance, she really has to worry about that. When is that investigation, I asked. The day after tomorrow, she replied. If I go with you then you can take it out on me if it gets too much for you. Maybe I like that but I don't know Rob. If you're coming along, you should know that I'm really nervous and might say things I don't mean. I have to be at the hospital at 10:30 am and wake up around 8 am. So you understand that I really have to pee really bad and will be in pain. You're pushing yourself too hard Tatiana but I understand you're uncomfortable. I'll be with you at 10:00 and I won't care what you say to me.

It was 10 o'clock and I rang Tatiana's doorbell, one moment Rob I'm coming. I waited at the front door and after a few seconds Tatiana came out. Good morning dear your taxi is here. We got in the car and went on our way. I deliberately didn't ask about the condition of her bladder because I could see it through her T-shirt. She was wearing comfortable leggings and a white T-shirt and that view left nothing to be desired. You can quietly look at me, you normally do that too, Tatiana said bitingly.

I looked at her calmly she was really irritated. She sat firmly with her legs crossed and with both hands pinching her pussy. Her eyes were on war, and frustration dripped from her face. I had never seen this with her so it must be bad. Rob my bladder is so full I'm afraid I'll pee my pants in the hospital. I put my hand on her legs and tried to reassure her. We're almost there so you'll be able to pee soon, I said.

Do you know how such an investigation goes Rob? I have to lie with my legs wide in braces and then the doctor will examine my pussy inside. I then have to get all my strength from my pelvic floor muscles because I can't squeeze. He then smears my bladder with a cold gel and goes over it with a device to see if my bladder is really full. When he has measured that every corner of my bladder is filled, then I can sit in a P-chair. The doctor then measures how much pee comes out of my bladder and how hard the jet is. Then I can lie down again and the doctor rubs gel on my bladder again and checks if I have peed everything out. I can tell you Rob it's the greatest torture for any woman to lie there.

Even if you live out your wildest dreams on me, I can tolerate it better than this investigation. Her nipples were hard with emotion and I even saw goosebumps on her arm.

She is so terrified of having an accident that she is stiff with nerves. I parked the car near the elevator. Can you feel my bladder? Rob, it's so tense I'm really afraid it's going to explode. Normally I would like to feel your bladder Tatiana but not now. You have it hard enough already. But may I say you look super sexy with those leggings and your T-shirt. For the first time, a small smile appeared on her face. She couldn't get enough compliments on being a woman. We were waiting for the elevator with an elderly couple. I can't take it anymore Rob it hurts too much. Hang in there girl, I said against my better judgment. Her body language indicated that she was almost at her limit. Bent over and with her hands between her legs, she was waiting. We got into the elevator with the couple and I pushed a cleaning cart to the side. We reached the correct floor but the doors remained closed.

No no, not now, Tatiana said convulsively. She stood there with both hands in her leggings, squeezing hard. I saw that the old man was watching Tatiana and enjoyed. I looked straight at him and he turned shyly. Rob I can't hold it anymore, I have to empty my bladder. The sweat was on her forehead. I quickly grabbed a bucket from the cleaning cart and set it in front of her. Pee in here, I said. She didn't care anymore and pulled down her pants. A huge stream came with a loud clatter into the buck.

The old man wanted to look but didn't dare. His wife said that we women have to go through that. Tatiana couldn't stop and there was a huge hissing sound. Suddenly the elevator doors opened and everyone saw Tatiana peeing in the bucket. I quickly pushed the cleaning cart in front of it and pressed the “close doors” button. Finally she was done and came up. Her face was red with embarrassment and she felt caught.

The doors opened and the elderly couple got out. I pressed the button and the elevator went down to the basement. I looked into the bucket and saw under the surface a line marked 1.5 liters.

There must have been at least 1700cc in her bladder. No wonder she was in pain because that's way too much. We got in the car and I drove to Tatiana's house. We didn't say a word. When we arrived at her house I stayed put as she got out. Won't you come in she asked, I thought you wanted to be alone for a while but I'd like to go with you.

Are you okay again I asked, yes I am less tense Rob. My bladder really hurt I can still feel it. She got up and went to the bathroom. And again a huge jet came out of her pussy. I heard the hissing sound through the open door. That's it, she said clearly relieved.

No wonder it hurt, I said. There was already 1700cc in the bucket and more came out. You shouldn't do that too often Tatiana. I only did this for the investigation Rob and I will have to do it again.

But you do that research voluntarily, I asked. That's true but for a reason. My body is my most important asset and I want to know if something is wrong with it. I do want to thank you for coming with me Rob. Because without you I would have peed my pants completely. You're welcome girl, but I have to go home now. We hugged each other and I went home. How I'd love to sit in the waiting room over there looking at those full women's bladders. It's weird if it's a strange woman then I can enjoy it. Now she's a good friend of mine and I feel sorry for her when she's in a lot of pain.

I was sitting at the computer and saw that I had received an email from Croatia. I copied the email and pasted it into google translate. I read that all permits were approved to open "The Swimming Paradise" in Split.

I had thought of opening a swimming paradise near the building I had purchased. Not just a swimming paradise, but there will also be a diving center where you can learn cave diving and wreck diving. I also want to have a kind of aquarium made for mermaids to swim in. Of course, a large swimming pool and jumping tower should not be missed. But I couldn't possibly finance it all myself so I had to look for local financiers. Unfortunately I don't speak the language and Monica has her restaurant. I poured myself a cup of coffee and let my mind wander. I certainly needed 10 million euros. I'm sure I have a good plan and it will work. But how do I approach the right people. Suddenly it occurred to me that Tatiana was looking for something else. She still had to learn to write Croatian again and I will have to pay her.

I called Tatiana and said, I've got some plans in my head and I'd like to talk to you about that. Would you like to go to the sauna with me and exchange ideas? That's good, Tatiana said.

Do you have the time and inclination to come with me to the hospital because I have made a new appointment. Okay Tatiana it's a huge task for me but I'll do it. I disconnected and decided to relax.

*002*2022-08-10 02:17

Glad to hear you like the story. I'll try to post part 2 before the weekend but at the latest during the weekend.

