The Wife Who Had To Hold It

Author: FullBladder85

*008*2017-03-02 00:45

=====

(The Wife Who Had To Hold It, Part #4)

Despite the confidence and control my prideful wife Kate had projected to me, much of it had been an act. While Kate still downed her bottle of water during her drive in, she also couldn't stop herself from constantly gripping her crotch and squirming her legs around in desperation. Kate knew she wasn't driving the safest due to being so distracted by the state of her desperate bladder, but she had been left with no choice by me not being in the office that day. Kate would have put the pedal to the metal and driven a lot faster than she was if she knew there was relief for her rock hard bulging bladder at the end of the trip.

But Kate knew full well there was no relief waiting for her at work. Kate had always disliked using public toilets, and often found them too dirty for her likings. So she tended to try to avoid public toilets if at all possible. Plus our office building was quite old, and Kate knew many of the old toilets at our company weren't low gallons per flush toilets. A single flush from one of those old toilets took at least 3 times the water as a flush from our low gallons per flush toilet at home, a fact that Kate was well aware of as a strong conservationist. And on top of all that, I had gotten Kate to promise me that she'd hold it all day and return from work still unrelieved, just to prove she could do it. Kate wasn't one to break promises she made when boasting to me in pride.

When Kate finally got to work shortly before 9 AM, she stayed in the car for a minute, gripping her pussy with both hands and squirming to try to calm her bursting bladder down a bit. Kate knew she wouldn't get many, if any, opportunities to squirm around so obviously like this at work today. After a few minutes Kate finally got out of her car, grabbed her laptop computer, and walked to the conference room her meeting would be held at. The only thing Kate could think about during her walk was how much more hellish her walking would have been in the same uncomfortable high heels from yesterday. Kate was so desperate already that wasn't sure if she could have managed to walk in the high heels without completely losing control of her iron bladder.

When Kate got to the meeting room she saw the administrative assistants had already put out some light snacks. They had also put out several pitchers of water, instead of the usual one they left in meetings for only two people. Almost everyone in the company who knew Kate knew how she practically inhaled a lot of water, yet almost never visited the toilets. Obviously that was why they had left so much water out for her. On most days Kate wouldn't have minded, but on today of all days Kate was sure it would just encourage her to over-hydrate even more to cope with her nerves. Still, Kate headed to the coffee machine in the back of the room to make herself a cup first, since she felt she needed a caffeine boost. After getting a cup Kate sat down in a chair, and since she was alone she crossed her legs and squirmed around some while waiting for her client to arrive.

Kate's client was a man named Steven, from XYZ corporation. Kate had never actually met him in person before, she had only spoken to him on the phone and in email previous. Kate had made sure to wear her best clothing and makeup just for him and this meeting. Kate always found it easier to negotiate better deals with men if she played up her looks to distract them. If Steven had been a woman then Kate wouldn't have bothered with the makeup, and would have chosen something that was a bit looser on her bladder that was still work appropriate.

While waiting for her client to arrive Kate continued to squirm around in her seat while she did some work on her computer. After a while Kate glanced at her watch, and saw it was 9:30 AM. Something wasn't right, Kate's client was supposed to have arrived at least 15 minutes ago. Realizing she probably should have done so sooner, Kate opened up her mailbox to check for messages from Steven. She saw a message from him had come in 2 hours ago, she opened it to read it.

"Kate, I've come down with a really bad flu, I can barely get out of bed. I think we'll have to reschedule our meeting unless XYZ Corporation is willing to send someone else on such short notice".

Kate swore in frustration as she scanned through the rest of her emails, and saw nothing from anyone else about being sent to fill in for Steven. Kate swore again, all that preparation, all that trouble with her nerves worrying about this meeting, and wearing her best but least comfortable clothing, all for nothing? Why hadn't she thought to check her email sooner? Kate wondered how much less water and coffee she would have drank yesterday if she weren't so nervous about a meeting today that wouldn't even happen.

Before Kate could start to pack up her things and head back to her office she heard the door start to open behind her. Kate immediately uncrossed her legs and stopped squirming. Kate turned around and was surprised to see a long haired blonde woman in a beautiful dress enter, escorted by one of the administrative assistants. The blonde woman was carrying her laptop under one arm, and carrying a cup of coffee in the other. Kate noted she was wearing 4 inch high heels, she also seemed to have a nervous look on her face.

"Kate, I'd like to introduce you to Courtney from XYZ corporation" said the administrative assistant as Kate stood up to shake the woman's hand.

"I know you were expecting my colleague Steven" apologized Courtney, "but as you know he got really sick with a bad flu that's going around. I'm sorry I'm late, I only just found out I had to fill in for him less than an hour ago. XYZ corporation really didn't want to cancel this meeting, even though I've barely had any time to prepare for it".

While Kate welcomed Courtney, in the back of her mind Kate cursed her bad luck again. Things were bound to go slower with a new woman to negotiate with, who might not even know much of what her and Steve had discussed previously. It was entirely possible that Kate might have to stay late now just to finish the negotiations, at least with Steven things would have moved more quickly. Plus Kate had wasted a bunch of time with her makeup and hair that she wouldn't have bothered with if she had known she was negotiating with another woman. Kate already felt her nerves starting to get to her, she suspected Courtney's nerves might also be getting to her already based on the blonde woman's body language.

Since there were 4 pitchers of water in the room Kate and Courtney each grabbed one and put it within reach of their chair. Courtney didn't even raise an eye brow over the seemingly excessive amount of water left out for just the two of them.

Kate had to spend the first half hour filling Courtney in on everything she had discussed with Steven previously before they could even start their negotiations. Even though Kate did a lot more of the talking, Courtney drained her cup of coffee faster than Kate, and poured herself a glass of water while Kate continued to do a majority of the talking. Kate found that noteworthy since she had always thought she and her husband had the biggest thirst around.

Once Courtney was filled in enough on the past, the women got to work at the negotiations, which was the part Kate and her nerves were dreading the most. Kate was certain from her body language that Courtney was having the same issue with her nerves, and was coping with it the same way Kate did, drinking more water to try to calm herself.

Over the next few hours Kate found herself constantly reaching for a pitcher of water to refill her glass to help calm her nerves, despite the increasingly urgent messages her already desperate bladder was sending her. Despite her bladder's desperate pleas, Kate's pride wouldn't allow herself to squirm or even cross her legs in front of Courtney. Kate felt trapped between a rock and a hard place.

Kate noticed however that Courtney was drinking even more water than Kate during that same time period. By 11 AM Courtney had finished completely draining her pitcher of water within an hour and a half, plus she had also finished the full cup of coffee she had entered the room with. The pitchers each held 2 liters of water in them, and it took 4 glasses to completely drain them. By that point my prideful and desperate Kate hadn't peed in 86 hours, and she had drank her cup of coffee and 3 glasses of water since her meeting had started. Kate's own rate of draining her pitcher of water already alarmed her in the back of her desperate mind, yet Courtney was somehow drinking even more then her.

When Courtney got up from her seat to grab one of the spare pitchers of water for herself Kate paid close attention to Courtney's body language and movements. It was harder to tell in Courtney's long dress if she was squirming her legs around in desperation or not, but Kate's trained eyes definitely saw the subtle signs of it. Walking on her high heels was probably making it even worse for Courtney.

Courtney made no move to leave the room, nor did she ask for a break to use the ladies room, instead she sat back down next to Kate. Kate wondered in the back of her mind if she could use Courtney's constant drinking and her filling bladder against her in the negotiations. The better the deal Kate got the better she'd look to the higher ups, and Kate wasn't above dirty tricks to get ahead. Kate knew such tactics were just the kind of a thing I would have done in her situation. But she didn't know if she had the nerve to try to purposely deprive the other woman of a chance at a bathroom break. Kate put the idea in the back of her mind for now, and did nothing to encourage or discourage Courtney from asking for a bathroom break.

Kate and Courtney continued to down the water like air to cope with their nerves as they kept working. By the time the women agreed to have lunch brought in at 1 PM all four of the pitchers had been drained. Kate had drank another 4 glasses of water, while Courtney had drank another 5 glasses.

Kate was still dying for a piss after 88 hours without one, combined with her tight clothing applying an increasingly overwhelming amount of pressure on her rock hard bladder bulge. But Kate still managed to sit still with her legs merely crossed in a natural looking position. Courtney on the other hand, who was sitting right next to Kate, couldn't stop adjusting her legs. Kate though was certain that adjusting her legs would do no good for Courtney's real issue that was brewing in between her legs after all that water and coffee she was drinking.

Courtney's fidgeting legs caused Kate's mind to return to her idea from earlier of using Courtney's bladder and constant drinking against her in the negotiations. Without a doubt Courtney's leg fidgeting had definitely gotten more urgent the last hour or two, the woman was clearly getting more desperate for a piss. Kate glanced at the schedule that had been drawn up for her meeting with Steven, and saw they were still well behind it. For the sake of Kate's own desperate bladder she really didn't want to have to stay late to finish the negotiations with Courtney.

That was what made up Kate's mind, to play dirty by actively attempting to deny Courtney relief if she tried to ask for it. If Kate couldn't allow herself to have relief at work, then Courtney would have to suffer with her. Kate wouldn't allow Courtney's increasingly urgent needs to keep her at the office an extra 5 minutes while she took a bathroom break without Kate. There was another motive though to Kate's cruelty. Kate's pride about her iron bladder made her always want to best the bladders of other people who seemed to have a strong bladder. Kate was certain that given how long Courtney had already lasted that she must have a much stronger bladder then most women.

"Courtney, do you think we could continue our negotiations while we eat" Kate asked shortly before 1 PM when the food was being brought in & their 4 pitchers refilled. "We're running quite a bit behind the original schedule, and I think we'd both rather not stay for a long while after 5 PM to finish everything".

Courtney glanced at the schedule, some concern clearly in her eyes as she saw how they were already over an hour behind what was scheduled. "You don't think that I could just come back tomorrow to finish it if we don't finish today?" asked Courtney.

"Certainly not" Kate lied. "The timeline for what we're agreeing to do in the months after this meeting is already tight enough as it is. We don't want to be responsible for why the project finishes late". In truth the timeline wasn't that strictly tight that another day would make a difference. But Kate had already judged that she'd get a better deal from Courtney then she would with Steven if he was well enough to come in tomorrow.

Courtney bit her lips as she glanced at the door, as if considering how working through lunch would mean she wouldn't have time to run into the ladies room. Finally after enough hesitation to make Kate certain this was Courtney's fear she answered "ok then, I guess we have no choice but to work through lunch. I'm really sorry we had to waste so much time from me being late and not knowing much about this project".

And so Kate and Courtney continued to work on their negotiations while they ate, and refilled their glasses from the freshly refilled pitchers of water. Kate's own bladder was bothering her a lot more by now than it was when she first got to the office in the morning. Kate's already tight pants suit had gotten even tighter around her rock hard bladder bulge, which only added to the tremendous pressure Kate's iron bladder was fighting to keep on holding it in. Yet still, my prideful Kate refused to let herself squirm or grab her crotch, she knew she had to be strong in front of Courtney. Kate only hoped that Courtney was feeling the effects of all the water and coffee she was drinking even worse than Kate was.

Elsewhere, I finally had to give in to my bladder's urgent needs and take a much needed trip to the bathroom shortly before 2 PM. I pissed in the urinal for several minutes as I relieved myself, and then pulled out my cell phone. Me and Kate had long had an agreement that if we were separated I had to text her whenever I took a piss, to let Kate know if she was allowed to piss or not under our water conservation agreement. I was pretty sure I had made Kate determined to wait till she got home regardless of my text message however as I sent it.

"Couldn't hold it anymore Kate, took my 3rd pee @ 2 PM, waited 31 hrs"

Back in the office, Kate heard her phone buzz with a text and took it out to check. After reading my text Kate told Courtney "it's just a message from my husband, I thought it was something work related". Kate quickly typed out a response to me while she continued negotiating with Courtney.

"New record 4 u, Proud of u Karl".

The thought of calling for a break to visit the ladies room crossed my desperate wife's mind. Kate hadn't peed in 89 hours by now, and her need wasn't going to get any less urgent the longer she waited. But one glance back at Courtney after she hit the send button only hardened her resolve to not take a very badly needed piss quite yet.

That's because Kate caught Courtney sneaking in a grab for her crotch when she looked up from her phone. Kate pretended not to notice as Courtney quickly moved her hands away, and shifted her legs around again underneath her dress. Kate was certain she had Courtney right where she wanted her, too distracted by her bladder to be a good negotiator.

The next several hours probably some of the slowest in the two women's lives as they continued to down glass after glass from the pitchers of water while they negotiated their deal. There were several times when Kate was certain from Courtney's body language that she was about to ask for a break. But each time Kate would quickly speak up to distract her and change the subject. At times Kate would bring up another aspect that needed urgently to be negotiated. Other times Kate would mention how they were quite behind on their schedule even if they had caught up some.

By the time the clock hit 5 PM the women still had roughly a half an hour's worth of work to go. The women's bladders were also much fuller than they had been a few hours ago. Kate had drank another 7 glasses of water and made herself another cup of coffee since 11 AM. Courtney meanwhile had continued to drink even more, and had downed 9 glasses of water and 1 cup of coffee.

While Kate was still concerned about how much she was drinking given the desperate state of her bladder after 92 hours without using a toilet, she was less concerned after my text message. Kate knew, or at least so she thought, that the end of her long hold was near, just as soon as she made it home. Kate was looking forward to getting home, showing me how she had continued to hold it all day at work, and then plopping herself down on her toilet and finally peeing a gusher.

And yet despite that moment still being over an hour away, Kate was still bravely able to resist the urge to squirm her legs around in desperation or grip her crotch. All she did was keep her legs crossed tightly in a natural looking position, attempting to betray no hint of the state of her bladder to Courtney.

Courtney however had clearly gotten much worse the last few hours. Kate noted how Courtney grit her teeth whenever she stood up on her high heels to grab another pitcher of water, or make herself a cup of coffee from the coffee machine available in the back of the room. Her leg squirming had gotten a lot more frequent to, but still she said nothing about needing a toilet. Whenever Kate thought Courtney was going to bring it up she continued to distract her just as before by changing the subject.

Kate sent me a quick text message shortly before 5 PM.

"Going 2 b late. Still have 2 pee like crazy".

Kate and Courtney each had one last cup of coffee as they finished their negotiations by 5:30 PM and signed the papers. Despite Kate's calm demeanor, she was going out of her mind in desperation after all the water and coffee she had drank today. If Kate weren't so certain that she could pee when she got home she would have been very concerned about how she had downed over 2 and a half gallons of water and coffee so far today. Courtney was a lot more obvious about how out of her mind she was going in desperation, but she somehow still held it in to.

"That's it then" said Kate as she carefully stood up after packing her laptop up, praying her bursting bladder wouldn't rebel against her sudden movement. "Come on, I'll escort you out to your car". It was part of our company's security policy that visitors couldn't be left alone at any time, so Kate had to see that Courtney had left the building before she could go home herself.

Kate was certain Courtney couldn't hold it back much longer as she watched the woman carefully stand up on her painful high heels. Courtney let out a quiet squeal and gripped her crotch through her dress for a moment till she remembered Kate watching her. Courtney blushed, let go of her crotch, and without looking at Kate insisted "I'm alright, I'm just... worn out after a long day".

Pretending to still be oblivious to her plight Kate simply replied "I think that makes two of us, it's been a long and stressful day". Kate paused, then added "I can't believe how much water and coffee I drank today to cope with my nerves".

Courtney seemed surprised by the admission from Kate. "Oh I know what you mean, I think I had even more then you. It's nerve racking to get thrown onto something big like this with so little notice".

Kate had to slow down her walking to let Courtney keep up with her. Kate had little doubt Courtney was on the verge of an accident, much closer then Kate's iron bladder was to one. As the women passed a ladies room Courtney paused for a moment looking at it longingly.

"Would you mind if I freshened up a bit " asked Courtney, biting her lips.

Kate really didn't want to answer yes to Courtney's question. Waiting for Courtney to use the ladies room would no doubt take at least several minutes with how much she had drank, and Kate had already resolved to hold it till she got home. Kate didn't want to put off her much needed relief any longer then she had to, even if it met putting off Courtney's relief.

"If you want to" said Kate, "but I wouldn't. Words to the wise, this building is old, and the toilets are pretty disgusting in the ladies rooms. I always try to wait till I'm home just to avoid them".

Courtney bit her lips, and her legs shivered around underneath her dress. "Ok, I'll take your word for it" she said. "I... I don't need it that badly anyway".

Kate knew that was a lie, but she said nothing as the women kept on walking. Kate breathed a silent sigh of relief that she wouldn't have to wait for Courtney to use the toilets before she could leave. The women walked down to the first floor and out the main entrance in mostly silence after that.

Once outside the office building Courtney became very eager to go her separate way from Kate. "I'll be fine from here, I know where my car is" Courtney insisted as she turned around to go the other way. Kate stood where she was watching Courtney hurry along as fast she could in her painful high heels with her bladder so painfully full. Once Courtney turned a corner and left her sight Kate went in the opposite direction to her car, while sneaking in a grab of her crotch.

Once in her car Kate began look like a quivering mess like Courtney as she squirmed around like mad and gripped her crotch with both hands. Yet through her fidgeting Kate still started up her car and backed out of her parking space.

Kate had to drive halfway around the parking lot to get to the parking lot's main exit. Along the way Kate glanced at a few parked cars still there grouped together. Kate's jaw dropped in shock as she drove past the cars. Squatting down in between the parked cars was Courtney, with her dress pulled up to her torso, and her panties pulled off to the side. She was wetting a huge gusher in between the two parked cars, Kate could see the look of joyous relief all over her face.

Kate quickly looked and drove away, but not soon enough to prevent a massive jolt of desperation from hitting her bladder at the sight of Courtney's relief. Kate tried to block it out of her mind. But the more she tried not to think of it the more she thought of the massive gusher of piss she saw shooting out of the Courtney's pussy lips. And that only reminded Kate of how large the puddle of urine between the two cars already was when Kate drove by, even though Courtney didn't seem even close to finishing her piss.

Kate swore out loud as she was forced to keep one hand on the steering wheel when she wanted to grip her crotch with both hands till this wave of desperation passed. Kate knew she couldn't possibly get home soon enough, so she put the pedal to the metal and drove as fast as she could.

Kate was very tempted to undo her tight belt, and unbutton and unzip her tight pants, now that she was in the privacy of her own car. But still Kate chose not to ease the overwhelming pressure on her rock hard bladder bulge both were applying to it. Kate never unbuttoned her belt or unzipped her pants before when heading home from work. She knew I would see it as a sign of weakness if she walked through the front door without her belt on. And Kate couldn't stand the thought of unbuckling her tight belt now, and then re-buckling it back up after she got home just to pretend she had never undone it. Kate was sure she'd lose it right there if she took the belt off and then tried to put it back on after she had let her bladder bulge expand during the car ride.

Despite Kate driving like an irrational maniac due to her desperation, she didn't get home till about 6:15 PM. Kate hadn't peed in over 93 hours by now, just a few hours short of 4 whole days without a piss. Kate was glad that she wouldn't have to wait till the 4 day mark as she parked her car in our driveway and struggled to get out without setting off her desperate bladder again.

Despite how very desperate Kate was, she smiled in pride as she half walked half stumbled towards the front door. Despite how much I had doubted her earlier, Kate had done it, she had held it in all day at work without leaking a drop, even while downing a lot more water and coffee than usual. She had held it in even when she saw another woman wetting a gusher in the parking lot like her aching bladder longed to do.

Kate could have knocked on the door and let me come over to unlock it and let her in. It would have let her squirm around and grip her crotch with both hands, and it would have been quicker then fishing through her purse to find the right key. But Kate was too prideful to take the easy way, she squirmed her legs around desperately as she found the key, and then struggled in her desperate state to unlock the door.

When Kate opened the front door I was already standing there grinning. Before Kate could say a word she saw my client, a Japanese man in his 50's, enter the hallway behind me. Kate felt a sinking feeling in her stomach as she realized what I had done.

"We can finally head out to dinner now" I told my guest. "This is my wife Kate I told you about earlier. Kate this is Reno, my client I was showing around some of our field sites to".

Kate tried not to flinch, but she couldn't help but grit her teeth as her bladder, unrelieved for over 93 hours, shuddered at this new event. Kate suspected right away that I had purposely invited my client to go out to dinner with us to delay her trip to the toilet. And yet Kate also knew that with company over at our house, especially such important company, she couldn't possibly show off her so full nearly bursting bladder to me to brag for her pride.

Kate was very tempted to excuse herself and rush past us both to the inviting toilet waiting for her. Any other woman would have done just that in Kate's desperate situation. But Kate was too full of pride to take the easy way out. Kate wanted to show me that her iron bladder could take the unexpected challenge that I had just erected to block her from peeing so soon. Above all else, Kate wanted to show me just how full her rock hard bladder bulge had become before she finally let herself pee after over 93 hours without relief. To simply rush into the bathroom and pee a gusher now would feel like a waste of a new record for Kate. And so Kate had no choice but to keep on holding in her long and urgently needed relief, even though she had been looking forward for many hours now to finally peeing a gusher after getting home.

