Might Is Merit: A Rivenwelle Tale

Author: Foxlover

*000*2020-09-24 18:05

REUPLOAD (Posted in the wrong forum lol)

This is the first chapter of a commission for @Zuorsara!

Lots of setup/scene building here, but hopefully it's still enjoyable heh

CHAPTER 1: The Expedition

*BAM BAM BAM*

Melina Malwick awoke with a start to the sound of a harsh pounding at the door to her quarters. She quickly bolted upright, promptly bonking the back of her head against the low-sitting shelf situated just above her desk with a dull *thud*. She immediately lurched back over, wincing and sucking air through her teeth as pain blossomed from the impact point; a throbbing ache that radiated all throughout her cranium. Biting back a curse and blinking the stars out of her eyes, the young woman sat up more carefully, massaging her head through her honey-blonde curls as she peered down at the yellowed pages of the reagent guide she’d been perusing when she fell asleep.

- the practical applications of springsprig are a source of debate among most alchemic scholars, though claims have been made of its ability to soothe burns, and some even posit that it can be used to treat werewolf bites if combined with the fungus from aetherwood trees. Furthermore, the-

The following words were nigh intelligible over the next few lines, the ink looking to have been smudged by a few blotches of some sort of dried stain…she’d been drooling.

Lovely.

Sighing, Melina straightened up from under the shelf, still rubbing at her head. She looked towards the wooden slat and the collection of utensils, books and tomes upon it, trying to see if any of them had tumbled over. Everything seemed orderly; not one delicate instrument or decaying, mildewed spine out of place. She winced again as the light reflecting off the many beakers and vials shone into her eyes, exacerbating the throbbing pain in her still tender head. As she scrunched them closed and brought a hand up over her face to block out the glare, the knocking came again, even louder this time.

“Melina!” an agitated female voice called from the other side of the door. It was Priscilla, fellow alchemic apprentice and Melina’s best friend since childhood.. They’d done nearly everything together before and since coming under Master Arwen’s tutelage, and were considered some of his brightest pupils... even at the relatively young age of 19.

Another couple loud knocks. “Melina...Are you awake!? We’re leaving soon and Master Arwen says he won’t wait for anyone today! Hurry up!”

Melina’s blood turned to ice as she realized that she’d woken up late, again...On today of all days.

“Dammit!” She hissed as she hurriedly pushed back from the desk, glaring towards the door.

“Nng… I’m coming, Pris, just… tell him I bumped my head, but I’m on my way!” She called, hurriedly smoothing out the wrinkles on the roughspun cotton tunic and trousers she’d accidentally slept in.

There was a huff from the other side of the door.

“You’d better be! If you leave me to go by myself with these tosspots, I’ll deck you when I get back!” The exclamation was followed by a series of angry-sounding footsteps away from the door, accompanied by some intelligible grumbling.

Melina leapt to her feet, stumbling a little as the feeling began to return to her legs from her strange sleeping position.. She rubbed at her thighs, trying to soothe the sore muscles in it as she quickly glanced around her cramped little quarters. There was little space to move around, as most of it was taken up by the large alchemist’s desk she’d accidentally slept at.

It filled a whole wall by itself and jutted a few feet into the room, crowding her bed, nightstand and wardrobe into whatever little extra corners they could fit into in the tiny cabin and giving one an accurate perception of Melina’s priorities. Of course, that desk was certainly earning its keep; every inch of it was covered in sheets of crumpled parchment, half-rolled scrolls and the odd quill still tracing ink across the hard wooden surface.

A stack of quick and messy writings Melina had been cobbling together sat under a spent candle-holder, and she could see the dried splotches of wax on the parchment where the candle had spilled over.

Blowing an errant strand of hair out of her face, Melina strode over towards the ratty oaken wardrobe shoved unceremoniously between her workstation and the bed, practically squished on either side by the furniture. With a sigh, she pulled open the doors, reaching in to grab a tanned hide vest, a rawhide belt, and her favorite pair of leather boots she wore whenever she conducted any outdoor experiments.

She hurriedly pulled the vest on over her tunic as she looked around on the ground for a belt, cursing her late start. What a way to be on the morning of her first real alchemic expedition of the season. She’d been looking forward to this day for weeks now; re-reading all the field notes from previous alchemists’ journeys, meticulously poring over all known maps of their designated area cross-referenced with contributions from Man, Elf and faefolk... she’d even got herself a fresh new mortar and pestle from the market a few days ago, untainted by her previous experiments, in preparation for this excursion.

But, of course when the time came, she had just slept right through the rooster’s crow, slumped over on a book, like always.

It wasn’t as though she’d not had a good reason…why, she’d been up half the night poring over her old texts, trying to remember the specific functions of each reagent she expected to encounter. In fact, she hadn’t even remembered falling asleep, having told herself she’d read only one chapter before bed…a lie she’d fed herself for hours on end as she “one-more-chapter”ed her way through half the book.

With another sigh, she quickly dropped to her hands and knees, coughing at the dust she kicked up as she reached under her bed and pulled her old traveling knapsack out. She thanked her lucky stars she’d had the foresight to at least halfway pack it with supplies… it already contained her notebook, her field guide, a couple flint rocks for fire and her whittling knife. She got back to her feet, darting around her room and grabbing random bits of parchment and a quill to stuff haphazardly into the pack, her anxiety at being left behind mounting with every minute. As she stuffed the pack strap between her teeth and threw herself onto the bed to begin pulling on her boots, there was another knock at the door.

“Melina?” said another voice, though this one was male, belonging to Master Arwen’s eldest apprentice, a young man named Ewand.

Reddening at having yet another of her colleagues come to enquire about her whereabouts, Melina set her jaw. “I uhweddy told Pwif, Ull be out inna minnuf!” She exclaimed around a mouthful of leather as she wrestled the first boot onto her foot.

The voice on the other side of the door waited a moment before speaking.

“…Sorry, Mel, I…just wanted to make sure everything was okay… you’ve been talking about this trip forever, I’d’ve thought you’d be the first one up…” He finished with a chuckle.

Melina scowled as the blush on her cheeks deepened. She spat out the pack strap, glaring at the door. “I said I’ll be out in a second, leave me alone!” She hissed, a bit more harshly than she meant to.

Another stretch of silence.

“Okay, uh…well, we’re meeting over by gateposts…Arwen’s already there, so, better move fast…” The boy said, sounding quite deflated as he turned and left.

Melina immediately felt a surge of guilt at her snappy response as she continued to struggle with her clothes, huffing gently. She also noticed a twinge in her bladder, urging her to take her morning pee, but she brushed the sensation aside. This was her third tardy in as many weeks; the fact that she was allowed to come along at all was a miracle. She had no time for anything but getting dressed and getting out.

She tugged on her second boot and quickly stood up, turning to the smudged mirror propped up against the bed as she grabbed a piece of cloth from the dresser. She glanced at her svelte form in the glass as she pulled her wavy, golden locks back into a ponytail behind her. Her bright blue eyes peered anxiously back at her as she worked on tying her hair off, her teeth chewing her bottom lip as she pulled the cloth tight. She scooped up the knapsack and pulled her cloak from its hanging perch next to the door, throwing it over her shoulders before taking one last cursory glance around the room. With a nod, she strode to the door, pulling it open and heading out into the morning light.

The cool, misty morning air greeted Melina as she stepped out of her cabin, the dew on the grassy knoll twinkling in the light of the barely risen sun as it peeked over the roofs of her fellows’ cabins.

All of Arwen’s apprentices lived in a little collection of huts at the edge of the village, where they could conduct their strange and possibly dangerous experiments without worrying about being a nuisance to the rest of the town. It was odd for a master alchemist to take on more than one protege, let alone a whole class of them... but Arwen was adamant about ‘fostering the next generation curious minds’, as he put it, and Melina was glad of it. His wisdom and knowledge were invaluable to her development in her craft, and he’d also come to be somewhat of a father figure to her after she’d left her small village of Ockley for the capital all those years ago.

Melina's cabin was the furthest up of the bunch, with a direct path down towards the wooden posts signaling the furthest edge of the town, a little ways away from the thick forest that covered the rest of the horizon. Behind her was a short jaunt up to castle town proper, and beyond it, shrouded by early morning fog, was Lothlowell Castle, home of the royal family of Rivenwelle. Melina had never seen the royal family, save for the occasional processional, and all she knew of them were the stories she’d heard from Master Arwen about how their mandate for expansion into the forest for lumber, stone and spices had brought prosperity to the city…at the expense of some of the forest’s denizens.

Melina squinted down the path, her heart beating anxiously. What if she was too late? What if she’d been left behind? She strode further from the cabin, craning her neck as she came up over the hill...and to her great relief, she could clearly see all of her fellow apprentices clustered around the wooden posts, no doubt receiving a pre-excursion briefing from their Master.

She felt her shoulders sag, releasing their tension.They hadn’t left yet.

She took off in a sprint down the slick path, taking care not to slip as she hurried towards the small gathering.

As she approached, she realized the reason for the delay; she could hear Master Arwen’s thin, reedy voice rambling on in one of his long-winded musings, no doubt on his opinions of some controversial alchemic practice or other. The closer she got, the more of his words she could make out.

“…And of course, one can always conjecture about the morality of harvesting dragon dung, but I believe the temerity involved in such a task would- ah! Melina!”

The group of apprentices turned as Melina raced towards them, moving aside to reveal a tall, slender man clad in his own long tunic and trousers, wrapped in a cloak that was a bit too short for his lanky build. He was bald save for a shock of white hair around his crown, and a pair of equally white bushy eyebrows wiggled above a mismatched pair of eyes; one jade green, one an almost translucent violet. Both of them focused on Melina as she ran up to him, panting heavily from the sprint.

“Miss Malwick…” He murmured, his thick white mustache twitching comically as he regarded his breathless apprentice. “I do hope you realize this is your third tardy this month?”

Melina slowed to a stop in front of her fellows, immediately hunching over with her hands on her knees, her chest heaving as she worked to catch her breath.

“Apologies, Master Arwen…” She gasped. “Up late…studying texts…springsprig...”

The man snorted gently. “Hmm…trying to appeal to my love of a studious mind, eh, Miss Malwick?” He murmured, waggling a finger at her. “’Tis no excuse for multiple lapses in punctuality, my dear. Why, it’s only by providence you arrived before we left…though I suppose I did get a bit carried away myself…er, did I answer your question, Priscilla, dear?” He asked, his eyes shifting to a young, molasses-skinned woman with curly, dark hair, her considerable hips cocked to the side as she was addressed.

“Yes, Master Arwen, thank you.” She murmured, her hazel eyes shifting towards Melina with a knowing grin.

Melina’s cheeks reddened slightly, and she returned it gratefully, mouthing “thank you” to her friend as Master Arwen turned about. “Well now, since we’re all here…” He said, planting his hands on his hips and looking ahead towards the dense treeline. “Best we get started, eh? To the forest!”

~~

Melina fell in next to Priscilla as the group started down the dirt path, the sun climbing higher as they walked.

“Thanks for that…” She muttered, shouldering her pack. “Were you waiting long?”

Priscilla smirked. “Long enough. I could tell Arwen was getting ready to shove off, so I…asked a simple question about his views on harvesting reagents from living creatures, and let him take it from there. Figured that ought to buy you at least ten minutes…”

Melina chuckled. “That all? Looked like he was just warming up when I got there…”

Priscilla laughed in return, her eyes sparkling. “Guess I should be thanking you, then, huh? But seriously…” her mirthful disposition diminished as she fixed her friend with a concerned glance. “...You know how he is about these expeditions, Mellie. ‘The position of the cosmos determines our luck’, and all that. He really might’ve left without you…And you’re coming up on your 20th winter, you really should be past such things...”

Melina’s smile faded, and she sighed. “I know, I just…I really was up all night...I wanted to make sure I was as prepared as possible, you know? I spent the whole bloody evening in that Codex of Reagents Moste Currious…”

At this, Priscilla frowned. “Mel…tell me you didn’t fall asleep at your workstation again…”

When the blonde only offered a sheepish smile, Priscilla rolled her eyes in exasperation. “Honestly, Mellie, you know how dangerous that is!" She admonished her friend with a disapproving glare. "Just imagine if you’d tipped over your candle, o-or broken one of your vials! We work with extremely volatile materials!”

Melina sighed again, adjusting her knapsack. “I know, Pris, I know…” She muttered, but she knew her friend’s words to be true. A good alchemist never worked past the point of exhaustion. Lack of sleep led to slower reflexes and impaired spacial awareness, and one was always only one clumsy move away from knocking over a flask of distilled wyrmsbane or a tin of blanched oakenfrog skin and blowing a hole in the floor. She really should have been more careful...

As they continued to walk, Melina felt another twinge in her abdomen…a signal from her bladder that it would require her attention soon. She wasn’t surprised…she hadn’t relieved herself since early yesterday evening before sequestering herself to her cabin to pore over her notes…something that made it her late awakening even more unfortunate as it had caused her to completely forgo a visit to the privy before joining her fellow apprentices.

However, it mattered not. Melina was blessed in many areas; a powerful mind, a steady hand...and a surprisingly large and unequivocally strong bladder. If there was anything Melina was good at, it was holding her waters far longer than one would expect from a girl of her size and age. Nearly a day could pass and she’d hardly feel an urge, whilst her friends availed themselves of the village cisterns more than a few times before she even went once. It was something she prided herself on, in fact, and it was especially helpful during the times when she concocted Erlung Draughts that required near constant supervision for hours on end in a manner that would leave lesser women either abandoning their workstations, or pulling aside their gussets to gush into the dirt below them.

“...Hey…”

Melina was jostled out of her introspection by Priscilla’s elbow, the girl peering at her with a frown. “Where’d you go?”

Melina blinked with a slightly rosy face, shaking her head. “Ah, sorry, just…thinking about today…I still can’t believe Arwen’s actually taking us to the lumencap patch…”

Priscilla’s expression of concern blossomed back into a wide grin. “It’s amazing, isn’t it? I’ve heard that during a full moon, they glow so brightly that it looks like daytime…” She breathed, her eyes misting over.

Melina’s own smile widened in response. “And they say the pure extract from the tip’ll make you giddy for a few moments, if you harvest it at the right time…of course, that’s if you believe in such things, I myself am more interested in how the shavings from the stem reacts in a Tangellian Tincture...” The young alchemist’s walking speed increased in speed as her excitement rose, forcing her friend to jog a little to catch up.

“How brightly d’you reckon they’ll be glowing? It’s still early spring so we’ve not got a full day of sun yet...” Melina pressed on. “Master Arwen says just after dawn or dusk’s the best time to see them…we shouldn’t be off by too much, and I brought my own mortar! I can sample the caps-”

“Oi, ease up, Mellie…” Priscilla chuckled, re-shouldering her own pack. “We’ve gotta get there first…”

Melina suddenly clammed up, realizing that she’d begun to ramble, just like Arwen. “Ah...sorry…” She chuckled, running her hand through her hair again. In truth, she took after their Master in more ways than she’d care to admit, both in passion for the subject and a willingness to go to great lengths for the sake of an experiment...beyond what the general populace would consider “responsible”. even.

“Step lively, we’re broaching the treeline!” Master Arwen called from the front of the group. “Remember, stay on the path! Wouldn’t want any of you lot getting lost!”

The troupe entered the forest, and immediately Melina wrapped her cloak tighter around her as the meager warmth from the morning sun was expunged by the leafy canopy above them. The forest itself was already awake; Melina could see a cluster of thrushes chasing each other around the branches, singing their merry songs without a care in the world. The dewy brush crunched wetly under their feet as they ventured past all manner of oak and spruce, the buzzing of cicadas flitting in and out of their space. They walked for quite some time, venturing further into the forest than Melina had ever gone. It seemed even more alive the deeper they went, with rabbits and foxes and beavers and badgers hopping and racing to and fro.

As they came to a babbling brook, Arwen suddenly stopped, throwing out his hands to prevent the group from moving forward. He stood there, staring at the opposite bank for a moment, as if waiting for something to happen.

Melina shifted a bit where she stood, the sound of running water not doing her any favors in her current condition.

After a few more moments, the reason for the stop became clear as a creature stepped out from behind a stone outcropping. It looked to be a large deer, though its fur was bright silver and looked to be quite valuable. Its antlers looked precious as well...great curved horns of gold that caught the light of the dappled sunbeams and sparkled like a duke’s treasure room.

The group waited with bated breath as it approached the stream, kneeling its proud head to drink from the passing current.

Melina could hardly believe it. She’d read of these mythical deer plenty of times before, but never had she gotten to see one in person. It was said a sliver of their horns in any liquid could grant the drinker astoundingly good luck.

The creature gently lapped up the water before raising its head to regard the group with translucent blue eyes. Melina felt her breath catch in her throat… the creature’s eyes were intelligent, calm… but there was a wisdom there, too, that she hadn’t expected to see.

The deer watched the troupe of alchemists for a moment longer, holding them in its mesmerizing gaze, before turning and heading off deeper into the forest.

The party let out a collective breath as the creature left, with Master Arwen taking out his handkerchief and dabbing his shiny bald crown.

“Goodness…” He breathed. “I hope you’re all writing this down…” He murmured, turning to see his students already shuffling around in their packs for their notebooks.

The rest of the journey was uneventful, save for Ewand tripping over a root and frightening a burrowing mole and nearly pitching headfirst into a shallow ravine, prompting a quick lecture from Master Arwen about the importance of keen eyesight. They continued on the path, and Melina kept her eyes peeled for any further fantastic creatures to document, though none appeared.

At last, they broke the treeline into a grassy meadow littered with felled, mossy trees... and each trunk was positively overrun with golden-capped mushrooms. The vibrant fungi seemed to be soaking up the late-morning sun from up above, and each mushroom pulsed in a gentle rhythm as they held the sunlight in their tender little stalks.

A chorus of gentle “oohs” and “ahs” went up from the troupe as they made their way into the clearing. Already Melina had taken out her mortar and knife, her eyes dancing with anticipation.

“Yes, yes, gather about, all of you!” Arwen called as he strode up to the nearest rotting log. “This is the densest concentration of lumencap in Rivenwelle! Exceptionally rare, this mushroom...can anyone tell me why?”

Melina’s hand immediately shot up, causing Arwen to chuckle. “Yes, Miss Malwick?”

Melina cleared her throat. “Lumencap is a very temperamental fungus that needs very specific conditions to grow. This tree is aetherwood, believed to have been enchanted due to dawnfarer faefolk making their nests in its branches. When the tree dies, the latent magics are believed to continue to propagate within the trunk, bearing a mushroom that can absorb sunlight.”

Master Arwen’s eyes crinkled up in a smile. “Quite right, my dear! And why else is it so valuable? Anyone?”

At this, a tall, redheaded young man with the barest hint of a beard spoke up. “Lumencap is said to react differently according to the species what ingests it. To humans, it’s medicinal...to centaurs, it is said to cause visions...and for others, it can have other effects...even...er...be an aphrodisiac…” He murmured, his pale cheeks coloring as a few of the girls in the troupe giggled. Melina rolled her eyes at them, scoffing at their fawning over the young swain.

Master Arwen nodded. “Correct you are, Ewand. It is by luck that the Crown’s influence has stretched this far; we should be able to harvest without interruption. But I once again advise caution...beyond this grove is the Wildlands, beyond the King's jurisdiction, and well... let’s just say you don’t want to be caught out here after dark.” He murmured ominously, peering around at his assembled students.

Suddenly, his face brightened. “But enough sordid warnings. Everyone, to a log!” He chirped.

Melina was already upon a felled tree, knife in hand, sawing away at the glimmering stalk of a mushroom. Her brow was furrowed, her tongue sticking out the side of her mouth in concentration as her entire world narrowed to the shimmering fungus before her. A few of the other apprentices had done the same, though a few of the girls were still swarming around Ewand as he hunched over his own log.

Priscilla knelt next to her friend, chuckling. “That didn’t take long…” She murmured, looking over at the little entourage Ewand had accrued.

Melina rolled her eyes, scoffing. “Honestly, we’re supposed to be out here doing research and collecting samples, not giggling like common chambermaids.” She muttered, finally sawing through the mushroom and dropping it into the mortar before going for another.

Priscilla smirked. “As if you can really blame them...Ewand’s a lovely lad...tall, strong...kind…” She murmured, causing Melina's countance to sour even more. Priscilla bit her lip, glancing back over at the man as he tried to work whilst simultaneous entertaining his little band of admirers. “What’s not to love?”

Melina looked up over at Ewand, his broad shoulders flexing as he pushed the log up to get at a root underneath...and her gaze slowly slipped to Priscilla, her delicate chocolate curls gently cascading over her shoulder, her tanned skin gleaming like bronze in the sunlight.

The young blonde reddened, going back to her sawing. “He’s not my type.” She muttered resolutely.

~~

The rest of the morning passed peacefully, with Master Arwen walking around and observing his apprentices at work, often stopping to comment on a peculiar fungus or a decidedly fragrant underbelly of a log and telling them to make note of it.

When they broke for a late lunch, Melina reluctantly left her work to scarf down the bit of roast ham and bread Priscilla had brought, taking a swig from her water skin to wash it down. Now that she was distracted, her bladder once again impressed upon her its rapidly increasing fullness, causing her to squeeze her thighs together. She definitely could go for a wee now, and this would probably be the best time to do it...but the designated spot set aside for doing their business was a bit of a trek back the way they’d come. It’d be at least a 10 minute trip altogether, and they only had a few more hours out here; she didn’t know when she’d be able to pass this way again. She resolved to wait until the end of the expedition; she could clean up, take a quick pee, and everything would be fine. Her bladder was more than strong enough to hold it till then.

By the time the sun had crossed the height of the day, coming closer to kissing the other horizon, Melina had all but filled her pack with the luminescent mushroom, scribbling down all manner of note and observation in her journal. Nearly a third of the pages were filled, and she showed no signs of stopping.

There was a rustle from behind her, and Priscilla emerged from the brush, looking quite relieved. “Wow...almost left that too late, I was right busting, I was…” She chuckled as she came back to the harvesting spot. “Sure you don’t need to go? It’s been a while since lunch…That’s a long time, even for you...”

Melina set her jaw, feeling her bladder grumble again within her yet again. “I’m fine.” She said resolutely, continuing to write in her journal.

Priscilla shrugged. “Suit yourself…” she murmured as her eyes dropped to their respective hoards. She had gathered her fair share of lumencap, but her meager collection paled in comparison to the bulging knapsack next to her friend.

“Blimey, Mellie…” She chuckled. “Didja take every damn mushroom in the grove?”

Melina straightened up, wiping a bit of sweat off her brow and tucking her knife away. “Who knows when we’ll get to come back here?” She murmured, looking up. “I have to get enough samples to last me the rest of the season…”

Priscilla smirked and shook her head, planting her hands on her hips. “Honestly, Mellie, if you weren’t so late all the time, Master Arwen would name you a full-fledged alchemist in a heartbeat, you’re so intense about it…”

Melina got to her knees, wincing as the day’s worth of pee in her abdomen pressed down on her sphincter. “Ah...er, well, I’ll just have to work that much harder, then. I’ve almost got the rendering of this-”

“Ten minute warning, lads and lasses!” Master Arwen called, his bald head gleaming in the light of the setting sun. “Finish up what you’re doing!”

Melina frowned, looking up. Time to leave, already? She looked down at her unfinished drawing, biting her lip. This was the last sketch she needed for her notes..maybe she could hurry up and finish it. But in doing so, she would forfeit a chance to take a wee, and her bladder felt far fuller than she had anticipated, bordering on discomfort. For a few tense moments, she looked between her notebook and the path towards the relief area, biting her lip.

After a short while, passion and studiousness won out over biology, and Melina simply crossed her legs in the dirt as she knelt back down to finish the drawing.

Just as she put the final labels on the crown of the rendering, Master Arwen’s voice sounded throughout the clearing again.

“Alright, that’s time! Pack away your instruments, it’s time to head back!”

Flushed with success at having finished in the nick of time, Melina smiled to herself as she carefully packed away her journal, knife and a couple more lumencaps.

As she stood up, she immediately hunched over as gravity pulled on the pee-filled organ within her. “Nngg…” She groaned, bringing a hand up to her abdomen.

Priscilla looked up in concern as she put away her own tools. “Mellie? Are you alright?”

Melina winced as a sharp pain gnawed at her abdomen, but after a few moments it subsided to a more manageable level. “Y-yeah, I’m fine…” She grunted. “Just...a bit sore from hunching over all day, is all…” She muttered, straightening up fully as she shouldered her pack.

The two of them headed over to rejoin the group, with Melina taking smaller, jerkier steps than her friend. By Eoth, she needed a wee. She’d definitely left it a bit late, and now she was paying for it. As Master Arwen began counting to make sure all his students were accounted for, Melina subtly shifted her weight from foot to foot in a manner she hoped was inconspicuous; the dull ache in her abdomen no longer something she could ignore, but she still didn't much like the prospect of everyone noticing her need for the privy...

“Right then…” The man murmured. “Seems we’ve got the same number of heads we did whence we started, so… back to town! With a will, folks, sunlight’s fading fast!"

As they started back off into the forest, Melina’s steps continued to be short and awkward despite her attempts to move normally. Her bladder simply would not calm itself, forcing her to alter her gait to accommodate its increasingly uncomfortable fullness. After a few minutes of watching this, Priscilla huffed and planted her hands on her hips, glaring at her friend.

“Okay, Mellie, what’s going on? You’re waddling around like you’ve got a broom up your arse…”

Melina swallowed, her cheeks reddening as she realized she’d not been as discreet as she’d hoped. “I told you, it's no-"

"Melina." Priscilla cut in with a hard stare. "Cut that shite out and tell me what's wrong." She commanded, her gaze expectant and unfaltering.

Melina bit her lip, debating within herself, but she knew the jig was up. With a sigh, she turned back to her friend. "O-okay, okay...Erm...So, you know how I woke up late today?”

Priscilla nodded, her eyes never leaving Melina's face.

Melina cleared her throat. “Well, like I said, I was studying last night...and I fell asleep at my desk, and then I woke up, and I...I didn’t want to be even more late, so I...I didn’t...go, this morning…” She muttered.

Priscilla blinked, the levers in her head turning as she connected the pieces of Melina’s story in her head. Suddenly, her eyes widened. “You mean you haven’t had a wee since last night!?” She hissed.

Melina winced at the word “wee”, but she nodded. “I-It’s normally not a big deal, I...just left it a bit late this time, I suppose…” She muttered, bringing a hand up to her abdomen.

Priscilla pursed her lips. “Do you want me to ask Arwen to stop? I’m sure he’d-”

“No.” Melina huffed automatically. “I’m not gonna have them thinking I’m some sort of willy-shinned lass who holds up the party so she can tinkle. I’ll be fine till we get back to town.”

Priscilla still looked unsure, but she knew better than to argue with Mellie about this. “If you say so…”

~~~

As the sun dipped lower, the forest grew darker, the trees casting looming shadows over the party as they made their way back through.

“Careful here...we’re passing the ravine…” Master Arwen’s voice echoed over the buzzing of cicadas. “It’ll be harder to see in the dark, so take care to regard your surroundings!”

The further they went, the less sure Mellie was about her ability to make it back dry...she couldn’t recall the last time she’d been this desperate for a wee. Her bladder felt like a gourd in her abdomen, full beyond capacity and quivering with the effort to hold back what surely would be a river’s worth of golden nectar. It didn’t help that every time she’d wince or whimper, Priscilla would look at her with concern... Melina hated feeling pitied. If anything, her friend's gaze bolstered Melina’s strength, causing her to tighten her muscles further to prove that she would not be bested by her acute desire to urinate.

“Melina…” Priscilla murmured after several more minutes of walking, a hint of pleading in her voice. “Honestly, why are you torturing yourself? We can just ask Master Arwen to stop, he’ll-”

“I said I’m fine, Pris…” Melina huffed, glaring at her friend. “I told you, I can hold it as long as I- AHHH!”

Melina’s thought was cut off as her foot caught on a root, causing her to stumble aside. The loose brush slid from underneath Melina’s feet, and she slipped sideways, plunging headfirst into the shadowy ravine.

“MELINA!” Priscilla yelled after her as she landed with a *thud* on the verdant hillside, nearly forcing a spurt from her as she began tumbling head over heels down the leafy slope. She couldn’t see anything as she bowled further down into the forest; all she could do was tuck her head into her hands and hope for the best.

She rolled and tumbled for a good few minutes, wincing as brambles and dead branches cut into her arms and legs and trying to fight the queasiness the rolling motion was stoking in her. Finally, she felt the decline level out, rolling her over a log and pitching her right into a tree.

*OOF!* She grunted as she smacked against the trunk before coming to rest at its base.

Groaning, she slowly sat up, rubbing her arm. She shook her head a few times to clear out the dizziness, blinking her eyes in the dim coolness of the forest floor. She was still alive, so that was good...She flexed her fingers and her toes. Nothing felt broken, so aside from a bit of nausea, she was completely fine...other than the bulging bladder she was still nursing, of course..

She slowly staggered to her feet, blowing air out of her mouth as she looked around. Fear, hot and sour, bloomed in her chest as she peered around the darkened landscape; she had no idea where she was. She swallowed, turning to look back towards the hill she’d rolled down, but with the sun having all but set, it was far too dark for her to attempt to climb back up; she’d just end up getting herself more lost. Wincing again as her bladder throbbed within her, Melina finally shot a hand between her legs, scooting back to lean up against the tree. She breathed heavily, tears welling in her eyes as she did her best not to panic.

Okay, think… she thought fervently to herself. It wasn’t that far of a fall. Pris’ll tell Arwen what happened, and they’ll find a way to get to you. You just have to wait. They'll be here in no t-

Suddenly, Melina heard a twig crack behind her. What was that!? She whirled about, but she could see nothing in the gathering gloom.

Swallowing again, she reached forward, snapping a branch of the log in front of her before digging in her pack for one of her flint rocks.

After a few tense seconds, her fingers closed around the jagged little stone, and she quickly pulled it out with a triumphant “Ha!”. She began scraping it against the wood, her heart hammering in her chest as she continued to glance anxiously around. “Come on, come on…” She hissed.

Finally, a flame sprung to life atop the branch. She quickly held it aloft, looking around the ravine to try and find any sort of landmark she could orient herself by… but there was none. None that she could recognize, anyway. She wasn’t sure how far she’d rolled from the path, but she was well and truly off of it.

Just then, Melina heard a rustling. It came from ahead, and it didn’t sound too far away. Footfalls, heavy and slow, began to approach. Melina felt nearly sick with fear, and as she reached into her pack to pull out her knife, she felt a bit of pee leak into her underthings; her bladder was still beyond full, but adrenaline numbed the pressure. She cowered back up next to the tree, sinking down into a crouching position. She swallowed, her eyes darting around and her heart beating so fast and hard she could hardly think.

The footfalls grew louder...closer...heavier…

Suddenly, the log in front of her was lifted up and tossed aside, revealing a group of hulking figures standing a few feet from Melina. As they came into the light, Melina’s mouth opened in a soundless scream.

The creatures before her were huge, each at least 7 feet tall, towering over the cowering Melina. They each looked quite strong, judging by the taut, rippling muscles bulging under skin in varying shades of green. They were each dressed in boarhide pauldrons that linked over each shoulder and a loincloth that looked to be made of wolf-pelts. Their feet were tucked into a pair of enormous bearskin galoshes that appeared to be lined with foxfur, but that wasn’t the strangest part.

As Melina looked closer, she noticed the creatures were...female? She could make out wrappings around each chest concealing what must’ve been two mountainous breasts, and as her eyes traveled downward, she could see a well-muscled bare midriff fanning out into a pair of shapely hips that filled out the loincloths in a way Melina would’ve thought was quite nice, had she not been so terrified.

Finally, Melina forced her eyes to look up into their fearsome faces...the creatures’ beady eyes glared down at her over squat, bulbous noses, each regarding her with no small amount of hostility. Their mouths were curled up in a snarl, dusky green lips pulled back over sets of deadly-looking tusks. They all had a variety of hairstyles, from messy mohawks to sideshaves, to completely shaven heads. The one closest to Melina had a single braid, running from the tip of her forehead all the way down past her back, and in her hand was a fearsome looking iron battle-axe, the grip bound in leather.

“Hmm…” The creature grumbled in a rich, husky alto, squatting down next to Melina. Up close, Melina could really see the creature's face in detail. Her skin was rife with lines and crags, like hide stretched over a drum. Her eyes were a strange blend of amber and green, seeming to change in the light of Melina's torch. Her tusks were stained and worn, one of them bearing a golden band around it that glinted in the fire light.

“Man-cub..." She muttered again, her mouth curling into a bone-chilling grin. "Pretty far from your little village, arncha?” She cackled wickedly.

Melina said nothing, her voice completely stolen by fear. Her eyes bugged out as she regarded the creature in front of her, only able to look on in terror.

The amazon’s devious grin widened. “Oy, lasses, seems we’ve got ourselves a mutie.” She murmured, causing a low rumble of laughter to echo around the woman’s compatriots.

The green giant looked back at Melina, chuckling. “Yeh dumb, girl, or just scared? I-”

Suddenly, she stopped, narrowing her eyes and sniffing the air. “Ah…” She sneered, her eyes dropping to Melina’s crotch. “Scared it is. Smart lass. Can’t tell yeh how many of yer kind we’ve axed cause they didn’t have the good sense t’be afraid of the Kh’raven Tribe.” She muttered as she stood back up. “‘Course, it seems nunya have the decency t’be afraid of us orcs anymore, the way yeh come into our forest, take what yeh want and force the rest of us t’ either run away, kowtow and slave away for yeh, or be put t’the sword.”

Melina still said nothing, merely trembling on the ground in the face of what she was certain was going to be a painful death.

The orc woman rolled her shoulders, causing the muscles within them to ripple impressively. “I’ll tell yeh, we don’t take too kindly t’bein’ at the mercy of yer little pink arses. It’s demeanin’, it is… and it seems yeh all have forgotten who really rules these woods. Your king wagers we’ll all just lay down and submit...and we Kh’raven always settle our wagers, don’t we?”

Another rumble of laughter from the surrounding orcs.

Feeling was beginning to return to Melina’s body, and she swallowed, trying to bring some moisture back to her mouth. “W-whatever problems you have with the King,” She squeaked, a lot braver than she felt. “I have no part in it. I’m no royal, and I don’t claim to be. S-so just...air out your grievances with him if you must, and leave me be!”

One of the clean-shaven orcs snarled. “You dare speak to th’ captain of th’ Kh’raven Guard like that!? A good slap to yer slave-makin’ face oughta tame yer tongue…” She hissed, starting forward with her hand outstretched, but she was stopped by the leader’s outstretched arm.

“Easy, Malash…” the guard captain murmured, her eyes flitting back to Melina. Her expression was less wicked than it had been...She looked more curious than anything now.

“Got some fire in you, man-cub…” She grumbled, an undertone of admiration in her voice. “More’n I’ve seen from the rest of yer ilk, anyway. The Chief’s gonna be quite interested ‘n you... Ognil, Ghora.” She barked, getting to her feet. “Help our little pet up.”

Melina’s eyes widened in fear once more. Chief!? Was she going to be taken to their...their home!?

The orc called Malash peered dumbfounded at the guard captain as two other orcs stepped forward towards Melina, roughly hoisting her up by her arms. She yelped as the action jolted her ponderously full bladder, and immediately her thighs squeezed together as she fought to keep herself from leaking again.

“Yeh can’t be serious, Khamina…” Malash began, setting her jaw. “What use could th’ Chief have for a little worm like her? We should just kill her now and be done w-”

“The Chief’ll decide what she can have use for, Malash.” Khamina cut in coolly, though there was a bit of an edge to her voice that said she was not to be challenged. “‘Sides…”

She reached out, running a finger along Melina’s cheek with a smirk as she was dragged past. “‘Twould be a shame to kill a pretty little thing like her fer no reason. Alright, you lot, move out!” She ordered turning and striding away.

Malash scowled, casting one last dirty look at Melina before following the captain.

Melina herself could only swallow and pray, letting out a small whimper as the orcs dragged her away into the night.

TO BE CONTINUED….

