Revenge

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-25 01:26

She is a beautiful woman of 39 years but she is dangerous. I'm talking about my biology teacher who is always trying to drive the boys in class crazy with her body. When a boy makes a mistake, she abuses the power she has as a teacher and as a woman.

I've seen that happen before and each time the boy had to leave and got a negative note from the police. It made me terribly angry that she abuses her power so much. Especially when it happened to my best friend I got very angry. She had shown no respect for him at all and had almost put her breasts in his face. Of course he had made a mistake and grabbed her breasts. That was disrespectful of him, but her way of challenging was equally disrespectful. But a woman almost always wins this discussion. Usually right, but not in this case, I think.

We are young people and sex takes an important place with us. There's nothing wrong with that, because that's how nature works. The boys think a little rougher and the women a little more subtle, but with the same goal. Sex, sex and more sex to ensure reproduction.

But from a woman of almost 40, who teaches at a secondary school, you can expect more wisdom. Challenging guys this age with her body indicates that she has little respect for their feelings. She only wants to hurt the boys emotionally because she enjoys that. A kind of sadism that does not belong in this school where everyone is concerned with the future. I wonder how I can stop her.

Now I'm lucky to have a fantastic gift, I can make myself invisible. I only discovered this gift 5 years ago and it amazes me why I never discovered it before. I have had many fun adventures with this gift and I enjoy it every day.

I want to humiliate her and go as far as getting her fired with a negative note to the police. She had to feel that her future looked totally uncertain. Just like my best friend who is crying daily about what happened. I don't like being hateful, but if I have to I'm not ashamed of it..

I decided to follow Jacqueline for a while to learn her way of life. I followed her to her home. It is a nice house with lots of space and a garage. I followed her into the kitchen and the delicious smell made me hungry. She went to the bathroom to take a shower. But first she sat naked on the toilet. She emptied her bladder with a strong jet and got into the shower. She has a beautiful body and it cannot be difficult for her to seduce many men. I find her really attractive and almost forgot my mission.

I noticed that she often went to a cafe in her spare time. It was almost always busy and there are many singles looking for love. Good music was played and Jacqueline can move limberly to the rhythm of the music. She is dressed nice and sexy and she is flirting with a man at the bar. She smiled at him and he came over and introduced himself. Hi, I'm Max would you like to have a drink with me? Please, said Jacqueline, and they walked to a table. And what does Jacqueline do for work, Max asked after he ordered the drinks.

I am a teacher and I teach biology. What a sexy subject to teach, but that suits you. You must be making a lot of guys hot, said Max. Oh, answered Jacqueline they are only boys and I can play with them. Having fun playing with it, what do you mean, Max asked.

Well those boys are stiff with hormones and every now and then I like to challenge them. Be careful, said Max, because you can make boys quite angry at that age. They're not going to hurt me because I got some of them expelled from school, Jacqueline said.

The conversation went a little further and I knew enough. Our teacher is a femme fatale and I feel an enormous hatred rise in me. She goes way too far and ruins the future of my classmates for her pleasure.

I'm going to the toilet. Max wants to order you something to drink. Can't you hold it, Max asked in a dominant tone. I'd rather go now because I hate holding my pee in for long. It's because it hinders my movement too much, said Jacqueline. But a woman of your caliber wouldn't let her bladder tell her what to do, would she? Jacqueline was impressed by the dominant tone with which Max spoke. Okay, she said I'll hold it off for a while but not too long because it's starting to hurt. They finished their glasses and went to the dance floor. The DJ played romantic music and the couples were dancing together.

Max would you please press me a little less hard, Jacqueline asked. Why don't you like standing up to me? Yes, answered Jacqueline but you are pressing so hard against my full bladder that it hurts. Jacqueline has to squeeze really hard not to pee in her panties. But she was willing to do that for this good-looking man. What do you do for work Max, Jacqueline asked. I only work when I feel like it because I have enough money not to have to work.

Jacqueline's eyes started to sparkle because she hooked a big fish. She started kissing him to win him over. Max, who knew how the world works, kissed intensely. Jacqueline felt her bladder almost burst but she had to hold on for a while.

I could see from her posture that she really needed to pee and I pressed quite hard on her bladder. Aw, why are you doing that Max, she sneered. I'm not doing anything, Max replied, what are you talking about? You deliberately press hard on my bladder and you know it's overflowing. You are not wise, see Max and walked irritated to the bar and paid.

He walked back to Jacqueline and said, I'm not one of your students. You look beautiful but inside you are ugly. But, she stammers, you can't leave me alone now Max, I didn't mean it like that. Of course I can, said Max who do you think you are not a nice person.

Unaccustomed to a rejection, she walked to the toilet insulted. She felt that she had peed a little because her panties were wet. She still had to pee badly and there was a long line. She was very angry, she had clearly felt a hand on her bladder. Then why did Max deny that, he was the only one who could do that. She didn't understand it, but what she did know is that she needed a toilet quickly. She pressed her hands hard into her crotch and asked the woman in front of her if she could go ahead. No, the woman replied, I really need to pee myself. Jacqueline felt totally misunderstood by the world and waited her turn with both hands in her crotch and kicking like a little girl.

By now I knew enough and left for home. I resolved to break into Jacqueline's house on Monday morning and sabotage her toilet. I had set my alarm clock extra early to get to Jacqueline's house on time. It was easy to get in and I walked straight to the toilet. I took a toilet roll and made a big wad of it. I stuck this as deep as possible in the sewer and pulled through once. The water stood to the brim and did not sink. Then I took her bunch of keys and put it in the fridge. When I turned around I accidentally saw her watch and put it back 10 minutes in time. This was an unplanned action but I had a lot of fun doing it.

Satisfied, I went home and jumped in the shower. What a wonderful gift it is to be able to make yourself invisible, I thought to myself.

Jacqueline had to get up and get ready. She felt worthless from the nasty weekend. Where had Max gotten the audacity to abandon her? She tried her best to forget.

Today is an important day because the head of the school is coming to assess her as a teacher today. She knows she needs to pee but she decided to drink coffee first to wake up. She drank 2 cups of coffee and then went to her wardrobe. She picked out a nice dress and took it to the bathroom and went straight to the toilet. What is that, she cried indignantly, is my toilet broken? She pulled one more time and the water overflowed the rim of the pot. Her bladder became intrusive, sending signals to her head that she needed to pee.

Shit shit, she said, I'll have to hold it until I get to school because I'm not going to pee in the shower. She turned on the tap and washed herself under the lukewarm water. For a moment she forgot her full bladder and washed her pussy.

After she dried herself and put on her panties, she went to make herself. She looks beautiful she thinks. She stood and looked in the wardrobe mirror and admired herself.

Only her bloated bladder bothered her, sorry dear, but you'll have to hold on for a while, she told herself. Her bladder gave a clear signal that she did not agree with this. Ouch, calm down but I'm about to empty you bitch, she spoke to her bladder. She had to pee so much that everything irritated her, so she decided not to wear a bra. She put on her dress and put on a nice smelling perfume.

I only go to school a little earlier so that I have enough time to pee. She wanted to get her keys but couldn't find them. She began to doubt herself enormously, where did I put my keys, she wondered. She started sweating because she had to go to school. She searched for a while but couldn't find the keys. Wtf is that again I'm sure I put them here yesterday. Her bladder was signaling again and she knew she had to leave now or she would pee in her panties. She closed the door behind her, knowing she has a problem getting back in.

On the way to school she felt her bladder fill up. She looked at her watch and saw that she was just in time. When she arrived at the school, the janitor spoke to her. Jacqueline the principal of the school is already waiting for you in class. Why so early, she asked. You are more than 10 minutes late, the concierge replied. What a terrible day it is today, Jacqueline thought as she walked to the classroom. Her bladder was overflowing and that irritated her a lot. She really hated it and it hurt a lot. How was she supposed to teach without anyone noticing? She opened the door and apologized for being late.

I had to laugh to myself because I immediately saw that her bladder is swollen. Her bladder is about to burst . And what is the topic today, asked the director. I'd like to give an hour of questions on a particular topic today, Jacqueline replied. Her bladder is so full that she pressed her legs together tightly. She unconsciously squeezed her crotch with her hands as well. She was cold and hot at the same time from the pain and that made her nipples hard. May we talk about the female body, one of the girls asked. Yes of course you can, go ahead. Why do the woman's nipples become hard, the girl asked. That is a natural reaction of her body to certain emotions. She can feel like having sex and then her nipples get hard to seduce or she's cold.

Her bladder now sent a huge spurt of pain through her body. She barely managed to stop peeing in her panties. Her nipples were tight and stuck hard through her dress, the director saw this too. He also noticed that she was constantly rubbing her crotch. Why don't you wear a Jacqueline bra, he asked. You also teach guys and you unnecessarily challenge them in this way. Jacqueline felt the ground drop from under her. She'd made a huge mistake by not wearing a bra.

She often does that, sir, I said. She challenges us and if we accidentally react to that, she makes sure that the person is expelled from school. It became increasingly clear to the principal what was going on in this class. Jacqueline felt very attacked by me and that is exactly my intention. She had to get angry and say the wrong things. I had observed her enough and was sure that this was going to happen.

That's not true, she said. Oh no, I said, why are you rubbing your crotch like that? Because I have to pee a lot, she replied. You could also have peed before entering the class. After all, you were already too late. But as a biology teacher you really know that a woman with a full bladder makes boys horny, I see. Yes but I ehh, she couldn't get out of her words.

Your story doesn't add up, the director said. You're late, you're not wearing a bra, and you're acting obscene in a class of boys. I can't tolerate this, you have to understand.

Jacqueline felt totally cornered and said, I can challenge those boys a bit because they learn from that. I have expelled 3 boys from school because of your behavior and they have been endorsed by the police. I now see what a huge mistake I made, said the director. Jacqueline was tense with fear, she couldn't even feel her bladder anymore.

Jacqueline I have to fire you immediately because there is no place here for a teacher who abuses her power in this way. But then I'll lose everything, Jacqueline stuttered. It won't stop there if it's up to me, said the director. I will do everything I can to clear the name of the boys I have sent away. And if I have to, I'll sue you, you can be sure of that.

She was tense with nerves and her bladder emptied uncontrollably. The puddle kept flowing from her bladder and clattered to the floor, she was deeply ashamed. I'm sorry for you, but you set a bad example for all women who do deal fairly with men, the director said. I hope the girls have learned something from this, then all the misery will not have been in vain.

Jacqueline walked out of the classroom and cried, her future had become totally uncertain. I followed her and shouted, Max warned you. Boys my age can get very angry. Oh yeah, and your keys are in the fridge. She turned and wanted to say something, I held up 2 middle fingers and walked back to the classroom.

Jack Jack, wake up, my wife called, your breakfast is ready. I opened my eyes and realized that I dreamed everything. How nice it would be if you could really make yourself invisible, I thought and stood up.

