A nature documentary

Author: Flush

*000*2023-03-30 11:26

Comment from the author: Once again, I'm experimenting with a unusual point of view, this time my story is narrated from the point of view of a nature documentary.

A NATURE DOCUMENTARY

After five days of hard labor, this homo sapiens is now slowly getting tired of his demanding strict schedule of sleeping, eating and working. As dawn falls, he returns to his concrete home, along with the oldest of his fellow creatures, where they will rest with their families for two days in order to prepare for the next labor period.

However, there are a number of them - in general the younger ones - who won't take the opportunity to wind down just yet - even though they appear to be just as exhausted. Those males and females travel in small same-sex groups towards loud, dark illuminated buildings, where they drink copious amounts of fluids, so that they will be able to stay in motion during their long night. It’s an adventurous journey for them, with one clear goal in mind for these youngsters; to find a mate. It is this motive that drives these nocturnal creatures, and the interplay between them is very different from their daytime interactions. Females wear as little clothing as possible to show off their assets to attract males, while their counterparts are loud and tenacious in their attempts to assert dominance over the other males.

This group of females bonds together in the middle of the room, in order to take advantage of the cheerleader effect, a cognitive bias which causes homo sapiens to think individuals are more attractive when they are in a group. They know that they are a prime target for the males around them, and by standing in a circle, they defend themselves against unwanted attention from low-effort seducers. One by one, they gather drinks and return to their defensive formation. It's no use for the males to approach the all-female group - they will have to come up with an alternative strategy. A number of them decide to position themselves by the place where the females acquire their fluids, hoping to establish contact with a lone female while she is briefly separated from her group.

This male decides to seize the opportunity, and is rather successful in his endeavor - and after he brings his prey a fresh beverage, the lone female takes the bait by accepting his offer. She invites her predator to join her group, an act observed by the other males of his own group. They in turn pick his successful strategy up, and things happen quickly from this moment on. For the next period of time, males keep on offering stimulating fluids to their female counterparts in an effort to gain their attention.

Of course, what goes in must come out at some point. A small group of three females make their way to a designated spot where they take turns to undo themselves of their liquid bodily excesses. The night is still young, and they are able to return towards their group without a whim. But more females arrive, and the wait becomes longer, their needs getting more pressing as they queue for a spot to free up.

It's an unpleasant surprise for the two youngest females of the group, who have no choice but to join the crowd between them and the assigned place of relief. They are the last ones of the group to do so, oblivious in their inexperience that waiting until the last moment is an audacious affair. At first glance, nothing seems to be wrong, because they try to keep up their appearances by moving around in sync with the harmonious noise in the building. However, if we take a closer look at their kinesics, we can detect their discomfort in subtle ways.

We can observe that the shorter female for example is uncrossing and crossing her legs very tightly at regular intervals, which is non-standard human behavior. By pushing her thighs together, she applies external pressure, and that way she can squeeze her inner muscles tighter, which is necessary to keep the liquid bodily excesses inside her bladder. The taller female seems to use another tactic; she is leaning against a wall for support and is holding her knee with her hands, presumably so that she can redirect the forces in her body towards holding the liquids in. When we zoom in on her even further, we can also see that she is tapping her fingers on her knee and biting her lip, which are tell-tale human signs of discomfort. But the clearest indicator is the longing look in their eyes while they keep staring towards the wall opening where bursting females enter and the relieved females emerge.

Unfortunately for them, the rate of influx and outflux has been slowing down since the beginning of the evening, with a number of causes attributing to the setback. The building has gotten significantly more crowded, which means that the humans tend to postpone their visit to the designated place of relief. On average, females are storing a larger amount of liquids inside their bodies, leading to longer voiding times.

But there is another reason why the females take more time to do their business on an individual basis. The stimulating fluids have an intoxicating effect on them, and they are not as efficient in their task as they were earlier in the evening, slowing them down considerably. Last but not least, one of the designated relief places has been closed after a female from another group had voided herself off her bodily excesses through her mouth in an act called vomiting. The result of all of this is that our two young females are still in the queue after a considerable amount of time, and they are surely starting to get desperate.

The shorter female is more restless than before, and even presses her hand between her legs for a few seconds. The taller one leans forward and whispers something in the shorter female's ear. We can't overhear their conversation, but it seems that they are trying to come up with an alternative strategy to resolve their sticky situation. The taller female marches over towards the head of the queue and tries to get the attention of the first one in line. By putting on a spectacle of dancing around to display her desperation, the tall female tries to convince the first female to give her permission to cut in line. But it's no use; all of these females in the queue are needing to use the designated place of relief rather badly, and they ignore the plea of the tall female. Visibly unsatisfied, she returns to her own place in the line.

Disaster looms for the two helpless girls.

If they fail to make it to a designated relief place in time, they will uncontrollably void their liquid bodily excesses in their clothes. This is a horrible outcome that the females anxiously want to avoid at all costs. Not only will such an act make them ineligible for mating this night; there are also long-term consequences. Other humans will strongly condemn the behavior and spread the news with their communication devices, tainting the societal status of the females indefinitely. It's a fate they don't want to face, and that's why they are trying so hard to keep their bladder muscles squeezed. But they also know that they have a limit - they can't do this forever.

Suddenly, the shorter of our two females charges ahead, past the line and past the entrance of the building. Dancing around on the sidewalk, she seems clueless about her destination, until she spots a poorly lit alley in between the building and the next one. While she runs there, she hikes up her dress, and we can now see why she was so eager to leave her spot in line. There's a glistening wet spot on her underwear, indicating that she had leaked; this female has truly reached her limit. Although the alley is not a designated place to release liquid excesses, it seems to be a viable alternative for the woman in her desperate state.

But she's not the only one with that idea.

A dark-haired female coming from another building beats her to the somewhat secluded spot. Our female can only watch how her adversary removes her lower clothing, squats down, and releases her pent-up liquids onto the pavement. There's only room for one, so our shorter female will have to wait until her peer has finished. With a lot of effort, she holds on, but she has to pull out all the stops. With her dress hiked up, we can see her fingers pressing intensely on her underwear, leaving no room for imagination.

The other female in the alley smiles in relief, but her moment of joy is cut short when a bright light suddenly illuminates the alley. A group of rule-keepers have entered the scene, and that spells trouble for the two women. Human society is built on rules that homo sapiens must obey. One of them is the prohibition of disposing of liquid excesses in a public place, and the dark-haired female is caught red-handed. While the rule-keepers can imprison her as punishment for her crime, the woman gets off with a lighter sentence.

While one of the rule-keepers is writing a note to the dark-haired girl, our shorter girl is visibly struggling, attracting the attention of the other rule-keeper. Our tall female enters the scene, and pulls the shorter girl to the rescue and out of the alley. The search for an alternative relief place hasn't worked for them, and they swiftly return to the dark illuminated building. But there's even more trouble for the females; there's now a queue at the entrance, and access to the building is denied to anyone, including our two females. The chance to use the designated relief place in the building is now blocked off for an undisclosed amount of time - time that the two females simply don't have.

With their options running out, they decide to retreat to the safest place they know; the tall female's home. They walk there, their speed impacted by their desperate condition; fortunately the concrete building isn't too far away. The shorter female halts a few times, but her tall friend encourages her, leading the way towards her place. The physical battle is almost over for the two females, but on a mental level, the struggle only intensifies.

Their brains know that a designated relief place is near, and a phenomenon called key in lock syndrome kicks in, an intense urgency to pee. If they are unlucky, their bladder muscles might just fail here on the spot. To counter this fierce feeling, the tall female presses her free hand between her legs, while she struggles to open the building entrance. The shorter female hikes up her dress again, massaging her privates, and we can see that the wet spot on her underwear has expanded. A glistening drop runs down her thigh; it seems that she is losing the battle.

The tall female roars. Once inside, they are safe from the outside world, their societal status intact. Now, the only thing to save is their own dignity.

A human’s concrete home is typically divided in many spaces. Usually in the center, there’s a place where they gather to eat, and next to it there’s a space where they prepare their meals. There’s also a room where they can rest at night, and a corner with comfortable seating intended for shorter breaks. The smallest room in the house is usually the one with all the drains; a tub they can fill with water to wash themselves, a small basin for quick washes, and the designated place to relieve themselves of bodily excesses. It's in this room that we are now waiting for our two females to arrive.

The door opens, and the battle for the only designated relief place available ensues.

The tallest female makes the first move. She barges through the door, pulling down the straps of her jumpsuit in one swift motion, exposing her bare breasts and her lace panties. The second female can only witness how her companion plants her bottom on the designated relief furniture, without even lowering her underwear. The first liquid bursts through the fabric before she pulls her thong aside. She made it, barely.

The shorter female has lost the race. We can see that her panties are absolutely soaked; it seems that she has momentarily lost control on the way here. She has no choice but to accept defeat, and plants herself down on the side of the bathtub, just before a large stream erupts out of her.

On average, all mammals, including homo sapiens, take 21 seconds to expel liquid bodily excesses. It's clear that our females take much longer than that, because their streams are still going strong; they've truly pushed their limits. After a while, silence falls in the room, and both females seem relieved. They may not have found a mate, but they've surely learned a valuable lesson tonight.

THE END

