Fancy Dress Fiasco

Author: Fishy

*000*2017-12-29 03:43

Hey, all!

In my introduction, I mentioned that I had plans to possibly put together some comics. To that end, I set about planning some possible story ideas. The one that I liked the most involved wetting and possibly messing at a fancy dress party. Now that I've shared some art with you, I felt that I should share some of my writing with you too. Below you'll find some words that I've written, based on that particular story idea. I'd love to hear any feedback you have! I've received some very kind comments so far in my art thread, so thank you!

WARNING! CONTAINS SWEARING, FARTING, AND IMPLIED POOP DESPERATION!

Stephanie stepped outside, holding her crotch firmly as she went. She knew that she had to find somewhere to go soon.

"This is the worst." she muttered to herself as she struggled along the path. "Of all the places for this to happen."

However, despite being in such an awkward position, she couldn't help but feel excited.

"No, Steph! Pull yourself together! This is no place to wet yourself on purpose!" she thought.

While she had purposefully wet herself multiple times before in the privacy of her own home, she had never done so in public before. She felt conflicted. She knew she shouldn't; it was far too risky. Yet, the excitement coursed through her body. Her tight-fitting costume put continuous pressure on her bladder. The party was still very much alive and full of people. The toilets were likely still occupied and even if they weren't, she couldn't possibly make it back in time now. How exciting!

Stephanie shook her head as she continued along the path, letting out a small moan, "No! Snap out of it!" she thought, "I'm not pissing in my costu--"

She quickly removed one hand from her crotch and placed it over her mouth. She had started talking out loud! Her cheeks turned bright red as she stopped and frantically looked around to make sure that she was alone. Indeed, she was.

"Fuck!" she exclaimed as she let out a deep breath, her hand now hovering in front of her mouth.

She stood still for a few seconds before she caught a whiff of something. She sniffed her hand, before looking down at her crotch. She slowly removed her other hand, revealing a small wet patch.

"Damn it!"

She placed both of her hands back on her crotch and started walking again, quickly accelerating to a slow jog. She reached the rear of the building and hid around the corner, underneath a window. She could hear party guests inside, on the other side of the glass.

"Doesn't look like I have much choice. This'll have to be as good a place as any."

It was at this point that Stephanie realised how much of a faff it was to put her costume on in the first place. It was extremely awkward and she hadn't thought about ease of access at all.

"Come on, come on!" she said frustratedly as she attempted to get her costume off.

Eventually, she conceded defeat and realised that flooding her costume was the only option. She sighed.

"Fine, but I need to be quick!" She quietly told herself.

She leant with her buttocks against the wall behind her and relaxed. It took a moment, but shortly afterwards, she began to let loose in her costume. A faint hissing sound could be heard as the wet patch grew and expanded from her crotch. She could feel the warm wetness forming and making it's way down her legs. She smiled with relief.

PRRTTT!!!

She suddenly looked up and her eyes widened.

"Oh, fuck no..." she thought, "...was that just trapped wind or do I need to take a dump now too?"

She looked up at the window. As if the party guests would have heard her farting over the music! Nevertheless, given the situation, she was undoubtedly on-edge.

She let out a sigh before looking back down and assessing the damage. She was now free of the need to pee, but how was she going to rejoin the party now? And what if she needed to poop soon? It appeared that finding a spot to pee in was just the start of her worries.

__________________________

Peace and love!

*002*2017-12-29 04:47

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

That was great

}}

Thank you! :D

*004*2017-12-29 05:04

{{1 minute ago, YourFNF said:

I liked it but I feel like there needs to be more detail about the costume if it's going to be a central plot device

}}

I'm glad that you liked it and I totally agree! This was just a test to see what I could come up with. I'm likely going to write more about the events before and afterwards, so I'll be sure to include lots of detail about the costume!

*006*2017-12-30 00:03

{{6 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I agree. It's hard to visualize the wetting if I don't know what her costume looks like.

}}

I'm going to expand upon on my writing. As stated above, this was merely a test to see what I could come up with on the spot. I took the story idea that I had and just started typing. I definitely agree that there needs to be more detail about the costume, which will come in the next installment. This next installment will cover the events prior to the desperation and wetting. I'm going to make a start on it shortly, so keep an eye on this thread! I'll post it here as soon as it's ready! :)

*008*2017-12-30 01:41

{{1 hour ago, MLPro said:

I like what you have so far, so definitely keep expanding on it!

}}

I'm glad that you like it! Will do! :)

*010*2017-12-31 18:35

{{1 hour ago, blooper said:

Seems good so far. In agreement about the costume thing, but always happy to see the potential of more messing stories.

}}

Thank you! The next installment will be coming later today which will detail the costume and add some backstory. :)

*011*2018-01-02 17:50

Hi, all!

I'd like to start off by saying that I hope you all had a great start to 2018! May the rest of this year treat you well! :)

Now, I hereby present: the next installment! Sorry about the delay. I've added a lot more to my writing and slightly changed some parts. I've even introduced a new character! I'd love write more stories in different situations with these characters! Let me know what you think!

WARNING! CONTAINS SWEARING, FARTING, AND IMPLIED POOP DESPERATION!

- FANCY DRESS FIASCO -

Stephanie was a woman in her early twenties. She had long, brown hair, hazel eyes, and freckled skin. She had travelled with her roommate, Riley, to a new year's fancy dress party that they had been invited to. Upon arrival, she walked through the front doors of the venue and felt the warmth of the interior hit her instantly. It was a lot more pleasant than being outside in the cold night air. She relaxed. She had consumed a fair amount of water over the course of the afternoon, so her bladder was already somewhat full. She stood in the lobby while she waited for Riley to join her.

As this was a fancy dress party, Stephanie had arrived dressed as her favourite video game character. She was wearing a tight-fitting spandex bodysuit which had the characters outfit design printed on it. While the outfit was simple, it was most certainly effective. However, it wasn't the easiest thing to put on, requiring her roommate to zip it up at the back for her. Riley was dressed as her favourite film character who was an artefact hunter. She had donned a brown t-shirt, a pair of black shorts, and a pair of black lace-up combat boots, finished off with a pair of black fingerless gloves and black straps.

Just then, her phone beeped, alerting her to a notification. She took her phone out of her bag and checked it. Her friend had sent her a text:

Hey, heard you're at a party with Riley. You up for a dare? Don't answer, I'm daring you anyway! ;)

The messages continued:

So, it's no secret that you like her.

I mean, like like her.

This was true. Riley was a spunky and charismatic Irish tomboy who was of a similar age, and slightly shorter than Stephanie. She had a caramel complexion, dark brown eyes, and sported a long bob dyed brown with blonde tips. Stephanie had been in love with Riley ever since she'd first laid eyes upon her. However, despite their time living together, Stephanie had never been able to muster up the courage to tell her. While Riley was shorter than Stephanie, she had a much bigger bladder than her. While this meant that she didn't go as often as Stephanie, when she did go, she'd really go; something Stephanie found out soon after they'd moved in together. She'd stop and listen whenever she passed the bathroom while Riley was peeing. The sound was amazing and it turned her on, so much so that she'd almost been caught a couple of times touching herself outside the bathroom!

I dare you to kiss her at midnight! You'll thank me later! ;)

The screen faded to black while Stephanie stood there, staring at it. Just the thought of kissing Riley made Stephanie breathe faster and deeper and her cheeks turn red.

"Y'alright there, champ?" called out a familiar female voice from the doorway.

Stephanie looked over and quickly shoved her phone into her bag. It was Riley.

"What's up wit'chu? Why so jumpy?" Riley asked as she walked over, "Loosen up a little! We're here to have a good time!"

She stopped behind Stephanie and started to massage her shoulders, which caused her cheeks to grow even redder.

"Ye feelin' alright? Ye lookin' awfully flushed." asked Riley.

"Y-Yes, yes! I'm fine! I-It's just from the cold outside!" Stephanie replied.

"Alright then! Let's stop dawdlin' and get in there!" said Riley, patting Stephanie on the back before she headed into the party.

Through the next set of doors was a large hall with a decent amount of party guests already inside. At the far end of the hall was a stage with a DJ setting up her equipment on it. Food was layed out on a table to the left of the stage, while a bar was set up on the opposite side. The door to the right of the bar led to the toilets.

Stephanie and Riley spent some time saying hello, introducing themselves, and catching up with those whom they knew. Afterwards, they both started walking towards the other end of the hall.

"I'm dyin' o' thirst, drink?" offered Riley.

"Exagerration much? You had two shots of whiskey before we even left the house!" replied Stephanie.

"Aye, one to keep me warm and another for good luck!" Riley responded with a chuckle, "It's new year's! Don't worry so much! What can I get'cha?"

"I'll have a bottle of lager."

Riley went off to the bar and soon returned with two shot glasses, one filled with whiskey and the other filled with spiced rum, which she handed to Stephanie.

"This... isn't lager." said a confused Stephanie, looking at the shot glass.

"Nor is it a bottle!" replied Riley, laughing, "You're gonna chicken out on new year's? Live a little, girl! They have proper Irish whiskey too!"

Stephanie wasn't a whiskey drinker herself but she did enjoy some spiced rum on rare occasions, something that Riley was well aware of.

Riley clinked the shot glass in her hand together with the one in Stephanie's.

"To the new year! Cheers!"

Stephanie let out a sigh and smiled, "To the new year!"

"Down the hatch!" said Riley as she downed her shot of whiskey.

Stephanie soon followed suit.

###

An hour and several drinks later, Stephanie suddenly felt the urge to pee. By this point, she was mid-dance with Riley. She was having such a good time that she decided to hold on for a bit. This was not the smartest decision. She had a notoriously weak bladder and would easily leak whenever she tried holding on for extended periods of time. However, she had been drinking and she didn't want to ruin the moment by suddenly walking off. Dancing surely wasn't going to help, but she was confident that she'd be fine for another half hour or so.

Stephanie and Riley continued dancing together for a further hour before Stephanie couldn't put it off any longer. She'd been talked into multiple dances. She'd planned to take a break half an hour ago but it seemed that at that same point, Riley's favourite songs came on. She couldn't possibly leave Riley—the girl that she was so madly in love with—to dance alone. As soon as the song that was playing ended, she darted to the toilets. She rushed into the womens and looked around. All of the stalls were occupied.

"Shit!" she thought to herself, "Please be done soon! Someone! Anyone!"

She stood there, squirming about, trying not to think about her urgent need to take a leak. After a few minutes had passed, she heard a toilet flush and the stall door at the far end of the room opened. She let out a big sigh of relief.

"Thank you!" she exclaimed as she hurried down towards the stall.

However, at that same moment, Riley came charging into the ladies and ran straight past her.

"Sorry, champ!" said Riley breathlessly as she dashed into the unoccupied stall and slammed the door shut behind her, locking it, "I'm bustin'!"

Stephanie stopped and let out another sigh, this time with a pained expression on her freckled face. She could hear Riley undoing her shorts and whipping them off, along with her panties, seeing both drop down around one leg underneath the stall door. She turned around and leant foward, placing her left forearm on the counter while her right hand tightly grasped her crotch. She looked up and into the mirror as she tried to endure the magnificent sound of Riley's release. She stayed in that position for another fifteen seconds or so before standing up straight again.

"It's no use." she thought, "I'm just gonna have to find somewhere else to piss, and quickly!"

She quickly rushed back out of the ladies, almost bumping into another woman on the way out.

"Sorry!" she exclaimed as she ran back out towards the dancefloor.

What was she going to do? Where else could she relieve herself in a place like this? She looked around and tried to assess her options. Her eyes locked on to a wine cooler on the bar to her right and she bit her lip. The bartender was nowhere to be seen.

"Maybe if I could get down behind the bar..." she thought, "...I could take whizz in tha--"

She shook her head.

"What am I thinking?! Of course I can't do that!"

Just then, she noticed a door leading outside on the other side of the hall. Of course! She could go outside! It was dark enough. She ran across the dancefloor, navigating through the maze of party guests. "Sorry! Excuse me! Sorry! Thank you!"

She eventually reached the other side of the hall and quickly opened the door.

###

Stephanie stepped outside, holding her crotch firmly as she went. She knew that she had to find somewhere to go soon, and the cold air just made her need to go even more.

"This is the worst." she muttered to herself as she struggled along the path. "Of all the places for this to happen."

However, despite being in such an awkward position, she couldn't help but feel excited.

"No, Steph! Pull yourself together! This is no place to wet yourself on purpose!" she thought.

While she had purposefully wet herself multiple times before in the privacy of her and Riley's shared home, she had never done so in public before. She felt conflicted. She knew she shouldn't; it was far too risky. It was risky enough at home with Riley around! Yet, the excitement coursed through her body. Her tight-fitting costume put continuous pressure on her bladder. The party was still very much alive and full of people. The toilets were likely still occupied and even if they weren't, she couldn't possibly make it back in time now. How exciting!

Stephanie shook her head as she continued along the path, letting out a small moan, "No! Snap out of it!" she thought, "I'm not pissing in my costu--"

She quickly removed one hand from her crotch and placed it over her mouth. She had started talking out loud! Her cheeks turned a bright red as she stopped and frantically looked around to make sure that she was alone. Indeed, she was.

"Fuck!" she exclaimed as she let out a deep breath, her hand now hovering in front of her mouth.

She stood still for a few seconds before she caught a whiff of something. She sniffed her hand, before looking down at her crotch. She slowly removed her other hand, revealing a small wet patch.

"Damn it!"

She placed both of her hands back on her crotch and started walking again, quickly accelerating to a slow jog. She reached the rear of the building and hid around the corner, underneath a window. She could hear party guests inside, on the other side of the glass.

"Doesn't look like I have much choice. This'll have to do."

It was at this point that Stephanie realised how much of a faff it was to put her costume on in the first place. It was extremely awkward and she hadn't thought about ease of access at all.

"Come on, come on!" she said frustratedly as she attempted to get her costume off.

Eventually, she conceded defeat and realised that flooding her costume was the only option. She sighed.

"Fine, but I need to be quick!" She quietly told herself.

She leant with her buttocks against the wall behind her and relaxed. It took a moment, but she soon began to let loose in her costume. A faint hissing sound could be heard as the wet patch grew and expanded from her crotch. She could feel the warm wetness forming and making it's way down her legs. Her pee splattered onto the ground below as she smiled with relief.

PRRTTT!!!

She suddenly looked up and her eyes widened.

"Oh, fuck no..." she thought, "...was that just trapped wind or do I need to take a dump now too?"

She looked up at the window. As if the party guests would have heard her farting over the music! Nevertheless, given the situation, she was undoubtedly on-edge. She let out a sigh before looking back down and assessing the damage. She was now free of the need to pee, but how was she going to rejoin the party now? And what if she needed to poop soon? It appeared that finding a spot to pee in was just the start of her worries.

After shaking off, she made her way back down the path to the door. When she got there, Riley was standing there, waiting for her.

"So this is where you got to, eh?" said Riley in a relieved and slightly slurred voice, "I had to ask around and someone told me that they saw you comin' out here."

Just then they both heard the party guests inside counting down.

TEN! NINE! EIGHT!

"Is almost midnight already?!" exclaimed Riley, "I loss track o' time after our fif-- seve-- ah, I don't even feckin' remember."

SEVEN! SIX! FIVE!

"Well, I guess this is it, champ!" said Riley before joining in with the countdown.

FOUR! THREE! TWO! ONE!

"HAPPY NEW YE--"

Riley was suddenly interrupted by Stephanie who, as dared, had pushed Riley up against the wall and planted her lips upon hers. Stephanie stood still for a moment, coming to terms with what was occuring at that very moment. It was happening. She was kissing the girl she loved on her wonderfully soft lips. She reeked of whiskey but that didn't bother Stephanie one bit. Slowly, she pulled away and their lips parted. Stephanie's cheeks turned bright red once more.

"Why d'ya stop for?" asked Riley seductively.

Stephanie was surprised.

"I wasn't sure if-- I mean, I-- umm..." she said, fumbling her words.

"Don't you want to keep kissing your lover?" Riley asked.

"Well of course, bu-- wait, what? You mean--"

Riley interrupted her.

"That I love you too, champ? Of course, silly! C'mere!" she replied, hugging Stephanie.

Suddenly, Riley felt something wet touch her leg.

"Huh?"

"What is it?" Stephanie asked.

Riley looked down.

"You had an accident too, eh?"

Stephanie was confused.

"What do you mean 'too'?"

"Well..." said Riley, clearing her throat, "...I may have uh... ...been a bit too keen to open the ol' floodgates. Things got quite... ...wet down there."

Stephanie looked down at Riley's shorts and saw that they had a big wet patch on and around the crotch. They both looked back up at each other and smiled.

"Well, I couldn't let'chu have all the fun!" Riley told her.

They both laughed and embraced each other tightly.

"I love you, Riley."

"I love you too, Steph. Happy New Year."

"Yes, Happy New Year."

- THE END -

Peace and love!

*014*2018-01-02 22:08

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

Thank you! :D

{{2 hours ago, JZshark said:

AWWWW! That was so adorable and cute and sexy. I loved it! Great job on the writing.

}}

Thank you! I'm so glad that you loved it! ^^

