Kelly's Regret

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2018-01-03 03:55

For those of you who may or may not have read my stories before, this one is a sequel to The Beach Party story I posted a while ago. The Kelly referenced in the title is the same Kelly from that story.

It's not necessary for you have to read The Beach Party in order to enjoy this story, but fair warning if you haven't read it yet, there's a few spoilers about that story in this one.

===

Kelly's Regret, Part #1

The first thing Kelly was aware of as she woke up was that she needed to take a piss quite badly, her hands automatically grabbed her pussy in desperation. That she needed to pee so badly wasn't very surprising, Kelly had last peed at 6 AM yesterday morning. By the time Kelly had went to bed at midnight last night she had already really needed a piss after holding it for 18 hours already. And now according to the clock it was 8 AM, 26 hours since Kelly had last had a piss. Normally Kelly wouldn't have needed to go quite this badly after holding it for just 26 hours, but William had made sure she drank a lot of water the previous day. Kelly's bulging bladder, which was already large last night, had only gotten even larger overnight.

Before her humiliating loss against Zora's iron bladder several months ago Kelly would have probably used the toilet before bed. Or if not before bed it would certainly be the first thing she did right now after getting up the next day. But ever since her humiliating loss Kelly had been hyper focused on training herself to get an even stronger iron bladder than she already had. Kelly wanted nothing more than to have a rematch against Zora, and watch her arch-rival piss herself while Kelly still held it in even longer. The memory of her humiliating loss still haunted Kelly in her dreams from time to time, which only made her more determined to beat Zora one day.

Kelly thought she had made great progress in her training over the last few months, she knew her iron bladder was much tougher than it used to be. Yet Kelly feared that her arch-rival was probably pushing herself even harder in her own training then she was. Kelly knew that unlike her Zora refused to pee anywhere but a clean ladies room toilet. Zora had even bragged to Kelly once that Zora's own refusal to drop her clothing, and squat down for a piss outdoors like the other girls gave her the extra motivation to build up such an unbeatable iron bladder. Zora never had that option as a way out when she was far away from any toilets, so she always had to keep waiting.

Kelly had replayed that offhanded comment in her mind so many times the last few months. The more Kelly thought about it, the more she worried that Zora was right. Kelly needed to put herself in situations like Zora did, where she was desperate to pee, but wouldn't be able to for a long time. But putting herself in situations where she couldn't pee for a long time was easier said than done for Kelly.

Whenever Kelly got in trouble in her bladder training sessions at college she could always just give up and run into the ladies room to use a toilet. Or if that wasn't an option she could always squat down behind some bushes and pee outdoors as she had done countless times before. Other girls like Zora shuddered at the mere thought of peeing outdoors, and would try to hold it until a clean toilet was available to them at all costs, but Kelly loved peeing outdoors. Kelly thought peeing outdoors felt quite liberating, and enjoyed the freedom of it too much to give it up.

A girl like Zora could easily force herself to hold it all day or longer by taking a hike or camping trip outdoors. But that wouldn't work for Kelly, who had no qualms about peeing on the grass next to the guys, so Kelly needed an alternate solution.

Kelly's alternate solution was a padlock, and William's love for making her as desperate to pee as possible. When she got dressed yesterday Kelly had grabbed her favorite pair of expensive designer jeans, and locked herself in them with the padlock. She gave the key to her boyfriend William, with a knowing look in her eyes.

The look on William's face was like a kid in a candy shop as he realized what Kelly was asking him to do. "Are you sure you want to do this Kelly? You know I won't make it easy on you, I can promise you that" William had asked with a big grin.

Under normal circumstances Kelly would have known not to give her boyfriend absolute control over if she could pee or not. She had little doubt that he would abuse the privilege to make her hold it as long as possible, and maybe even cause her to piss herself in public again. Just the look in Will's eyes would have been enough to make Kelly reconsider under normal circumstances. But not today, Kelly was too desperate to beat her arch-rival's iron bladder to care what a bad idea she knew her plan was.

"I know you won't be easy on me Will, that's the whole reason I'm asking you to do it. You have my permission to be as hard on me and my iron bladder as possible, no matter what I tell you later" Kelly had replied with confidence. "I want you to make me hold it as long as I possibly can Will. If I tell you I can't wait any longer, I want you to call me a liar and make me wait even longer until you finally give me the key. I want you to push me to my absolute limits before you let me pee. You know full well why I need the practice".

"Oh Kelly, I think you'll regret asking me to do this by the time I finally give you the key" William had replied with an evil grin on his face now. Ever since William had met Kelly and learned what a huge iron bladder she had William had been fantasizing about situations like this, where he had absolute control over Kelly's bladder. In the months since the beach party William had to settle for watching Kelly make herself as desperate as possible, knowing full well she could give up and pee at any time despite Will's encouragement to keep waiting. But now Kelly had literally just given him the key to fulfilling his own secret fantasies on her. William knew he wouldn't waste this opportunity, Kelly would get plenty of training to help her best Zora's iron bladder alright!

Kelly, unaware of what William had in store for her, maintained her look of confidence, but in the back of her mind she was nervous. She had no doubt that William was bound to push her a LOT harder than she had been pushing herself in her training. Kelly just hoped that William didn't cause her to piss her expensive designer jeans. She had purposely picked her most expensive pair to make herself less likely to give up and piss herself.

Back in the present, Kelly's hands shot to her crotch as she fidgeted around in bed from her desperate urge for a morning piss. If it wasn't for the padlock, and it's reminder of her hatred for her arch-rival, Kelly would probably have been racing to plop herself down on the toilet seat for a piss after 26 hours of waiting. All that water she had drank yesterday at William's urging needed to come out in the worst way. Besides, a 26 hour hold ought to have been enough for Kelly to easily best anyone else's bladder under normal circumstances. But of course it hadn't been enough to bring down her arch-rival last time, Zora had continued to hold it for much of the second day in their last contest, despite the 5 and a half hour disadvantage she had over Kelly.

Kelly was so distracted by her urgent need for a morning piss that she didn't even think to glance to her side to see if William was awake or not. That changed when she soon heard the sound of the toilet flushing from the master bathroom a few meters away. Belatedly Kelly glanced to her side, and saw William leaving the master bathroom, clearly having just taken the morning piss Kelly urgently needed herself. William's eyes met Kelly's, with a knowing grin on his face.

"Good morning Kelly, how would you like to have a few glasses of water with breakfast" he asked as Kelly made herself sit up and stop squirming around in bed like a desperate little girl. Kelly hated looking like she was weak or desperate in front of Will and others if she could help it. Besides, forcing herself to not squirm around in desperation was good practice for her eventual rematch against Zora.

Still, Kelly couldn't help but shudder inwardly at the obvious message in William's good morning. She had only just woken up, and William was already making clear that he was going to be cruelly keeping her extremely well hydrated today just like yesterday. Kelly had started out yesterday with an empty bladder when she drank what was probably several gallons of beverages. Anything Will offered yesterday Kelly had dutifully drank without question or complaint.

But Kelly didn't have the luxury of taking a morning piss today before continuing to down more beverages, and William obviously wasn't going to give it to her. Kelly really didn't think she could last all day if William kept offering her as many drinks today as he did yesterday. She'd probably piss herself by the late afternoon if he did. But then maybe that was Will's plan with all this drinking, to fill her up as much as she had been in her last contest against Zora before she lost it. It would let them both see how much Kelly had really improved since then.

Kelly knew she could just refuse to drink some or all of the beverages William offered her today, but her pride wouldn't allow it, at least not yet. Besides, William was just doing what she had asked when he offered all these beverages. Still, Kelly could at least have a bit of fun teasing Will, pretending she might refuse his drinks, just to warn him she wouldn't roll over completely today no matter what he told her to do.

"And what if I'm not as thirsty today as I was yesterday Will?" Kelly asked, with an edge of stubbornness in her voice. Kelly sat up straighter in bed and kept herself stiller to make herself look stronger, and more unconcerned about her urgent need for a morning pee.

William smiled like a shark sniffing out weakness as he hid one of his hands behind his back. "Well then, I'd say I hope the reason you aren't thirsty isn't because you woke up this morning needing to use the toilet to take a badly needed pee after holding it for just 26 hours Kelly". Kelly swore in her mind, of course Will wouldn't buy her tough girl who doesn't have to pee body language. He probably saw her gripping her crotch and squirming around in her sleep before she got up.

"Of course I'm not bothered by my bladder Will, that's a silly question. I barely even feel an urge to go despite the 26 hours that it's been since I last peed" Kelly lied with an irritable look on her face.

"Well that's good to hear Kelly" William said as he let Kelly see what his hand was hiding behind his back, it was the key to her padlock. "Then you wouldn't want this even if I offered to let you take a morning piss, would you Kelly?".

Kelly knew William was just taunting her now for fun now. He knew full well she was lying to him, this was his way of calling her out on it. Kelly decided to play along with his 'offer' anyway. "Well... if you made the offer, I guess I would need to take it" she admitted slyly. "I can certainly wait a long while if I have to, but I could really do with a morning pee right about now".

"I thought so, you aren't a very good liar Kelly, your body language gives you away. You need to do better than that Kelly if you ever want to beat Zora's bladder of steel" William said simply. "That makes it a very good thing you asked me to help you train yourself. You know I'm all about 'helping' you to hold it in even longer Kelly".

Kelly's nostrils nearly flared as she was angered by the reminder that Zora was better than her. But reluctantly she knew that William was trying to help her, in his own cruel way, so she let it slide. "I'll have to prove you wrong then Will" she said, "Your girl knows how to hold her pee. I can handle a lot more than a mere 26 hours without a leak if you make me".

Kelly knew her bladder situation obviously wasn't going to improve at breakfast as she drank another 3 bottles of water at William's urging. Despite her prowess for holding it for a long time, Kelly found herself dreading the rest of the day, knowing that William would inevitably continue to fill her bladder until she couldn't take it anymore. Kelly had become super desperate plenty of times around William before, especially at various outdoors places far from a toilet. But Kelly had always had the power to rip her jeans off and pee wherever she was if William kept her from a toilet for too long for even her considerable bladder control.

But today Kelly didn't have that escape option, since William had the key to unlock her jeans. Thinking back to all the many times she had had enough and peed outdoors in front of William, she doubted that he would have given her the key to pee most of times if she had asked for it. Kelly tried to banish such thoughts from her head as she took a large sip of water. William only liked it when she was desperate to pee, he wouldn't really make her piss herself if she really couldn't hold it any longer... she hoped.

"So, what are we going to do today? Besides filling me up some more" Kelly asked William, hoping for a distraction from her gloomy thoughts.

"Oh, since you're going to make day so enjoying by continuing to hold it and giving me the key I thought I'd treat you to something special" Will said with a smile. "How's a day of shopping and sightseeing around town sound to you Kelly" he said with a grin.

Kelly's eyes lit up with joy, she was soon grinning with Will. "That's what I love about you Will, you know how to lift the mood of a girl who's having a bad morning" she said with a smile as she reached over to kiss him.

While William could be a jerk at times, shopping with him was the best, and showed the perks of dating a boyfriend from a wealthy family. He was often willing to let Kelly buy whatever she wanted on his dime (technically his wealthy parents dime, just like the vacation house they were staying in). Kelly, like any girl, loved shopping. Plus Kelly knew the shopping and sightseeing was bound to be a welcome distraction from her still filling bladder.

Of course when you're doing a lot of running around shopping and sightseeing, it can make you quite thirsty. So William made sure to frequently drag Kelly to vending machines to buy her a bottle of water, or a can of soda.

"Here Kelly, they say never letter your lady shop while she's thirsty" he said as he handed her a can of soda within 10 minutes of her finishing the last one. Kelly grimaced inwardly, her need to piss was distracting her enough already during their shopping, she didn't want even more soda so soon. But of course she couldn't show that weakness to Will.

"Whoever says that Will?" Kelly asked skeptically as she accepted the can of soda with a smile. "It sounds like something only you or Matt would ever say, to fill your girl's bladder up more". Kelly opened the can of soda and took a long sip for Will, trying to look like a woman who was completely unconcerned about her bladder.

"Ok, maybe I did just make it up" Will admitted with a grin. "But hey, maybe if your girl really needs to pee after quenching her thirst she'll tire of shopping quicker" he added with a shrug.

"Maybe other girls, but not this one" Kelly replied with a prideful grin. "You have to do better than giving me just a few cans of soda if you want me to hurry up and finish shopping so I can pee" she added daringly.

"What would be the point in attempting that Kelly?" Will asked playfully. "We both know you can't pee until I give you permission and unlock you. But based on how calm you seem that won't be for a very long time yet". Kelly smiled inwardly at the compliment.

"It certainly won't Will, I barely even notice the urge!" Kelly answered, perhaps a bit too quickly to come across as truly unconcerned about her bladder's incessant needs. But William didn't seem to notice, as his phone buzzed with a new text message, and he went back to texting some of his other college friends again.

By the time noon rolled around Kelly was really starting to regret accepting all the drinks William had offered her today. Shopping could no longer distract her from the 30 hours worth of pent up boiling piss she had brewing in her bladder. On any other day, were she not locked in her jeans, Kelly probably would have caved to her bladder's incessant demands by now and found a toilet to use. But not today, Kelly had locked herself in her jeans for a reason yesterday morning, she wasn't giving up that easily. Kelly was still determined to make this her longest hold ever, no matter how difficult Will made it for her. Kelly was even determined to keep up the tough girl who didn't need to pee act, no matter how much her bladder was nagging her for a piss right about now.

Yet as Kelly and William returned to their car carrying several shopping bags, Kelly found herself looking forward to the chance to sit down for a few minutes. It would be nice to rest her legs, and hopefully have her bladder settle down a bit. Just thinking about how badly she needed to pee was making Kelly's legs fidget. Kelly found herself fantasizing about how good it would feel to be able to pee, even taking a partial pee would feel really good after holding it for over 30 hours.

"Struggling with your need to pee I see Kelly" Will said with a knowing smile, knocking Kelly out of her daydreams. Kelly realized they were standing by the trunk of their car, and she had been fidgeting her legs around in a blatant sign of desperation. That wasn't what a tough girl who didn't need to pee was supposed to be doing Kelly told herself.

"I am not struggling with my bladder Will! I don't even have an urge to go!" Kelly lied stubbornly, despite the overwhelming evidence otherwise provided by her clearly visible rock hard bladder bulge. "I was just distracted a bit Will, it's nothing to worry about".

"Distracted by the unpleasant feeling that you haven't peed in the last 30 hours I bet Kelly" Will replied as he opened the trunk. "I bet you'll be begging me to give you the key and let you pee real soon when the urge becomes too much for you" he added, whipping a key out to wave it around just for good measure. Kelly couldn't tell from the distance if it was the key to her lock or a different key, but she assumed it was the lock's key.

The sight of the key sent a slight tremor through Kelly's bladder. She nearly crossed her legs in desperation, but caught herself and used muscle power alone to hold on. "Oh come on Will, do you really think I'd ask for your help, and give you the key, only to give up and ask to be allowed to pee after only 30 hours?" Kelly asked. "I'm a tougher girl then I was a few months ago Will, I can wait a lot longer than I used to".

William smiled at her proudly. "Well then, you'll just have to keep convincing me Kelly, in fact I have something in mind that'll do the trick" he said with a grin on his face. "Come over here for a moment Kelly", he pointed to the space between their car and the one parked next to them in the busy parking lot.

"You had better not be doing what I think you're doing Will" Kelly warned.

William's grin let her know that her suspicions were right, as he unzipped his jeans and began to pull his cock out. "If you're so confident you can keep holding on much longer then you already have then this should be nothing for you Kelly" Will said, quietly enough so others who might be near in the parking lot wouldn't hear them.

Kelly felt the familiar anger she had felt countless times before as she saw Will begin to piss right in front of her on the concrete. This was hardly the first time Will had ever found a way to pee in front of her when she was desperate but couldn't pee, Kelly used to have to endure it all the time around Will.

Kelly used to be like the other girls who refused to pee outdoors, until William helped change that. Whenever William peed in front of her outdoors when she had to piss really badly Kelly used to get really ticked off. She used to yell at him and loudly complain about how badly she had to pee. Early on in their relationship Kelly didn't even realize that William enjoyed putting her into desperate situations outdoors where he could pee but she couldn't because of her own inhibitions. It should have been so obvious in hindsight.

But one time Kelly had been really desperate for a piss after holding it in for nearly a day and a half on an outdoors adventure. When William whipped out his cock to cruelly pee in front her yet again, Kelly, certain she was on the verge of pissing herself any minute now, and not wanting to piss her jeans, decided she had enough. She hurried to undo her belt, then she ripped her jeans and panties down in one swift motion. Kelly was so desperate that she had already started peeing before she even squatted down beside William. Kelly's urine had gotten on her shoes and part of her jeans that first time, but it was much better than the alternate of completely pissing herself.

At the time Kelly had intended for it to be a one-time thing done out of pure desperation when she was on the verge of pissing herself. But William had told her afterwards that it was really hot watching her pee outdoors, and Kelly found that she had really enjoyed doing it. It was then that it clicked for her that William had been getting a kick out of seeing her desperate to pee, and cruelly peeing in front of her like that.

Just like Will was getting an erotic kick out of peeing in front of her right now. His penis was partially erect in excitement, which was making it harder for him to keep his stream going. After all the times Will had previously peed in front of her when she was desperate Kelly's bladder wasn't too bothered by Will's taunting piss. But Kelly still felt anger that Will would pee in front of her like this, and in such a public place where anyone walking back to their car might see. So she decided to do something about it this time around.

Kelly reached out and gripped Will's cock playfully, it instantly stiffened under her touch, and Will's urine stream slowed to a trickle, despite all the soda he still had inside. "Normally I love it when you give me a handjob Kelly, but right now I've really gotta pee after all that soda babe" Will complained.

"I think I'd rather you had to wait to" Kelly said with a smile as she began to stroke his cock. It didn't take much for her to get Will hard enough to cut his piss off entirely. "You can pee in front of me for your own erotic kicks as much as you want Will, but not in the middle of a crowded parking lot you idiot" she whispered angrily. "There's hidden cameras all over here, now put your cock back in your pants and hold it like a man till you get to a men's room".

Will looked like he was about to protest, until he saw the look of anger in Kelly's eyes. "Ok, you made your point Kelly. Let's grab some lunch" he said as he zipped his jeans back up. He had barely having gotten any relief at all in the 10 to 15 seconds he had been able to pee, but it was still more then Kelly's bursting bladder was going to get.

At lunch Will briefly left Kelly to take a still much needed piss in the men's room. Kelly was glad she didn't have to listen to his piss for once as she crossed her legs underneath the table. Will soon came back and they ordered and ate lunch together, with Kelly continuing to cross and squirm her legs around under the table where no one could see.

Wanting to continue the tough girl act, Kelly ended up helping herself to several refills of her large glass of coke at lunch without Will's prompting. "You really put that soda away at lunch darling. But where's it all going I wonder" Will commented as they got up to leave.

"I know you want me to beg for the key Will, but I don't have to, not when I'm so good at holding it" Kelly replied calmly. She wasn't sure for how much longer she could continue to act calm however, she was sure that soda was going to cause her a lot of havoc once it all hit her bladder in another hour or two.

