An unconventional AA program

Author: fullbladder

*000*2022-11-10 11:23

Hi everyone, I'm back trying something different here! This can be a sensitive topic won't be everyone's cup of tea (alcoholism trigger warning). This first chapter doesn't have much going on, but it will set up some interesting omorashi for ch 2 and beyond!

Sama, dressed smartly in tight curve-hugging jeans and a white tucked-in tee, walked quickly from her 2021 Honda Civic to the Unitas Club building. Her red heels clacked as she strode to the glass door and pulled it open. Despite her confident appearance, she was quite nervous- it was her first Alcoholics Anonymous meeting.

It had all started about six months ago. Sama’s mother had passed away suddenly back home in Guanajuato, Mexico. The two had been very close as Sama’s father had left the family a few days before Sama was due. Now Sama had no one left and she had turned to drinking to drown her sorrows. After a drunk driving arrest, the merciful judge had given her a chance to undergo treatment along with community service in lieu of harsher punishment.

She was an attractive 24-year-old Latina who turned heads wherever she went. With brains to match her model looks, she had great fashion sense which attracted men and women alike. Since immigrating over to study at radiology at Georgia Tech, Sama had dated a trio of boys, two students and a doctor, but none had been the one. She had a long-term, steady boyfriend growing up but it had become apparent he would never be able to meet Sama’s career potential so their on-again, off-again relationship had officially ended when she had been accepted into college. Last she had heard, he was still working as a construction worker in Mexico City.

Sama followed the signs to the meeting room. Unitas Club was pretty cool, all things considered. There was a small restaurant and dining area, a lounge area with a TV, even a couple of billiards tables. She walked through the door just as an older black man was in the process of closing it. “Ah, just in time- welcome.” He greeted warmly as she walked past him to an open seat in the back row.

“Thanks.” She mumbled, scanning the room. She really didn’t want to run into anyone she knew. Fortunately, it seemed like there were no familiar faces in the room. There were about twenty chairs set up in front of a simple podium- about fifteen of the chairs were occupied.

The friendly man had shut the door behind Sama and now stood at the podium. “Hi everyone!” He greeted the room with a radiant smile. The room echoed his hello.

“Most of you know me- I’m Derek. I see a couple of new faces here with us, so let’s give them a warm welcome and then they can introduce themselves!”

After a quick round of applause, a young slim blonde stood up a few seats away from Sama-she couldn’t have been over 22. “Hi y’all, I’m Kayleigh. My parents just moved here and I came to this meeting so I can build on my seven weeks of sobriety.”

Applause circled around the room again and eyes turned to Sama. She stood up nervously. “Hullo everyone- I’m Sama. And I… I’m here because I… I need help to stop drinking.”

Her eyes welled up and voice quivered as she spoke. What a nightmare year it had been. Her mom was gone and she had nearly thrown her own life away.

The applause was quieter this time and short-lived. Derek spoke up enthusiastically again. “And we’re glad to help you, Sama! Welcome to both of you- let me give you the ins and outs here real quick.”

He spoke about the program and its 12 steps for the next ten minutes. He also mentioned a women-only group and gestured towards a lady seated in the front row, Dr. Crystal McKay. Crystal led the private women’s AA group and was open to accepting new members. Derek encouraged Kayleigh and Sama to talk to her if they were interested. He then called for a 10-minute coffee break.

Sama really had no interest in joining another group. She had been court-ordered to join AA within two weeks, so here she was. But, she knew she had to stop drinking before things got worse, so what was the harm in exploring the women’s only group? It wasn’t like men had been any good for her!

Also, she didn’t really know anyone there so grabbing a coffee and joining Kayleigh in her chat with Crystal was not the worst idea. Sama filled up a paper cup with black coffee and walked over.

Crystal was already in an animated conversation- she seemed to be full of energy. “… we do some really interesting things. I don’t really like to go into too much detail before a girl has officially signed up, but yeah… Basically, we get a chance to experience how destructive our drunkenness can be- we are all sober as we go through this, of course." She added the caveat as an afterthought.

“Wow, sounds interesting!” Kayleigh had been nodding along as she listened. Sama couldn’t help but notice both ladies were quite attractive in their own ways. Crystal, with straight black hair which just reached her shoulders, was about the same height as Sama, not as curvy but still quite equipped in the breasts and posterior department. Meanwhile, Kayleigh was taller and slimmer, with wavy light-blonde hair down to her mid-back.

Without skipping a beat, Crystal turned to Sama. “Hi Sama, welcome to AA. As I was explaining to Kayleigh here, we meet every Saturday morning at 10 for a few hours. It’s a blended treatment and research program- I’m a professor at Georgia Tech and -“

“Oh, I went to George- I’m an alum!” Sama exclaimed. This group was sounding interesting.

“Oh cool, what did you study?” Crystal had snapped out of her monologue about her program and focused her attention on Sama.

“Radiology. I now work at Grady Memorial as an X-ray technician.” She felt slightly embarrassed that she, a successful healthcare worker, was here at an AA meeting. Surely, someone so knowledgeable about health should know better! However, Crystal’s warm face expressed no judgement.

“Oh no kidding! I have done some research work with Grady over the years- that is so cool!” Sama was quickly developing a growing liking to Crystal.

Just then, Derek clapped his hands and shouted the meeting would resume in a minute. The trio agreed to catch up afterwards and headed back to their seats. The rest of the meeting went predictably- several of the group’s regulars shared updates on their sobriety. There were a few words of encouragement directed at Sama- the group seemed quite friendly, even though the program seemed challenging. However, Sama had already been swayed by Crystal- she would be joining her group.

After the meeting concluded, Sama and Kayleigh both reconnected with Crystal and exchanged phone numbers. They would see each other on Saturday morning.

*001*2022-11-10 15:37

As Sama reached the construction zone near home, she realized that she needed to pee. In the excitement of connecting with Crystal and Kayleigh, she had completely neglected to use the bathroom before leaving Unitas Club. The three ladies had walked out into the parking lot together and Sama had semi-consciously broken her usual habit of taking a precautionary bathroom break before getting into her car. The women had chatted excitedly for five minutes behind Crystal’s minivan before she had finally insisted that she had to get going.

In fact, Sama hadn’t peed since her rushed ten-minute lunch break; her afternoon at work had been unbelievably hectic. One of the x-ray machines had broken down in the morning and the 90-minute repair had set all appointments back.

She had stayed twenty minutes late to get the last waiting patient done and then rushed off to the AA meeting. The last thing she needed was missing the first meeting and her driver’s license getting suspended for six months- just the two weeks without it had been a total bitch.

Sama had arrived at Unitas Club in the nick of time with no chance to relieve herself. Even though she didn’t have to go too badly, she always made it a point to pee before long movies, meetings, and the like. There really wasn’t any reason not to- why suffer in discomfort?

Sama really should have gone to the ladies’ room in the ten-minute coffee break but her mind had focused in on the AA treatment plan and a mild curiosity had arisen about the women’s only group. Even now, behind the wheel of her car in traffic, she was happy she had taken the time to introduce herself to Dr. Crystal McKay. It had been amazing meeting her and Sama expected even more from the relationship going forward.

With her mind on the events of the meeting, Sama had been mindlessly sipping the large water bottle she always kept in her car. The urge to pee had hit her suddenly, seemingly just as she had braked upon reaching the lineup behind the construction zone. For the two days, the afternoon drive home had taken an extra ten minutes due to stopped traffic. Unfortunately, there was really no quick way around the construction zone- going through the extra traffic lights in the busy city center would not save any time.

Sama’s mind switched to her bladder, and she reflected on her liquid intake that day. She had drunk two cups of coffee in the morning, along with some gulps of water and a small glass of grapefruit juice. She had ran off to pee before taking her lunch in the break room. Lunch had been quick- a tuna sandwich with a bowl of corn-potato soup. She had washed it all down with some more gulps of water from her other water bottle- the one she kept at work.

Sama had finished the 1L water bottle as she had worked. It seemed as if all that water, along with the coffee at the AA meeting, was now punishing her bladder. She impatiently tapped free foot as the other pressed down on the brake pedal in crawling traffic. It was crazy that she had been so unaware of her filling bladder until now- she really should not have let herself get so caught up in the excitement back at the meeting!

Sama closed her water bottle firmly. She had done herself no favors continuing to sip water when she had to pee this badly. The tight waistband of her jeans was becoming a nuisance, constricting her full bladder. With a precautionary glance around, Sama pulled her t-shirt out of her jeans and then unbuttoned them. She sighed at the tiny bit of relief the act granted. She pulled down the zipper as far as it would go, revealing the top of her maroon cotton panties.

There was a possibility people could walk past her car on a clear sunny day like this, but it was unlikely they would look inside. Even so, she could always button up again. In any case, there wasn’t anyone around at the moment. At least she didn’t have to concern herself with other drivers. There was only one lane heading south- a car couldn’t pull up next to her. Any passengers in the cars driving past wouldn’t really be able to look over at her long enough to see that she had her pants undone.

She wriggled her butt on the leatherette car seat and inhaled sharply as the car in front of her crept forward for a few seconds, then stopped. “Maybe five minutes to go now.” she thought wishfully to herself. “I can hold it. I’m almost home. I will get to pee soon.”

The brave words of encouragement did little to change reality, though. She needed to pee, and badly at that. If only she had been more focused on her growing bodily need ten minutes ago… She could have stopped at a gas station and prevented this needless suffering.

Truth be told, she had completely forgotten about the construction situation. In her mind, home was only a quick drive away so her full bladder was nothing to worry about. Even if she had to pee, the discomfort was only very temporary. Had she remembered the delays on the drive home, she would have gone back inside the Unitas Club and peed. Or, she would have stopped at that Super Save gas station merely a half-mile behind her…

Sama forced her mind of the stupid circular thoughts. Here she was stuck in traffic thinking about the same what-ifs over and over again. How childish! She was a grown woman who could wait to pee in her toilet at home!

On cue, her bladder pulsed and she grabbed her crotch to help keep her pee in. She definitely did NOT want a wet spot on her pants. She lived in a high-rise building way up on the eleventh floor. Odds were, she would meet someone in the underground parking lot or, God forbid, the elevator.

With traffic stopped, she looked down at the mess that was her crotch. She would somehow need to zip up her pants and maintain her composure until she made it to her condo. Even buttoning up would be tough- forget the walk through the parking lot and ride up the elevator…

The car in front crept forward again. It moved for a bit longer this time before halting. Sama looked around- she estimated she was only 50 meters from the construction area. But, they seemed to be letting only four or five cars through each time so it could be a few more minutes of waiting.

“Arghhhh!” Sama groaned to herself as she braked again. This sucked! Her foot tapped more violently as continued squeezing her womanhood with her free hand, the other smacking the steering wheel. She really loved these jeans- they really showed off her assets well. She had bought them at a Cowboys Denim store in North Dakota three years ago, while on vacation. Despite her recent binge-drinking, she kept in great shape with six workouts a week, so the jeans still fit like a glove.

As traffic moved again, Sama felt her car bump over a pothole. This caused another strong convulsion in her bladder. She barely hung on this time, just managing to ward off her bladder’s attempt to void itself. She might have even leaked a bit- she couldn’t be sure.

Sama gritted her teeth as the flagger flipped her sign from slow to stop just a couple cars down. She would be through in the next batch and then it was only thirty seconds to home. She whistled a quick tune, hoping to distract herself from her intense need to urinate.

“I need to pee, pee, PEE!” she thought to herself. “Gotta peeeeeeeeeeeeee.”

After a long minute, the sign flipped again and Sama slowly released the brake, allowing her car to roll past the flagger, a short blonde woman seemingly in her early-twenties. She gave Sama an odd look. With slow traffic, she could clearly see the attractive Latina driver’s undone jeans and hand tightly gripping her crotch. Sama ignored the look and focused on the road, trying to get home as quickly as possible. An old couple were in the car ahead- they were predictably sticking to the construction zone speed limit.

Finally, she was through the construction zone and the cars sped up. Sama waited patiently to get to her street then turned right, into the alley leading to her parking gate. She frantically hit the door opener before she even reached the rear of her building, hoping the gate would be fully opened by the time she reached it.

No such luck- she had to stop in front of it as it slowly raised. She felt herself squirt into her panties as she twisted her feet and squeezed her legs. She almost drove her car into the bottom of the gate in her haste, just barely clearing the car roof by a couple of inches. She managed to roll into her parking spot, shift into park, and turn off the car without any further water damage to her panties. However, buttoning up was another matter. She stretched out her legs and tried to button up, but almost started wetting herself on the car seat from the added strain on her bladder.

“Oooh… not gonna happen.” She thought to herself as she opened the car door with one hand and still holding her crotch with the other. She was dancing the moment she stepped out of the car. A severe and immediate urge to piss hit her as she stood up, and she barely limited the leak to a squirt. She somehow buttoned her jeans and zipped them back up without drenching them. She desperately shoved her hands into her crotch, knowing she was going to wet herself if she didn’t.

She turned, ignoring a look of shock from a young mom and dad with a three-year-old daughter exiting their car a few stalls away. She finally reached the elevator and smashed the call button repeatedly. It finally opened about thirty seconds later. Once again, she ignored curious stares from a pair of teenaged girls exiting the elevator. As she hobbled in, she realized in horror that the young family was entering behind her.

She moaned helplessly as the little girl happily pressed the 9 button, so it lit up along with Sama’s 11. To add to Sama’s pain, the elevator quickly stopped again after closing and lifting a floor. Four laughing men in their mid-forties got in at the lobby; they were all wearing Falcons jersey and on their way up for a football night with their work buddy.

As the elevator cramped further, the little girl ended up next to Sama, staring curiously up at her. “Hi Miss. Do you need to potty?” She questioned, as the elevator doors closed, and it started moving up again. Sama’s face burned red as the men roared with laughter. The girl’s mom apologized quickly and ushered her child away from her.

The elevator stopped and the men stepped out, taking quick looks back at the beautiful young woman on the verge of wetting her pants. Sama felt herself squirt again as the elevator started upwards again. She danced in place violently as the wet warmth spilled onto her fingertips. Despite her best efforts, she had just made a wet spot on her jeans. Finally, the elevator opened at the ninth floor.

“Have a good day.” The mother spoke quickly as the family hurried out of the elevator. As the doors shut behind them, Sama heard the little girl again.

“Daddy, that pretty lady had to potty.”

Another lurch upwards meant another squirt into poor Sama’s panties. She could feel wetness on the insides of her legs now. She was slowly but surely peeing her jeans. She just managed to regain control as the elevator finally opened at her floor and hobbled out. As luck would have it, Sama’s neighbor, a 5’9 athletic brunette named Kathy, happened to be waiting for the elevator.

“Oh hi Sama- how are…” she stopped speechless as Sama desperately hobbled out of the elevator with tears running down her face. Wordlessly, she turned to the right and hurried down the hall. She had to pee SO badly- she was in excruciating pain. She was embarrassing herself in public. There was undoubtedly a wet spot on her ass and Kathy could see it.

Sama somehow managed to get her door code entered correctly on the first try and rushed into her bathroom trying to ger her tight jeans undone again. She started peeing full-force before she could get her pants down and just barely managed to get turned around and her butt on the toilet seat before the tiled floor got wet.

Crying but relieved at the same time, she pulled her jeans back up her legs to evaluate the mess she had made. Her maroon panties had a giant wet spot them and her pants had obvious wetness down to her knees. She hoped most of it had been caused by her losing full control in front of the toilet just now, but who knew? A bunch of people, including a little girl in diapers, had obviously seen her pissing her pants like she herself was three-years-old. Still crying, Sama stripped off her soiled clothes, flushed the toilet, and stepped into the shower.

*003*2022-11-13 15:23

Saturday morning arrived with sunshine and a nippy chill in the air. After a busy week at work with way too many 6 am alarms, Sama had taken the luxury off deactivating her cell phone alarm last night so she could sleep in. She had been tempted to go out for a couple of drinks but had managed to restrict her fun to watching a couple of Ancient Apocalypse episodes on her sofa. Her sobriety was worth it- she owed herself a decent effort.

Sama had just enough time to down a glass of water on her bedside table; hop into the shower for a quick rinse-off, mouthwash gurgle, and pee; and dress herself in a green t-shirt, purple button-up cardigan sweater, and tan dress pants.

She stopped at the gas station a few blocks from her house to purchase a large cup of java on her way to the meeting. It was being held at a small middle school on the other side of town. Just like Tuesday, Sama reached the meeting just in time, entering the school gym precisely at 10:00 am. She nervously sat down in the middle of the back row. There was a free seat next to Kayleigh at the front, but the back row was definitely preferred today- she was nervous!

There were about a dozen women there. As Derek had, Crystal started by introducing herself and talking about the program. She briefly introduced Kayleigh and Sama as newcomers to the group and they were welcomed warmly as they shared a few words about themselves.

Crystal continued through her list of talking points. Like every week, the participants would be asked to sign a non-disclosure-agreement and a waiver so their data and video footage could be used for research and addiction treatment purposes. Crystal stressed that all attendees were free to leave if they felt uncomfortable at any point (they could also request their footage to be deleted/blurred out). However, early research data had shown a significantly higher sobriety rate compared to traditional AA groups.

Sama nervously smoothed out her pants. There were four cameras with camerawomen behind them. One of them was already rolling- it was focused on Crystal. She clapped her hands together and gestured to the table next to her.

“Here are a couple of forms- please read through them and sign the bottom.”

She grabbed the clipboards with dangling pens and handed them to opposite sides of the front row. Most of the women quickly scribbled their signature, but Sama skimmed the documents before signing. They read as Crystal had promised- a standard NDA and waiver.

“Perfect- thanks Amber!” Crystal exclaimed as she got the clipboards back from the woman seated at a corner of the back row. She had rolled in a TV cart as the clipboards had circulated the room.

“Let’s start as always with a video review of last week. Remember ladies, there are no judgements, only lessons learned.” She turned on the 36” TV and a clip started to play. It began with her introducing herself to about ten women at the same gym and then jumped forward to the women downing some liquid in brown bottles. Sama noticed a few of the women were already finding it difficult to look at the screen.

There was a cut again and the women were now dancing with each other- Sama recognized the Rihanna tune. In a span of a few minutes, they grew visibly sicker- some of them stopped dancing and placed their hands on their tummies or chest. Sama watched in horror as the women began vomiting. They threw up all over the floor, their clothes, even on other ladies around them. The clean and shiny gym floor had quickly deteriorated into a filthy, shocking scene. The video ended with Crystal and camerawomen cleaning the floor together after the meeting had ended.

“OK, that was something! Who wants to start?” Crystal continued to sport an unwavering smile as the horrifying footage stopped. A busty, chestnut-brown haired lady in a tan blouse raised her hand.

“Yes Robin- thanks, go ahead!” Crystal eagerly gestured for her to come up as she sat down in a chair at the front.

Robin stood up and spoke about how terrible it had felt as the sickness had come over her. Then the public humiliation of puking on the floor. The experience was so much more haunting and real when she had been sober. Seeing others having to clean up her mess had filled her with guilt and she apologized to Crystal and the camerawomen. Crystal smiled warmly and quickly assured her it was no matter- this was all a worthwhile endeavor for their sobriety.

One by one, five of the other women stood up and echoed the same sentiments- several of them cried as they reflected on the pain they had caused others by getting so out-of-control drunk. Sama, too, could feel the sorrow welling up in her chest and her eyes watering. She had puked just like that many times- on the dance floor, out in the streets, even in her friend’s car! Luckily, Crystal didn’t ask her, Kayleigh, nor two of the other crying, humiliated women to share.

Crystal rose again after a sobbing Riley sat down and an eerie silence with just crying filled the gym. “OK, that’s it- no one else?” She scanned the room before continuing. “Thank you all so much for sharing your thoughts. While these are shocking and terrible experiences we go through, we do it together. We all support each other on our journeys to sobriety. Please remember that today- remember it each week!”

She spoke solemnly but upliftingly. Once again, Sama felt an overwhelming attraction to her. In addition to being beautiful, she really was an inspiring woman- the kind of electrifying person you only met a few times in a lifetime.

Crystal clapped her hands again. “Today, we will be dealing with another embarrassing drunk bodily function- peeing!"

Crystal paused for effect and was rewarded with a few nervous murmurs echoing around the room. The women could sense what was coming next.

“As always, I will ask you to kindly share, if you wish- it’s totally optional, your stories about how this may have impacted you… in your moment of weakness. To start, I will share my story, then invite one of you brave women up here again…”

Crystal paused to look around the room. As Sama felt her eyes lock in on her for a brief moment, her stomach fluttered with nerves. She feared what was coming next.

*007*2022-11-15 03:39

As instructed, the women drank from their chilled 1-liter water bottles as some of them shared their stories. Crystal was constantly walking around the gym encouraging some of the sippers to chug faster.

Tina had spoken first after some urging from Crystal. She had been on a first date as a college student and drinking heavily. The boy she was with had been more than happy to buy her drink after drink until she was slurring her words and stumbling over her own feet. He had dragged her out of the pub before she realized that she needed the toilet and should visit the ladies room before leaving.

Her need to pee had multiplied quickly and she had no choice but to tell him she was going to use the alley before she soaked her skirt. The good-for-nothing prick had promised to keep his back to her and block her from view, but he had turned around the moment her pee had started splattering on the pavement. He had laughed hysterically at her and surely told his buddies about his desperate date who couldn’t hold her pee for a twenty-minute walk home. He had tried to come up to her dorm room but she had luckily sobered up enough to yell and get him to fuck off before she opened the building door.

The women applauded and spoke words of support for her. Robin arose next. She talked about how she had completely humiliated herself at her 22nd birthday party. It was her first year living away from her parents and it had been a total disaster. She had quickly gotten into drinking and that birthday party was the absolute low point. She had invited twenty-two of her friends over, but, in reality, about thirty-five people had shown up. The four-bedroom house she was renting with three other girls was packed, to the point that about ten people were just hanging out in the backyard.

Predictably, the guests had brought over liquor and after six birthday shots, a glass of white wine, and two beers, Robin had passed out sitting on her own couch. It wasn’t long before the booze needed to be peed out and she was in no shape to make it to the washroom, so she had wet her jeans right there in the middle of her own birthday party.

Some of the insensitive people at the party had circulated photos of her in pissed jeans. Some of her friends and housemates had apologized for not helping her out- they had also been really drunk and had decided she would be fine on the couch. Robin didn’t really blame them- if they had taken her to bed, she would have just peed that instead. After the incident, she had tried to slow down her drinking for a few weeks then decided she needed a firmer approach than that. She had now been attending AA meetings for over two years and sober for the last twenty months.

There was applause again and Kayleigh quickly stood up. Everyone seemed to be getting more comfortable with this embarrassing, taboo topic.

Sama thought about how she had wet herself just a few days ago despite not even being drunk. There was no way she could share that story, but there had been plenty of other drunk instances. She definitely didn’t have the strongest bladder, which was why her pee habits were as they were.

Kayleigh seemed more embarrassed than the first two women, but she willed herself to share. “Well, this was a long time ago so, yeah. Me and my besties were going to this pricey club so we got hammered before we went out. We all peed before leaving home, but still the cab ride took forever then there was the lineup outside…”

“Anyway, me and Les really had to go. Shauna and Fran were kind of OK. We begged for a while and finally the bouncer let us in. We headed straight for the toilets but there was a lineup there too. I was holding on for about five minutes but then this other friend saw me dancing around with my hand in my crotch- her name’s Julie. She’s a real troll type and we hadn’t seen each other in a while so she ran up and tickled me. I laughed and peed my dress before she stopped and ran off. Anyway, no one really cared too much- I wiped my legs off with t.p. and went out to dance even though I smelled like pee and the back of my dress was a bit wet. There were a few other times too, just like that pretty much- before I got help and sobered up.”

As Sama applauded along, she noticed Crystal eyeing her. Kayleigh, a newcomer, had just shared while she hadn’t really said anything other than a quick introduction. Sama reluctantly stood up, earning an encouraging smile from the meeting host.

Standing up made her realize that her bladder was already quite full. She had drunk a bit over half of her bottle, but the water and coffee from this morning was also making its way through her body. She strode up to the front to address the small crowd. She blushed as she scanned the friendly faces looking back at her, questioning why she had gotten up. This was going to be embarrassing.

“About a month ago, I was drinking alone at home. I didn’t realize that I was almost out of wine. Anyway, against my better judgement… I got in my car and started driving.”

The quiet hush in the room was interrupted by a few gasps. Crystal quickly interjected. “Remember ladies, no judgements here. We are all here because we want to improve on who we were in the past.”

Sama continued. “I got to the liquor store ok and got a few bottles like usual. There had been some traffic and I had been drinking... so I had to pee. I asked the cashier, but he said there was no toilet for customers.”

Her mind drifted back to her bladder in its present state. Her need to pee seemed to be multiplying by the minute. She wriggled her legs as she continued.

“Anyway, I figured I could hold it. It was only a fifteen-minute drive back even with traffic, twenty tops. So I grabbed my booze and got into my car again.”

She gulped- this was where it got messy. “As luck would have it, there was a cop hanging around the parking lot- I guess a lot of drunks drive to the liquor store hammered. She saw me start my car and knocked on my window.”

“I did the breathalyzer test and I was way over so she pulled me out of the car. I stood there waiting for like ten minutes while she filled out the report and called for a tow. I had to pee more and more badly. Finally, the tow truck got there and the backup. He handcuffed me and put me in the car even though I told him I was about to wet my pants.”

Sama found it hard to face her audience. The women’s eyes were glued to her and they all wore shocked expressions. Sama’s voice broke as she fought back tears.

“I-I just couldn’t hold it all the way to the police station. I leaked a few times in my sweatpants. And then when he finally opened the door and pulled me out of the backseat, I totally pissed myself walking from the car to the door. They told me they would get me some clean clothes but I sat in the drunk tank with some other women in my wet pants for almost an hour before anyone showed up. It was the worst night of my life.”

Crystal quickly broke the uncomfortable silence that followed. “And that’s why you’re here! And why we’re here to help you!”

She started clapping and the other ladies followed suit. With a wan smile, Sama walked back to her seat and picked up her water bottle- she felt like some of the weight of her difficult recent past had just been lifted off her shoulders.

*009*2022-11-18 16:44

Sama clutched her crotch desperately as she danced with Kayleigh. Yet another girl had just surrendered to the demands of her bladder- Teri quickly lifted up her black skirt and pulled down her pantyhose and panties to squat in the middle of the gym. Wearing a blushed, humiliated face, she started peeing immediately, obviously very desperate and eager to get the deed done as quickly as possible. On cue, Crystal was behind her, watching her urinate with chastity device and water bottle in hand.

Despite their own desperate states, several women had turned to watch Teri pee, Sama included. Teri was quite attractive- a single mom in her mid-thirties. The pale redhead kept in pretty good shape despite her busy schedule. She rose after a couple of quick twerks to shake off the last drops of her pee, pulling up her undergarments as she did so. Crystal handed her the 350ml water bottle, instructing her to drink up immediately. Then, she knelt and held out the scary-looking chastity belt and asked Teri to step into it. After a bit of adjusting and struggling, Crystal had the bulky device locked in place over Teri's pantyhose- the skirt barely made it back over the leather and metal sex toy.

The women were dancing in a giant circle of towels that were keeping their pee inside a designated wet area- the “dance floor”. It was all wet already- pee splashed around as they danced, or rather shifted uncomfortably trying not to piss themselves. The unmistakable smell of urine certainly didn’t help matters and seeing another gal pee did nothing for one’s own battle.

Over half of the ladies had squatted on the gym floor to relieve themselves already, and now wore chastity belts as punishment. Most of women were wearing pants today, including Sama- there was no hiding the wetness there. However, Sama suspected that peeing with a belt on would not go well with a skirt either. The woman's pee would probably spray all over, surely wetting her skirt, perhaps even her shirt.

Four of the women had also finished the additional water bottle- they were clearly in the worst shape of the lot. If they didn't hang on the remaining hour, they would pee their pants and drive home sitting on one of the plastic covers Crystal had thoughtfully brought to the meeting. Sama found it fascinating that any girl here would wet herself over simply leaving the meeting. That was the beauty of all of this- it tested your dedication well beyond breaking point. Everyone here was suffering, but learning valuable life lessons and kicking alcoholism's butt to boot. It was amazing, almost unbelievable!

Sama felt herself squirt into her panties- she was about to pee her pants. She quickly undid her belt, dancing desperately to prevent a second squirt. She finally had her tan dress pants undone and lowered them, along with her slightly wet white panties, just below her bubbly butt- she had to be careful not let her pants contact the soiled floor. In a slight squat, she relaxed her strained bladder and peed on the wet rubber floor. She could feel eyes on her, but she focused on the basketball hoop thirty feet away. It felt so good to finally pee!

Mid-relief, Crystal obstructed her view of the basketball hoop- the ladies looked into each other's eyes. For some reason, Sama felt turned on knowing Crystal was watching her urinate. It was so naughty- doing this humiliating deed in public, just a few feet away from an attractive, smart woman. Sama finally finished peeing with a deep sigh and pulled her pants up.

"Feel better?" Crystal asked with a smile as she handed her a water bottle. Sama opened it and took a sip as she felt the cold, heavy chastity device around her crotch. Crystal fiddled with it for longer this time- Sama, being Latina, was truly blessed with wide hips and a big ass. Sama felt Crystal’s breast graze her leg as she worked- she was hopelessly turned on. Her mind drifted back to the moving story Crystal had shared- her abusive boyfriend beating her in public for getting drunk and then laughing at her after she had wet herself in fear. It had been truly incredible that this brave, strong woman had used that inspiration to help other females- in such an unreal way, too!

Just as Sama’s belt was securely in place over her pants, Robin and Lindsay squatted, almost simultaneously, on opposite sides of the makeshift dance floor. Kayleigh, clutching herself as she shifted from foot to foot in front of Sama, was now one of the last three women who hadn’t peed yet. Despite having exposed herself to everyone a minute ago, Sama felt proud that she had been able to hold on for this long. She had always felt that she went to the washroom too often, and peed her pants sometimes, too. She hoped it wouldn’t happen today- the big clock read 11:05. There were 55 minutes to go.

Ten minutes later, Kayleigh finally caved, leaving only Daphne, a 5’10 blonde with an obviously large bladder as the sole survivor. While she was holding her crotch, a couple of the petite women were clearly more desperate. Sama was half-hoping that one of them, Tina or Josephine, would just quit the exercise- it would make it easier for her to walk away too.

As instructed, she had finished her water bottle within five minutes and tossed the empty container outside the toweled area. Not even fifteen minutes since peeing, Sama could already feel her bladder filling up again. She knew from experience that it wouldn’t be long before she was totally bursting to pee again- maybe twenty minutes, thirty tops. For at least the fifth time that day, her eyes met Crystal’s- it was clear there was a growing mutual interest between the two beautiful women.

*012*2022-12-09 14:56

Tina stopped dancing on the spot and gasped. A humiliating wetness spread down the front of her jeans and, to add to her embarrassment, droplets of pee deflected off the unforgiving chastity belt and sprayed everywhere. A couple of ladies took a step back as they observed the very desperate petite blonde soak her pants.

Josephine, a brunette of nearly equal height and weight, bolted out of the toweled circle to dance helplessly in front of Crystal. Clutching her chastity belt, she begged to be released from the locked device. Crystal obliged, inserting her master key into the keyhole in front of Josephine’s crotch and turning it. It was a pointless venture. As the device slid to her feet, Josephine peed her skirt. A waterfall of pee flowed through the twenty-three year old’s bright orange panties, soaking the chastity belt at her feet. Outside the toweled area, Josephine’s pee was free to flow far and wide on the gym floor.

As Tina and Josephine finished wetting themselves, crying through a mix of shame and relief, Daphne finally lowered her dress pants and panties to squat on the floor. A few of the belted women were too desperate to watch the beautiful, big-bladdered redhead relieve herself, but the others, including Sama, took advantage of the opportunity to see the ocean of pee flowing out from a thick red bush and splattering on the wet floor.

Sama had grown really desperate, really quickly since peeing thirty-five minutes ago. She doubted she could last the half-hour plus to relief. As Daphne pulled up her pants and permitted Crystal to lock in the final chastity belt of the morning, Sama watched a defeated pair of wet women, Tina and Josephine, seat themselves on plastic chairs outside the toweled circle. The back of Tina’s jeans were absolutely drenched- her accident was obvious now that Crystal had removed the chastity belt. Sama wriggled desperately, knowing her own tan pants would look like that if she failed to hold her pee.

Surprisingly, no other woman asked Crystal for an unlocking. In pretty much the same order as they had squatted, Amber, Carissa, Pauline, Rhiannon, Brenda, Ashley, and Teri all accepted their ill fates and pissed themselves over the next twenty-five minutes. Yet again, Sama was surprised by the women’s dedication to the program- there was no way she would be the second woman, after Josephine, to request to be unlocked. Shockingly, it was less embarrassing to soak her light tan pants.

With ten minutes to go, Sama was holding on through sheer will alone. She had her hands pressed up against the belt, like all the desperate women around her. The pressing did next to nothing- there was very little direct pressure on Sama’s pussy. Instead, the sharp edges of the device dug painfully into her inner legs/hips joints.

Sama felt herself squirt. Desperately, she rocked her hips back and forth, trying to regain control and prevent a full-fledged accident. The large gym clock read 11:51. “Only 9 minutes to go… only 9 minutes to go!” She whispered fiercely to herself, trying to pull her tired body across the finish line.

“Oh no!” Justine yelped a few away from Sama as she started wetting her panties. Thoughtfully, she lifted her short skirt up to save it from the wild pee stream. As she peed into her white cotton panties, her pee flowed out through her chastity belt. Sama enjoyed the clear view of the young Asian woman’s accident briefly, but quickly diverted her eyes as she almost started wetting her own panties. Another squirt escaped- her panties were slowly but surely getting wetter.

Robin and Emilia were not so lucky. They also started peeing their pants. Despite her attempts to focus on her own bladder, Sama noticed the accidents- the women’s moans of relief were sheer torture. There were only six minutes left- she had to hang on, somehow.

After a few more squirts, Sama could feel the wetness on her crotch, even if it was hard to see anything through the chastity device. Knowing that her pants were already soiled made it that much harder to hold it. What was the point if they were soiled already? Surprisingly, Lindsay and three other women had also wet themselves as Sama valiantly hung on. She had no idea how she was still holding on, in so much pain and squirting every minute or so. Her bladder was at its absolute limits and was merely seconds away from a total lapse.

There were two minutes left- she could do this. Crystal, working quickly, had managed to get the entire group of wet women unlocked and out of the flooded circle. Only Daphne, Sama, and Kayleigh remained, and they all seemed to be moments away from the same doomed wet fate.

Sama slowly hobbled to the edge of the circle closest to Crystal. If she made it to the end, she wanted to be unlocked first. How she would get to a toilet, she had no idea. No, she was well beyond embarrassment now- she would simply pull her pants down again and pee in front of all of her female admirers.

Only a few feet from each other now, Crystal gazed at her intently- Sama could tell she was pushing her to hang on, but unwavering in her duty. She would not unlock her until this final revolution of the seconds hand of the gym clock was complete.

In tears, Sama splashed about trying to hold on just thirty more seconds. With all the squirting, her pants were wet down to her mid thighs. Behind her, Kayleigh moaned- she had lost the battle with merely seconds to go. Sama dared not turn around to admire the accident- every ounce of energy was needed to keep her urine inside her tortured body.

Finally, time was up- it was noon. Crystal stepped forward, key in hand. It was too late. As she inserted the key and turned it, Sama lost control. She sighed in frustration, hands on her hips as Crystal pulled the belt down to unveil a huge accident. Sama was completely drenching her tan pants Crystal paused a moment to observe the giant accident before dutifully freeing a dancing Daphne.

Daphne had a quarter-sized wet spot on her navy-blue dress pants, but managed to hold on just long enough to pull down her pants and panties to her knees, squat, and release a long-held flood on the wet floor. She peed long after Sama had finished wetting herself with a blissful moan. The woman’s bladder was truly incredible.

As Daphne pulled her pants up, Sama thanked the ladies for coming, promising that they would review the recording next meeting. She invited them all to take a seat protector with them- they were piled up on the table at the front.

As the other women carefully excited the gym, looking out for any Peeping Toms who might see them in their wet clothes, Sama remained standing next to Crystal. Understanding, Crystal led her away to a quiet corner away from her staff, who had now left their cameras to begin mopping up the gym floor.

“How was it?” She whispered to Sama as they came to a stop.

“Amazing.” Sama smiled at her and ran her hand over her soaked pants.

Crystal stepped back to admire the drenched pants, now dark brown from wetness. She reached into Sama’s crotch to lightly rub her fingers over her clothed but wet pussy. Sama gasped and undid her pants- Crystal eagerly pulled them down, revealing white panties, now wet and transparent. Once again, Crystal reached in for a slow, intimate stroke. Sama moaned quietly and spread her legs, inviting the doctor to rub harder, but Crystal stopped.

“Soon- be patient.” She whispered to Sama as she pulled her pants back up. She walked away to grab a seat protector, leaving Sama to button up. Crystal handed Sama yet another water bottle and opened her own as they walked to Crystal’s car. They would get to know each other better in Crystal’s home.

Thanks for the kind words everyone- I really enjoyed writing this!

