The waitress who always holds (No time for a break)

Author: Frooger

*000*2025-05-18 19:09

(I started a new thread because the text in the old one was black, and I wasn't able to edit it.)

The first part is a short story from the old minute-holding board.

I liked it so much that I wrote a continuation of it:

Part 1 (the original)

"Okay! Five waters and a pitcher of beer. I'll be right back will all that!"

Jen finished taking her customer's order and walked back to the kitchen as quickly as her aching feet would allow in her 5 inch pumps. She began to fill up five glasses of water with one hand and shoved the other hand deep into her crotch to try and contain the ocean brewing inside of her. Ever since she started working at her husband's diner, he has always had one rule. It doesn't matter if you're working a 4 hour shift or a 24 hour shift, you can only pee when you're off the clock. Needless to say, the other waitresses hated that rule! Eventually all of them got too fed up with this rule and quit. Everyone except his loyal wife Jen that is. She stuck with him working as the only waitress until he can get some more staff so she can finally take a break. He said it would only take about a day. That was over 6 days ago, and Jen has yet sit down, let alone pee in that time.

Jen pulls her high heels off and stands barefoot on the cool tile. She softly massages her bulging, aching bladder and let's out a soft moan. She leans against a wall and closes her eyes as exhaustion takes over her body. Then all of a sudden she becomes acutely aware of her throbbing bladder! She sprints as fast as she can to the toilet right through the dining room, dripping pee as she goes. She slams open the bathroom door and throws open the lid to the toilet. She groans as she sits for the first time in days onto the cold seat, and she let's go of a massive load of pee from her enormous distended bladder that fills the toilet in seconds. As it begins to overflow with her golden liquid, she doesn't care, and she lays her head back in sighs until-

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING JEN?!"

Jen is startled awake. She hears the characteristic sound of pee drops hitting tile floor and quickly shoves her hands back into her crotch to try and stem the flow before a full on torrent is released.

"I cannot believe you think it would be acceptable to pee on shift! And in the kitchen! And why are your shoes off?! And don't give me that, 'My feet hurt, my shoes are too small, I've been on my feet for 6 days' bull shit again! If the health inspector came in today we would get destroyed!"

Jen starts to shake the fog from her head and realizes that her relief was but a dream, and she was thrown back into her nightmare. Having regained control of her bladder, she wearily shoves her swollen feet back into her heels.

"I-I'm sorry honey! I just shut my eyes for a second and I guess I just lost control! It's been almost a week now and I'm just so tired....can't we just close for an hour or two so I can get off these feet and sleep a little...maybe even take a little pee break?"

"I understand, but that's no excuse. You know I can't let you take a break. The exhaustion makes you sharper, and you'll work faster when you need to pee! You don't NEED breaks Jen! It's all in your head!"

Disappointed, Jen doubles over holding her bladder as another massive wave of desperation begins to run through her body again. Her husband comes over.

"Here baby, shut your eyes."

He gently lifts up on her bowling ball sized bladder and takes the pressure off of her peehole. He softly massages it in his hands, and the relief from that nearly makes Jen lose her load right there. She once again drifts off, until all of a sudden, her husband drops her bladder right back down. Jen nearly collapses from the pain and pressure returning so suddenly.

"That's enough of a break Jen! We just got a party of 30! Get back out and wait on these tables!"

She slowly recovers, "Y-yes, I will get right back out there! That was plenty of time to rest for me! I can easily go another few days now! B-but when do you think you'll be able to hire another waitress, you j-just in case?"

"I don't know Jen, I'll get around to it eventually! I'm a busy man! I'll see about getting some applications in here in the next few weeks. But you said it yourself, you should be good to go now right?"

"Y-yes dear. Like you said, I don't need to take breaks..." Jen says as she rubs her bladder and hobbles back out to greet the new party.

My parts:

After a couple of hours, Jen's husband called her into the kitchen.

“Your bladder looks so swollen—you look like you're pregnant. We need to do something about that.”

Finally, I'm going to pee, Jen thought.

“And you can't be wearing that pee-stained skirt anymore,” he added. “So I went home and brought you some clean clothes. If you could hurry up and change into them?”

He handed her a bag.

“W-what? You went home? Why couldn’t I go instead—so I could finally pee?” Jen asked.

“Don’t be silly. You were needed here to serve the customers. Now, hurry and change,” her husband replied.

“Yes, dear. I’ll be quick,” Jen said, opening the bag. Her eyes widened when she saw what was inside. She pulled out a pair of light blue jeans.

“You brought jeans? And my tightest ones, too?” she said in disbelief.

“Yes. I figured since they’re high-waisted, they’ll help compress and hide your swollen bladder. Now hurry and put them on. I even brought you some wet wipes so you can clean up a little,” he explained.

“Thank you,” Jen said quietly, her head hanging. Her dream of finally emptying her bladder was crushed. She took off her skirt and heels, then started wiping down her legs and crotch with the wet wipes. She even tried to massage her aching feet a little.

“Did you bring any underwear?” she asked.

“Sorry, I didn’t think of that. But do you really need any under jeans?” her husband said.

“No, you’re right. I don’t need them with jeans,” she replied.

She began pulling up the jeans, wiggling them over her thighs and hips. But there was no way she could close them—her bladder had grown too much, and the jeans were already too small to begin with.

“Honey, I can’t close them,” she said.

“Nonsense. I’ll help you. Lay down on the floor,” he instructed.

Jen lay down, and he stood over her, telling her to suck in her stomach and bladder and press the sides of the fly together. She sucked in as much as she could, then pressed hard on her abdomen and yanked the zipper up.

When his hand hit her bladder, Jen saw stars from the pain. She was certain she would wet herself right there on the kitchen floor, but somehow she managed to stay dry.

He helped her up from the floor.

“Now put on the clean shirt,” he said, pulling a white shirt from the bag and handing it to her.

Jen quickly cleaned under her arms with the wet wipes and put on the new shirt.

“Tie a knot in the front to crop it a bit. It’ll show off your nice, jeans-clad butt,” he said.

Jen did as she was told.

“I also brought you a new pair of shoes,” he added.

Jen’s face dropped when she saw them—her most painful shoes: a pair of black 6-inch pumps that were two sizes too small.

“It’s okay… I can just wear the old ones,” Jen said nervously.

“Don’t be silly. It’ll be good for your feet to switch shoes after wearing them for so long,” he replied.

“Then you’ll have to help me put them on. My jeans are too tight for me to bend down,” Jen said.

He lifted her leg and forced her foot into the torturous shoe. Jen let out a small scream as her foot slid into the too-small, too-high heel. Pain radiated from her toes all the way to her bladder, sending sharp cramps through her abdomen.

“My god, how sexy you look now,” he said.

Jen looked at herself in the mirror and, despite not having had rest or relief in over six days, she had to admit she did look stunning in the too-tight jeans and 6-inch heels. For a brief moment, she even forgot how exhausted and desperate she was.

“Jen, you need to hurry. There are thirsty customers waiting,” he reminded her.

“O-of course,” Jen replied, nearly limping from the heels. Every step sent stinging pain from her aching toes up into her overfilled bladder.

“Have you thought more about hiring extra staff?” she asked.

“No, I haven’t had time. We’ve been open 24/7, but I think things will slow down after Oktoberfest is over,” he said.

“B-but that’s almost two weeks away. I can’t stay awake or hold my pee for that long,” Jen said, tears welling in her eyes.

“Of course you can. You’re a strong, strong woman who doesn’t need ordinary things like rest or bathroom breaks,” he told her, pulling her into a tight hug—adding more pressure to her already tortured bladder. “And remember, you’re wearing very light-colored jeans now. Even the tiniest leak will show.”

“You’re right… You know me so well. What’s two more weeks? I can easily make it a month,” Jen said, smiling.

“That’s the spirit! Now go out and serve the customers,” he said, watching her tight butt wiggle as she hobbled toward the door in her heels as fast as she could manage.

*001*2025-05-18 19:27

Ten more days had passed, and Jen was now like a zombie as she moved around serving customers. She still hadn't had any breaks, which meant she had now been awake for 16 days—with 16 days’ worth of urine in her bladder. Jen could no longer speak; the pain in her bladder was too immense. All of her thoughts and strength were focused on staying dry and not peeing. Her bladder was now so huge she looked like she was pregnant with triplets!

Several days earlier, her husband had put a tight belt around her jeans to prevent the button from popping. Her feet were now like raw meat, having been crammed into too-small, too-pointed, and too-high heels for so long—but Jen was actually glad they had gone numb. She hadn’t felt them in days.

Some customers thought she was pregnant and said, “You shouldn't be working in your condition. You look like you could pop at any moment!”

Some of the regulars laughed and replied, “You couldn’t be closer to the truth! But it’s not babies trying to come out of her—it’s piss. But she loves every minute of holding it, don’t you, luv?” one said, smacking Jen’s tight-jeaned ass.

Jen couldn’t answer, but the smack made her poor bladder cramp. She had to stand still and try to regain control.

She had stopped hoping for a bathroom break or to take off her shoes days ago. She had accepted, in her mind, that this was forever.

One of the most painful things was everything she had to drink. Many customers bought her beer and other beverages, and her husband had told her it was very rude to refuse. So, she drank them all.

As the days passed, more and more people heard about the super-hot barmaid who never peed and worked 24/7 nonstop. Many customers came just to see Jen—and to buy her more drinks.

Business at the bar was booming. They set new sales records every day, and Jen’s husband attributed their success to his sexy but utterly exhausted, bursting wife. He gave her lots of compliments daily. During the first two weeks, Jen had asked often if she could have a small break, but he always told her no. Now, she had stopped asking altogether (in fact, she had stopped talking due to the pain), and he was very pleased about that.

More days passed, and many more liters of beer for Jen. Her husband realized the bar was doing so well that they needed more waitresses. He started conducting interviews.

During one interview, a customer came banging on the office door, yelling that Jen had collapsed on the floor! Her husband rushed out and found her unconscious. It had been 23 days since she last slept—her body had shut down.

He carried her into his office, laid her on the couch, and let her sleep.

Jen slept for 18 hours straight. When she finally woke up, she felt the worst pain she had ever experienced. It took her a few seconds to realize it was coming from her bladder. She jumped up, ready to run to the bathroom—only to discover she was still wearing her jeans and high heels. To her horror, both had been padlocked onto her.

She hobbled out of the office, the numbness in her feet now gone. Every step brought searing pain.

When her husband saw her, he rushed over smiling.

“So great to see you up again! You had us worried for a while,” he said, hugging her.

“What is this?” Jen asked, pointing at the padlocks.

“Come with me, I’ll explain,” he said, and led her to the staff locker room.

“I locked your shoes on so you wouldn’t kick them off in your sleep. Your feet are probably so swollen, you wouldn’t be able to get them back on. And the padlock on your jeans is to stop you from using the bathroom before I could talk to you.”

“What?” Jen replied in shock.

“Jen, you’re the star of the bar! People are coming from everywhere to see ‘The Barmaid Who Doesn’t Pee!’”

“But I have to pee now! It’s been 25 days! I can’t hold it anymore!” Jen cried.

“No, no, it’s all in your head. You don’t ever have to pee again. Your bladder is making us rich,” her husband said, grabbing her crotch.

“Ohhh…” was all Jen could say.

“You like that, huh? You must be so horny now,” he said, unlocking her jeans.

He started unbuttoning the waistband, but her swollen bladder made it difficult. He had to press and dig into it to open the button.

“No, no—oh no,” Jen whimpered.

When the button popped open, he unzipped her jeans. Her stomach and bladder bulged out immediately.

He then unzipped his own jeans and took out his very erect cock, he kissed Jen and pressed her up against the locker room wall and fucked her.

The pain in Jen’s bladder was almost unbearable—worse than anything she’d felt before—but at the same time, it was the most intense pleasure she’d known. They climaxed together, and Jen collapsed to the floor, moaning.

“Damn, that was good—the best fuck we’ve ever had!” he said. “Felt like you loved it too?”

“Oh yes—best sex ever! I’ll never pee again as long as you keep doing that,” Jen nearly screamed.

“That’s a deal,” he smiled. “Now let’s get you ready for work—the customers are waiting.”

“You need a shower—you reek of beer and sweat.”

He removed her shoes and jeans. Even barefoot, Jen’s feet remained arched as if still in heels. Her toes were crammed together, bunions forming, and several blisters covered her feet.

“Let’s be quick so they don’t swell too much,” he said, helping her into the shower and showering with her.

Jen stood on her tiptoes, unable to flatten her feet. The warm water felt incredible—but the second it hit her belly, her bladder cramped again. She nearly collapsed, but he held her up. She clenched her teeth and stayed dry.

After the shower, he dried her off and handed her a new pair of tight mid-blue ripped jeans. They were the same too-small size. There was no way she could get them on by herself. So she lay down on the floor while her husband sat on top of her, pressing down on her stomach. Jen held the sides of the fly together as he yanked the zipper up with a pair of pliers. She didn’t know how she managed to stay dry through it all, but somehow she did. Then he fastened a belt around her waist, tightened it firmly, and helped her to her feet.

“Next time, we’ll need help to get them on,” he laughed.

He handed her a shoebox: white pointed pumps with 6-inch heels—again, two sizes too small.

“I can’t put them on myself,” Jen said.

He helped her into them. Her toes were crushed, the blisters screamed, but she endured.

“I feel like a little girl, needing help getting dressed,” she said, laughing weakly.

Her bladder stuck out visibly over the jeans’ waistband.

“Almost forgot,” he said, bringing a large corset. He strapped it on and tightened it. Her breasts swelled, her waist shrank, and the pain form the pressure on her bladder made Jen faint.

He closed and locked the corset before waking Jen up.

“How do you feel?” he asked.

“Oh my god… it’s so painful. My body is stiff, and my bladder is in agony… but otherwise? I feel great,” she laughed.

They walked back into the bar. Jen stumbled slightly in the painful heels.

“Okay, back to work,” her husband said. “You’ll get a break in a week. Then, you’ll get a few hours of sleep, get fucked, shower, and have fresh clothes. How’s that sound?”

“No peeing?” she asked.

“Absolutely not. You don’t need to pee ever again.”

“That’s right,” she said. “My poor bladder tries to tell me otherwise… but I’m so looking forward to that fuck.”

“Me too. In the meantime,” he added, grabbing the butt of one of the other waitresses.

She smiled.

All the waitresses now wore tight jeans and heels—the new uniform. It was what Jen’s husband loved.

Jen didn’t mind that her husband had others to sleep with when she couldn’t—she worked 24/7, six days a week.

Jen stepped onto the bar floor. The music stopped, and the crowd erupted in cheers.

“The Barmaid Who Never Pees” was back.

So many people wanted to buy her a beer, she lost count. But she felt it—all of it—settling into her massive bladder.

Jen whispered to it: “You will never be empty again. I will win.”

*002*2025-05-18 19:38

(Brand new part)

Jen stood at the bar, barely able to breathe. The tight corset pressed into her ribs and her bladder so mercilessly that each breath was shallow and tight. Her new jeans creaked at the seams with every motion, and the six-inch white pumps clicked like delicate weapons against the floor. Her hair was freshly brushed, her lips painted bright, and her skin scrubbed raw. She looked immaculate. She felt like a time bomb.

The bar was already packed. Word had spread beyond the town—people from across the country were arriving just to catch a glimpse of "The Girl Who Never Peed." Some came in disbelief, others with obsession. Some came to worship, others to test her limits.

Behind the counter, Jen poured drinks with trembling hands. Her bladder throbbed with such force it felt like a second heartbeat. The pressure never left her—it had become her identity.

One of the new waitresses—tall, blonde, with heavy eye makeup and a faintly dazed look—stumbled past Jen on dangerously tall stilettos. She was still new to this, her bladder only three days full. Jen glanced down and saw the girl discreetly pressing her thighs together. Amateur.

Her husband walked by and gave the girl’s ass a firm smack.

“Better hold it tighter, Kayla,” he said, “Can’t have another leak on shift. Last one cost us cleaning fees.”

Kayla whimpered but nodded. Jen didn’t know if the girl would last the week.

As for herself. It had been twenty-five days since her last pee. Her bladder had swollen so grotesquely it now pressed visibly past the corset’s bottom edge. Customers took selfies next to it, awed and delighted by the living freakshow.

A man leaned across the bar and whispered, “Can I touch it?”

Jen blinked. Her husband was beside her before she could answer.

“$500,” he said casually, and the man eagerly handed over the bills.

Jen was forced to lean back as the stranger reached over and gently touched her swollen bladder. She clenched every internal muscle with inhuman strength, a single drop from exploding everything. His fingers brushed against her, and she gasped sharply.

“Still dry,” her husband grinned. “She’s a miracle.”

The stranger gave her a wink. “You should be in a museum.”

“I am,” Jen whispered hoarsely.

Later that night

Jen was helped into the back office. Her legs were shaking. Her husband caught her just before she collapsed.

“Still want that break in a week?” he teased.

Jen didn’t answer. Her voice had mostly left her. He picked her up and sat her down gingerly on the padded chair behind his desk. Her bladder visibly bulged between the corset and the waistband.

Jen didn’t answer. Her voice had mostly left her. She just nodded.

But then he whispered, “No bathroom, my love.”

Jen moaned softly. “I know.”

"Sales are up 28% today, just because of you" he smiled

Jen turned her head toward him.

“Will you… ever let me pee again?” she whispered, barely audible.

He kissed her forehead. "No" he laughed.

Outside, the line for the bar was already forming- Some brought signs. Others brought drinks. But most just came to see the girl who never peed, the one with jeans so tight her pain became art, her bladder a national treasure, and her silence the loudest proof of devotion.

And Jen? She was feeling the ache, the pulse, the fullness. She knew she wouldn’t pee tomorrow. Or the day after.

Maybe not ever. And somehow, deep inside, that made her smile.

