Kayla and Noah— Trying New Things.

Author: FijiWater_Pls

*000*2018-12-29 03:18

Hey guys this is my first story here! I hope you all like it ☺️! Just a disclaimer that there is pretty graphic details of sex in the story, so if you’re not into it I don’t suggest reading it! I haven’t noticed to many stories involving the details of a sexual omo experience so I thought I’d give it a try writing one haha! Let me know how you like it, I hope it’s okay for my first story!! Feel free to give me feedback or suggestions on how the story should progress ☺️

I’ll be posting new chapters every so often so make sure you check for updates! Scroll past the first couple paragraphs if you’re not much for the introductory parts haha.

###

Chapter One

Kayla and Noah had been dating for over a year now, and in that year they had both experienced a lot of each other's...habits. Kayla was 18 going on 19 and Noah was a bit older at 20 years old.

Noah was a bit chubby, but it was a comfy, cute, and strong kind of chubby. He had a scruffy little beard, nice wavy hair, brown eyes, and a really nice pair of hands— you could tell he was always working on something. Noah’s go to outfit was a pair of joggers and a band tee shirt, oh and he never forgot a nice beanie hat to complete his look.

Kayla was a bit chubby as well, but most of her chubbiness was carried in her butt and thighs. She had beautiful brown, thick, wavy hair that was about shoulder length. Her eyes were blue and filled with life, and she always had a smile on her face; her lips were the perfect frame for her amazing teeth. She loved to wear a light pair of ripped blue jeans and loose tee shirts (always without a bra because they were uncomfortable), and, on occasion, a loose hoodie when it was cold. Even though her hair was gorgeous, she’d often wear it in a messy bun—she wasn’t the type of girl to go out of her way to do unnecessary things like doing her hair.

Noah and Kayla were the perfect nerdy couple. They both loved video games, movies, art, and pizza. They practically lived together they spent so much time hanging out, and seeing each other that much made them extremely comfortable together. Kayla would get spaghetti sauce all over her face when they ate pasta and Noah would just laugh and wipe it off, they would both even have burping contests they were so comfortable with each other.

But, eventually things started getting a little too comfortable.

After the first few months of dating Kayla and Noah starting staying the night together. Cuddling in bed while they slept was one of their favorite things to do. One night they had been doing just that. Kayla was nestled in the arms of Noah, curled up and cozy. She was wiggling a bit and Noah noticed and began to open his eyes and wake up.

“Kayla, babe?” said Noah in his sleepy voice, tapping Kayla on the shoulder.

“Huh?” Kayla said, almost trying to avoid the conversation—not even looking back at Noah.

“You’re moving around a bit. Is everything okay,”

“Huh? Oh yeah, I’m fine. Sorry, just… I was having a bad dream,”

“Okay baby, well you better stop squirming like that. Your ass is right on my dick and it’s making me a little too happy and I need to get some rest,” he knew he was lying by saying he needed rest.

“Sorry babe, I’ll stop, if that’s what you want” she said with a giggle and scooted further away from Noah.

“Wellll maybe I was exaggerating a litllle. I don’t really need eight hours of sleep,” he said grabbing Kayla’s stomach and pulling her back towards him.

“ahh Noahhh, stooop,” Kayla said playfully, pushing his hands away.

“Whyyy baby?”

“I don’t knoooow… I-im just not feeling well,” kayla said looking down and squirming again.

“Hmm well maybe I can help, I bet I know something that would make you feel better,”

“Oh yeah? And what’s that huh?”

Noah raised his arms and quietly shouted “theeee tickle monster!”as his hands jolted Kayla’s sides.

“S-S-STOP,” Kayla could barely pronounce her words through all her laughing.

“Huh? What was that? I can’t hear you over all this laughing?”

“N-Noah I-I’M GON N-A P-P-Pee,” yelped Kayla as she began uncontrollably leaking through her white panties.

“You’re just saying th—“ he was in disbelief until he saw a wet spot under Kayla appear and slowly grow. Needless to say, he immediately stopped.

“ oh-oh my god you were serious,” said Noah a bit shocked.

Kayla looked down, not knowing how to respond to what just happened.

“I-I’m so sorry Noah…”

“It’s okay baby, I’m sorry for not believing g you had to piss,” he said it with a little giggle to make things light hearted.

“Come here baby,” he pulled her next to him and just as they were before, cuddled up next to eachother.

“I guess we should clean this up huh,” Kayla said shamefully.

“Yeah,” said Noah softly “ we probably should in a minute, but let’s get you calmed down first,”

“Thank you babe,” Kayla was disappointed in herself, she knew she had to go, “for not being mad I mean,”

“I could never be mad at you princess,” he kissed her forehead, and then her neck. Kayla couldn’t help but to let out a small moan.

“Ohh someone likes that huh?” Said Noah with a bit of a mocking tone.

“Welll you know what neck kisses do to me!”

“Well you know what your ass moving on my dick does to me!”

“Well I couldn’t help it I had to piss!”

“Well you should’ve gotten up and gone to the bathroom then!”

“I didn’t wanna wake you upppp,”

“Well that plan didn’t work now did it,”

“No, I guess not,”

“It’s okay princess, we’ll get this cleaned up soon,” he kissed her on the neck again, but this time a kiss turned into more.

Noah put his hands around Kayla’s waist and pulled her close one more time. While they kissed, his hands moved from her face down to her breasts. Her boobs were a nice full C cup and her nipples were hard from all the excitement Noah was creating. His hands moved from her boobs finally down to her panty line. Her white undies were soaked, but Noah didn’t seem to care. Slowly he started rubbing her clit as she began breathing heavier and heavier. Kayla, moving her hands all over Noah as she tried not to moan too loud. She unzipped his pants and started removing him. Noah finished taking them off and through them onto the ground. She got up from laying down and straddled Noah, beginning to grind her wet panties on his still underwear-covered dick. As his dick got harder, she got more and more wet (even more than she already was). At this point Kayla was basically begging with her eyes to be fucked. She went to remove her panties in perpetration, but Noah stopped her,

“No. Keep them on,” Noah said with pure demand.

“B-but they’re all wet,” said Kayla shamefully.

“Maybe I like them that way,”

Noah then proceeded to take his boxers off. His dick was rock hard and Kayla’s pussy was ready to be fucked, but she was starting to worry that she hadn’t peed enough when she so embarrassingly wet the bed. She could feel her bladder wanting to release her piss again, but she didn’t want to stop in the middle of this. It was the best pleasure she’d had thus far in the relationship.

Noah moved her underwear slightly to the side as he he put his hard cock inside her. Kayla immediately moaned. Noah started fucking her harder and harder and Kayla began trying harder and harder to hold back the piss she felt was about to escape. Her breathing getting heavier and heavier, Noah’s dick going deeper and deeper—she was so relaxed and so turned on. And then it happened. She felt a drop escape, and then another. She tried to stop it, but there was no use in trying with Noah’s dick still inside her. The pressure was so intense.

“N-Noah, w-w-wait,” said Kayla trying to stop her piss from flowing. Noah slowed down.

“What is it babe, f-fuck I’m about to cum,” Noah’s breathing was heavy.

“I still have to p-piss,” Noah could barely understand her through her breathing.

“Poor you, guess you should’ve gone last night huh,” Kayla was surprised he said that. Noah was usually very understanding and sweet, but this was different, and she didn’t hate him being so demanding either. Noah started back up again, going faster and faster, and Kayla losing more and more pee with every motion. It didn’t matter though, she was about to orgasm and couldn’t focus on anything except the immense pleasure she was feeling right now.

“F-fuck I’m gonna cum,” Noah pulled out his dick from Kayla and froze up for a moment and then finally came all over Kayla’s tits. Kayla screamed she was having such an intense orgasm. They both collapsed, laying in a very wet bed. It didn’t matter to either of them. The only thing that did was how amazing the night they just had was.

*002*2018-12-30 17:47

Ohh I like that idea, and thank you!!

