Frosty And Her Sisters: The Pact

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2017-11-08 16:24

FROSTY AND HER SISTERS: THE PACT

The moon was almost full. It hung brilliant and low in the night sky, framed by heavy black velvet window curtains as I listened intently for the familiar sound of Norah's car pulling into the gravel driveway, the sound that would signal my imminent release.

My bladder was swollen and bulging now, filled to the bursting point from 40 fluid oz. of iced green tea I had rapidly consumed in a frantic attempt to refill before my beloved returned. It would not do for her to find me empty...

I might be able to avoid a punishment spanking, but the sight of Norah's disappointed face would sting worse than any hand, strap, or even the hated and feared cane on my upturned bottom.

How had I gotten myself into this predicament?

You might well wonder, what with me being the good, obedient little girl that I have been trained to be.

I suppose I should start at the beginning.

But which beginning should I choose?

The one where I was born into modest circumstances and grew up a shy, unassuming, and rather plain girl? That's not the most interesting of stories, really.

The one where I discovered my secret passion for holding and for wetting myself? You might have already heard that story; if not, see Frosty Wets Her Schoolgirl Uniform.

The one where I was found and turned by the love of my eternal undead existence? You'd better read Sisterhood of Blood...

No, this story actually has its own beginning. And so shall it be told.

As a vampire, I have a fair amount of time on my hands, and am alone quite a lot since my maker and mistress Norah is out in the world doing what she does.

She prefers for me to stay home, to be safe and out of danger, but since I'm an insomniac and depressive to boot, I need something to fill the empty hours that stretch out endlessly before me until my beloved returns home.

I've found a few things: music, both playing and listening; writing about N.'s adventures after she tells me the tale; holding my pee....

I am a submissive omo vampire, and yes, I love desperation, holding, and eventually wetting myself.

And that is what brought me to where I am now.

Although I am somewhat of a Luddite by both nature and inclination, eventually out of boredom I found the internet and by chance stumbled on a site that was dedicated to omorashi.

There I found a place for my stories as well as like-minded souls, and a sort of home.

Certain people I had a special kinship with, and a few of these have become my adopted sisters.

Some have come and gone, but there are always at least two. At the time the events in this story took place, I had three good little sisters who I was taking care of, almost the same way in which Norah takes care of me.

Norah is our mother, as well as a sister, a lover and our guide in the ways of omo vampirism.

She has been around so much longer than any of the rest of us.

And just as Norah made me, I made my little sisters... I drank them dry, drained them of life and then fed them my own blood and pee, granting them eternal existence and filling them with a yearning for blood, and for our urine, which we omo vamps refer to affectionately as 'the blue'.

It is blue, you see; transparent blue, just as our tears are.

Our blood is opaque blue, but we usually only drink that from one another during a turning ceremony.

Since I made them, my little sisters belong to me, and since I belong to Norah, they are hers as well.

My sisters have spread out to the four corners of the earth, and although we do share an empathetic bond, we communicate mainly by means of the internet and instant messaging nowadays. And so, that brings us to this particular night, when all four of us were online, and we decided to roll the dice.

We often play little games when we are together. The Guessing Game is one where we have to divine what colour (and sometimes style) panties the others are wearing.

I am usually the easiest to guess; since I only ever wear black, white or grey, at least one of my sisters will always be correct, and get her reward.

My other sisters are much less predictable, and guessing wrong can have consequences. Thus, the roll of the dice...

But before we get too deep into the story, allow me to introduce ourselves.

I'm Erica, and apart from Mommy Norah., I am the oldest one by quite a bit. When Mommy N. isn't around, I'm in charge of things.

Although I am a loving older sister, I do take my responsibility to keep the younger girls in line seriously, maintaining order and discipline at all times.

Little Nayla is my youngest sister in both physical years and in the amount of time she has been with the clan, although Giulia has not been a member of the Sisterhood for too much longer.

Nayla is bright and sweet, although a bit of a handful. Our little middle schooler is a bit naughty and constantly finds ways to get in trouble.

Giu is also very sweet, and rather shy when you first meet her; we're constantly working on bringing her out of her shell.

Once you know her better though, she can be a bit hot headed and loses patience easily.

Alice is the smart one, although she would never admit to being anything special. It was she who designed the bot that rolls the dice for us, and frankly, I believe she is its mistress.

In any case, all we need do is type in the correct sequence of numbers and letters, and the bot then responds with an answering number. Sometimes we wager high/low rolls against the bot, but the best rewards (and harshest consequences for failure) go to a roll for a specific number.

One of the things you need to know is that Alice is constantly working on her little bot to make it better, and then we get to test each new version or feature.

That night we weren't testing, though. We were just playing around. rolling for fun without any wagers.

I picked the number 7, and was rolling for that. Nayla chose 11, and Giulia selected the number 20.

Alice wasn't rolling; she just sat quietly and watched the bot work.

As each of us took a turn and entered the sequence, the little bot would roll the virtual dice and return an answering number.

The bot kept coming back with other numbers besides 20, though.

We continued rolling, and once in a while Nayla's number or mine would come up, but never Giu's.

Over and over we'd roll, in between our normal girlish chit chat... every so often, an 11 or a 7 would come back from the little bot.

Not Giulia's 20, though...

Even at a great distance, our empathetic bond was telling me that my sister was getting a bit frustrated by her inability to get the number she wanted, and finally Giu said that if the bot rolled a 20, she would wet herself then and there.

I'm pretty sure she was convinced that there was no way in Hell that the bot was going to come back with her number.

Still, now there was a wager and real stakes to the game!

We decided that high/low rolls would be rewards and consequences for Giu, since she had so kindly (or foolishly) offered herself up as the prize.

And so we took turns rolling once again.

Nayla got a roll that allowed her to assign a consequence, but she passed that decision on to me. I had no trouble deciding what that consequence would be; I also told the others that I wouldn't announce it until the fateful roll.

So now we all were trying for 20, LOL... we rolled and rolled, but the bot still wouldn't give us the number we so desperately wanted!

Finally Alice took a turn, and entered 20 as her wager, and the bot instantly came back with that number. OMHG...

Giu knew she was now obligated to pee her panties no matter what, but the other two girls looked at their screens expectantly to see what further consequence their stern older sister might impose.

After a short pause to heighten the drama of the moment, I announced:

"The consequence is... we all have to wet at the same time, and then stay in our peed-in knickers!"

What with Giu being so shy, I really didn't want her to feel like she was being singled out for humiliation, even if it was she who had made the wager against herself.

Besides that, I knew something else as well... whatever one of us feels, we all feel.

Without any hesitation whatsoever, Nayla piped up, "I'm in!"

After a few seconds, Alice chimed in: "Ummmm, me too," she said very quietly.

Alice already had her top off, and now she took off her sweatpants, folded them up neatly and placed them on the chair under her to absorb whatever she released. She was now exposed in just her purple plain cotton panties and matching bra.

Giu and Nayla were both already dressed for bedtime, it being rather late on their side of the world.

Giu was wearing her pjs, and little Nayla was in her soft flannel nightie with her beautiful dark brown hair done up in a long braid.

I was in my favourite black silk lace trimmed slip and matching panties, of course.

The countdown began... each of us took turns counting down from ten to zero, the object being that we should all start wetting ourselves at the same time.

As the moment approached, Giu took her laptop off of the desk and placed it on the floor in front of her so we could see her crouching down on all fours in her favourite position for wetting. Despite the fact that we were all going to wet at the same time, she had a somewhat embarrassed look on her face, like "I can't believe I got myself into this predicament..."

Alice was perched on top of her folded sweatpants, ready for what would happen in the next few moments. She was smiling, which is something we rarely see her doing.

Little Nayla was squirming desperately in her chair, looking very much as if she wasn't going to be able to hold on until we reached zero... she quite often has accidents even without any encouragement whatsoever, and the thought of all four of us peeing our panties at the same time was almost too much for her to handle, even if she was not fully aware of the sensations that our empathetic bond would engender yet.

As for me, I was looking forward to our communal release, as well as the orgasmic feedback loop that would follow in its wake.

And so now we each counted in turn, beginning with Nayla.

"Ten..."

Alice followed, "Nine..."

"Eight..." I said.

"Seven," from Giu

"Six!" Nayla exclaimed.

Five.... Alice

Four.... me

"T... three....," stammered Giu.

"Two...," That was little Nayla, barely able to contain her excitement, or her pee.

"One...," Alice whispered.

"Go!"... me, forcefully.

I stood up and spread my legs apart slightly. Then i gasped softly, feeling the irresistible pressure build inside of me. My panties puffed out just a bit as the flood began, filling them with my hot vampire girl pee before the stream jetted through them and down onto the floor, splashing between my feet.

Meanwhile, Alice was squirming on her chair as she wet herself, her folded sweatpants absorbing most of the urine before the remaining bit started dripping down on the floor.

Nayla was squealing with delight as she experienced the omo vampire feedback loop fully for the first time, feeling the flood, the rush of relief, the wonderful sensation of her vamp blue filling her aqua and white striped cotton schoolgirl knickers compounded now by everything the rest of us were feeling. Sitting on a hard wooden chair, there was little to absorb the copious amount of pee which was coming out of her now, flowing freely past the fingers of the hand she had clamped down on her crotch to intensify the feeling even more.

As for Giu, she was still crouched down on all fours like a kitten, but she lifted her cute bottom up slightly and I could see an almost horizontal stream of urine jetting out from between her legs as her whole body shook.

All of us were moaning, sighing, and gasping for air as we kept on wetting, the orgasmic sensation of quadrupled release almost too much to bear.

Finally, the flow of urine slowed and stopped, but the arousal and orgasm continued.

I glanced at the screen, and the three windows showed Alice slumped down and breathing heavily with her head on her desk, Giu gasping, collapsed in the large puddle of pee she'd just made on her bathroom floor, and finally...

Little Nayla, giggling and grinning somewhat evilly at her laptop camera as she furiously fingered herself through her soaked panties.

OMG... I had a feeling it was going to be a long night.

###

*004*2020-05-02 11:39

OMG, has it really been this long since i've written anything new?

I've been so focused on my music for the past few years, but maybe it's time i got back to doing

Some writing... anyone up for it?

###

*009*2020-07-02 06:36

{{On 5/3/2020 at 5:02 AM, Omo luna said:

Have you thought of doing a video game based story

}}

Not really... it's not out of the question, but i don't know too much about video games unfortunately.

Did you have a particular game in mind that i should check out for potential inspiration?

