This morning

Author: Foolishthree

*000*2021-04-29 10:27

I wake up in the middle of the night. You're there, sleeping deeply beside me. You're having a dream of some sort; I can tell because you're breathing heavily, whimpering ever so slightly every now and then, twitching occasionally.

Only half awake, I think back to the evening before. You were having coughing fits, so I brought you a big mug of chamomile tea and your usual bedtime glass of water, and gave you an oil massage on our bed. The tea helps to soothe your throat; the message helps you to relax and stop coughing. You drank the tea while we cuddled, then you drank most of the water because you were feeling thirsty. I massaged you for quite a while; afterward, feeling grateful and relaxed, you pulled me down into your arms, and we feel asleep.

I check the clock; it's six in the morning, we've been sleeping for about seven hours. That wasn't your first mug of herbal tea last night, either. I'm pretty sure I can guess what you're dreaming about.

I roll over to you, slip my arm around your waist, careful not to disturb you. You immediately roll into me, throwing your leg over my legs, arm over my chest; I hug you close. You instinctively squeeze my leg between yours, still deep asleep. I move my leg higher between your thighs, to where it can hopefully do some good.

I lie with you for a while, until your breathing starts to settle and you move into more restful sleep. I drowse for a bit then, losing track of time; the last thing I want is to disturb you.

After a while, maybe an hour, you start to stir, still asleep, but lighter; your legs grow a little tighter, and you push your womanhood against my thigh a little harder.

I move my hand down your back, and gently dance my fingers along the profile of your waist; a smile crosses your lips. As I stroke your side and back, you gradually come awake, eyes staying closed. You make a little room between our torsos, and I start to move my hand over your shoulder, past your neck, down onto your chest, above your breast. Your smile grows deeper; you start to move rhythmically against my thigh.

I kiss your forehead, then your cheek, then your neck. You roll onto your back, making room for me to kiss and touch more of you. You're naked from the massage, skin still a little slick from the oil. I pull my shirt off to match you; you put your warm hand on my belly.

I move my mouth down to your chest, between your breasts, your ribcage, your belly. Around then, you start to become more fully aware of your circumstances. Your eyes grow wide and you whimper as I find the firm bulge in your abdomen with my chin. I pull back slightly, not wanting to cause undue discomfort, not wanting you to go anywhere; but you know what I like, and you smile devilishly at me, and open your legs to me.

I move my mouth down further, between your thighs; you respond immediately, hungrily. I pleasure you there for several minutes while you touch your own chest, stomach, breasts. Your nipples get hard as you pull on them, my indication to go faster and deeper. I lick your clit hard and fast; you arc your back as you approach climax, moaning and panting with passion and pleasure.

I raise my body up, pushing my hard member inside you; you whimper as I enter, increasing the already-intense pressure inside your body. You've told me before that you like the feeling of being 'filled up' by me while I touch your clit; this morning, you have your wish in spades. I move slowly, to make sure you're okay; you grab my butt and pull me deeper into you, hard, moaning and furrowing your brow at the same time, enduring the pressure, embracing it.

Fully inside, I hold myself up with one arm, while I rub your clit with my other hand. You moan faster and louder, grabbing my forearm with one hand while you pinch your nipple with the other. I rub you furiously, and you climax, screaming loudly while you thrust yourself down onto me, pushing off of the headboard.

I keep rubbing until you grab my hand and take it away. Then you look directly into my eyes, wide awake. You grin evilly, place your hand on the bulge between us, and push down ever so slightly, whimpering and wincing as you do, squeezing my hips with your thighs; and you say, "fuck me like you mean it."

And I do.

