On a boat to scottland

Author: Finishuser4444

*000*2022-04-15 03:43

2018

Josie, an 18 year old girl, had just awoken on a bright summer day in june, she was trying to drag herself out of bed. She was rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, but something just didn't feel right. But she couldn't just quite figure out what it was. After several more minutes of trying to drag herself out of bed she finnally succseded.

After having used the bathroom, she enters the kitchen in order to eat breakfast only to find a note on the table. Telling her that she would be alone for the rest of the day, because her little brother and her mother had gone on a shopping trip in the town and would not be returning untill the evening. After having finished her breakfast, she found another note in the kitchen, with a 50 dollar bill attached to it, the note read "Josie, use these 50 dollars to go shop the following items" the note then lists several normal everyday items that she has been instrucuted to go buy at the local grocery store.

After several minutes of walking she reaches the grocery store and starts searching for the items on the shopping list. After having searched in the store for what for her felt like an eternity, she finnaly has all of the requested items in her bag. However as she was walking to the register, she felt a sudden but very urgent need to pee. But she had been in this store many times before and she knew without a doubt that there were several bathrooms in the immidiate area just before you enter the store. "That will be 35 dollars please" The cashier tells Josie. But by this time her need to use the bathroom has worsend. She handed the cashier the 50 dollars and said "Keep the change" as she squirmed away to the bathroom. She had no idea how she had gotten this desperate this quick. But when she reached the bathrooms, they were all occupied and a line of more than a few people outside each and every one of the bathrooms. "No, No, No, Fuck" She thought. She would just have to make it home.

Even tho the walk home only took a few minutes, it felt like hours for Josie and her overfull bladder. She pretty much dragged herself up the set of stairs to her apartment, and she had no idea how she had been able to hold on for this long. She fumbeld with the keys and unlocked the door to her apartment. As soon as she had closed the door behind her she rushed to the bathroom, but just as she was about to enter something strange happend. She felt something happen in her crotch, it felt very warm and wet, she just looked down and she couldnt believe it.

She just stod there in shock, outside the bathroom, uncontrollably wetting herself. There was nothing she could do to stop it. After the flow has stopped she sortof just slides down into her puddle on the floor, all she could think of was that she wet herself, an 18 year old girl, wet herself. After a good 2 minutes of sitting and thinking about how she could have pissed herself she decides to get and up and walk into the bathroom for a long, good, warm shower.

When she steps out of the shower, she realises that since she doesn't want her mother, or, god forbid, her little brother from finding any evidence of her accident, she would have to hide it somewhere, exactly what place in the apartment would make a god hidingspot for wet clothes smelling of piss, she does not know. After several minutes of searching for a suitable location to hide the evidence, she decides to settle of hiding the clothes under her own bed, untill she is able to wash them later. And after having hidden the clothes, she can finnally relax. Atleast she is gratefull that she didnt wet herself in public, where anyone could have seen her.

That same evening.

She is laying in her bed, texting with her best friend, Dylan, when her mom suddenly enters her room. "Oh your home" Josie says. "Dinner is almost done honey, come out". She walks of her room and into the kitchen, were she sees the food. Some kind of chicken with pasta. She sits down at the table, chatting with her mom and little brother about various things. Before she starts feeling really tired, and she goes to bed.

Several Uneventfull days pass, and she is slowly starting to forget about her little accident she had. That would be untill one morning when she woke up, much later than usual, at 2 pm. With a very strange feeling around her, her body felt cold and wet, as she started feeling around her. Everything was wet and cold, her clothes, her skin, the sheets, even most of her long black hair felt wet. Then she realised what had happend : She had wet herself while she was sleeping, and then she heard something, the sound of her door opening. Into her room stepped her mom. Josie turns her head to look at her, while tears start running out of her eyes.

*002*2022-04-15 13:42

I dont know why it ended up there.

{{9 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Good story but what's with all of the white space around the text? Looks very strange.

}}

