Two's company

Author: Flush

*000*2022-06-09 08:41

I wrote this story for the May 2022 writing competition and follows the prompt "Character is in a sauna and waiting for everyone else to leave so they can sneak a pee. What they don't realize is that someone else has the exact same plan." It's already published in the competition submission thread, so this is a repost so that it doesn't get lost in the big wall of text.

***

“I call dibs on the bathroom!”

Hannah cursed inside, and watched how her friend Katy jumped up from her seat to take off towards the only bathroom in the house. Fuck, she was fast. So unfair… I certainly drank more than her! I’m so glad that this game is finally over, so that I can go piss a river. Fuck… I have to go. I really have to go so bad. The minute Katy returns, I’m dashing towards the bathroom.

At the other side of the round table, Felicia pressed her crossed legs firmly together. Oh my - did she just call dibs? Can you call dibs? It should have been me; I've been dying for the loo since ages ago! Oooh, I have to go, I hope Katy doesn’t take too long there!

In front of the two girls laid the contents of the “Escape room - the board game” box. It had been Mark's idea to play that particular game, but Justin’s proposal to spice the game up by turning it into a drinking game. Last but not least, it was Liam who had written down the drinking rules of the game. It hadn’t taken them long to realize that with these rules, they had to drink way too much alcoholic beverages, and halfway into the game the six friends were already borderline drunk.

Katy, Hannah and Felicia had decided to continue the game with soda instead of alcohol, which halted their exponential growth of insobriety. However, with the larger soda glasses, the volume of fluid intake had surpassed the one of the boys, their bladders filling up much faster at the same time. By the time the game had neared its end, the girls were all wiggling in their seats, longing to use the bathroom. The spirit of completing the game had made them hold on, against the will of their complaining bladder muscles.

Now that they had “escaped the room”, however, their need to pee was the only thing left on the girls’ mind. Hannah crossed her legs, stood up and eyed the bathroom door, which seemed to be the only solution for their problem. She was desperate enough to pop a squat outside, but with the heavy storm weather this was not a safe option; the government advice was to stay inside at all times. While the rain poured against the closed storm shutters, all she could do was pray that Katy would free the bathroom for her before she pissed herself.

Katy, however, seemed to be in no rush, because the door stayed shut for longer then expected. After a minute or ten, Liam drunkenly exclaimed what Hannah and Felicia thought. “What is taking her so long?”, he said, staggering towards the closed door. Then, he snickered when he neared the bathroom, and the girls threw him a puzzled look. “Mark is also in there”, Liam smiled, “and they are doing it!” Hannah couldn’t believe her ears at first, but standing beside the door, she could also hear Katy and Mark breathing intensely. “Fuck, they ARE doing it!”, she said, perplexed. The living room went silent for a while, and a sudden moan by Katy could be heard throughout the house. Felicia was the last one to realize that it was indeed true. “Oh my goodness, are they really…? In the bathroom?”

Nobody was really surprised that Mark and Katy were hooking up, it was just that the time and place was really unfortunate for the other girls, who were getting desperate at this point. Hannah balled her fists and pressed her legs together and Felicia wedged her hand between her crossed legs - they both needed that bathroom so badly, but it seemed that it would be occupied for a while.

After a few minutes of dancing around, Hannah decided to return to her room, so that she could wait there for Mark and Katy to finish their business in the bathroom. At least, she could openly hold herself there, and do a pee dance where nobody would see her. Felicia decided to stay in the living room so that she would be able to see when Katy came back from the bathroom. Under the table, she unbuttoned her pants, and slipped her hand under the fabric so that she could directly press her hand into her privates through her panties.

Hannah was pacing up and down in her room, trying to think of a way to release the contents of her bladder without using the toilet. The sink in the kitchen was no option because both Liam and Justin were standing there. The trashcan in her room was tempting her, but it was full of holes. As far as she knew there were no plants in the house, and also no hidden corners. The vacation house was quite small, with only two bedrooms, the living room with kitchen, the bathroom and the sauna. Wait… the sauna? Hannah’s intoxicated brain tried to think about it; she could be naked there without raising suspicions, put a bunch of towels under her, and then just pee on them. She wasn’t sure that the towels would be able to soak up everything, but the thought was too tempting, and Hannah quickly undressed herself to execute her brand new plan.

At the same time in the living room, Felicia was in serious trouble. Liam had decided to not await the return of Mark and Katy, and had grabbed an empty soda bottle from the table, in which he was now loudly urinating. He had had the decency to take cover behind the counter, but the room filling sound was just too much for Felicia to take. She felt a small leak escaping from her bladder, slowly dripping into her panties, and thought she would pee herself any second now. Frantically, she stood up and decided to run towards the only place where she thought she would be alone; the sauna. With one hand clamping her crotch, she undressed herself in the girls’ bedroom as fast as she could, grabbed a towel and rushed herself towards the sauna cabin. She arrived there, just as Hannah had laid herself down on the towels, and the two girls looked each other in the eye.

“D-do… you mind i-if I join you?” Felicia faltered, hesitating while standing in the door opening. Oh my goodness, Hannah is here. Oooh… I need to wee, I just really want to be alone right now, but I can’t leave now that I just arrived. That would be so weird. I know that Hannah is not a huge sauna person, I wonder why she is even in here, she said a few hours ago that she didn’t like the heat! I’ll just wait her out for a few minutes until I’m alone and then…

“No… off course… not…” Hannah replied with a painful smile on her face. For fucks sake Felicia, why are you in here, I was ready to explode and now I can’t do that! But I can’t say that, right, there’s no sensible reason why she shouldn’t be able to come in, we have been in each other’s naked presence for so many times. I guess I can hold my pee for a few minutes longer until she gets bored of the sauna…

“Ok thanks”, said Felicia with a faint smile, she rested herself on the free side of the L-shaped sauna bench, and immediately crossed her legs. Ok, so I still need to wee very badly but at least I haven’t wet my panties. Look at my belly, it’s so full! Maybe I can try to let a little bit go to lower the pressure… but what if Hannah sees what I’m doing? Or worse; what if I can’t stop once I’m going? Hannah would definitely notice that! No… I can’t… although I really want to… oooh, this dilemma would be so much easier if Hannah would just depart…

Hannah readjusted herself from a relaxed position on her back to a sideways crossed-legged pose, and felt a drip of sweat running down her thigh. Fucking hell… it’s so hot in here, I don’t even like the sauna heat. Just a few more minutes Hannah, and then you can release a gusher onto the towels… no, shit, don’t think about gushers just yet, it’s making the feeling worse. Naked grandmother… naked grandmother… oh it’s not working, I just need to piss!

As the minutes passed by, their strained bladders filling up even more, Hannah and Felicia were getting restless. Felicia had a hand between her legs, fingertips pressing onto her privates, and Hannah occasionally gave herself a squeeze without making it too obvious that she urgently needed the bathroom.

Finally, Hannah decided that she had to try something to get Felicia out of the sauna. She stood up, reached for the temperature knob and turned it all the way up. I bet I can smoke her out this way, the heat will be too uncomfortable for her and then she will leave. God, I need to piss!

The temperature in the room rose quickly, and although both Hannah and Felicia started to sweat like a pig, none of them made the intention to leave the cabin. Frustrated that her plan didn’t seem to work, Hannah checked up with Felicia.

“Don’t… you think it’s too hot in here?”

“No, no, I like the heat”, Felicia lied, “I’m glad you turned it up because I thought it was a little too cold at first.”

“Ah…”

Hannah swore inside her head for a good minute, then stood up, turned the knob all the way down and set the door ajar.

“You know… I don’t want to make it too uncomfortable for you”, she said, and smiled at Felicia. Ok so she likes the heat, then she will surely leave when the temperature drops quickly!

But Felicia thought differently; on the contrary, she was now even more determined to stay. Oh my goodness, Hannah, too cold… too hot… make up your damn mind! And leave so I can wee in the sauna! I will do it anyway if she doesn’t depart soon, I cannot hold it for much longer! But she’s getting restless, and she’s clearly not happy with the temperature. Yes, she will depart soon. Right?

Stubborn as they were, both determined that the other person in the sauna would leave soon, Hannah and Felicia simply stayed in place, their strained bladders screaming for relief. The wooden benches they were laying on were creaking from their squirming motions, both Hannah and Felicia were breathing loudly, but none of them spoke a word. Hannah started to tap her fingers on the wood to annoy Felicia, and Felicia started to hum and whistle to annoy Hannah. The pressure inside them rose to unexplored levels, both mentally and physically. Felicia felt that the eruption was imminent, and Hannah was about to have an outburst as well.

At that moment, the sauna door opened itself, and Katy appeared in the door frame.

“Hey, here are you girls! Ok, so I NEED to tell you what happened between me and Mark, it was so crazy, I mean,…”

Both Hannah and Felicia, preoccupied with their own needs, didn’t hear the words that their friend was saying. Instead, they had the same exact thought. Wait, so if Katy is here, then the bathroom must be…

Felicia scrambled herself and her towel together and Hannah immediately followed suit, both passing a puzzled looking Katy. Felicia quickly draped a towel around her and she was first in the hall, but then she suddenly halted, jamming her hands between her legs as a pressure wave overtook her. Hannah was the first one to reach the bathroom door, but when she pulled the knob, it was locked.

“Mark is in there, showering. With the dirty things I did to him…” Katy drunkenly bragged about her sexual act with an innuendo, a little agitated that she was clearly ignored by her two friends.

Hannah couldn’t take it anymore. She knocked on the door as hard as she could and shouted on the top of her lungs: “Mark, GET THE FUCK OUT BEFORE I PISS ALL OVER THE FLOOR!”

“Wait, so you also need to wee?”, asked Felicia.

“What? You too?”, said Hannah. “Then what were you doing in the sauna?”

“What were YOU doing in the sauna? Were you going to…” whispered Felicia.

“Wait, were you also going to…?”, repeated Hannah.

“No… Yes… I mean, not at first, but you stayed there for so long that… Oh Hannah, I need to wee so so bad, I think I can’t hold it any longer, I’m practically going, I don’t know what to do…” Felicia nearly started crying.

“Ok, so I was going to piss in the sauna, you were going to piss in the sauna, the bathroom is still occupied,” Hannah thought out loud, “fuck it, I’m going to piss in the sauna!”

“Really?”, asked Felicia.

“Yeah I mean, I didn’t want to do it at first with you there, because I thought you would find it gross, but now I know that you wanted to do the same…”

Hannah marched back towards the sauna cabin, while Felicia hesitated. She knew she couldn’t hold it any longer, but she also wasn’t sure that she would be ready to pee in the sauna with Hannah also there. Part of her hoped that Mark would leave the bathroom any second now, but the shower kept going and going, and Felicia’s full bladder made the choice for her. A large burst of pee escaped, dribbling past her fingers, onto the tiled floor. Felicia fought the next two pain waves, but then she leaked again, and she realized she had no other choice. Taking very small steps, she danced towards the sauna.

In the cabin, Hannah was already lying down on the towels and peeing. Oh my fucking god, oh my fucking god, it feels so so good! Fuck fuck fuck… ah!

She covered her mouth with her hands, in order not to moan out of pleasure, and raised her head to visualize the scene. A thick stream emerged from her, loudly trashing into the towels, and her belly visibly deflated. At that moment, Felicia stumbled in, but Hannah could not care less, in bliss that she was finally having her relief.

Felicia herself, however, still wasn’t entirely comfortable with the idea of having a sauna pee in Hannah’s presence, and lingered around in the door opening. She thought about leaving again, but no matter how hard she tried to clamp her muscles shut, another small leak escaped her bladder again. Realizing that she would make a mess in the hall, she shuffled towards the free bench, laid her towel on the bench and planted her buttocks on the fabric. She pressed her fingers even harder between her damp lips in a futile effort to plug the hole. In order to save her dignity, she tried to hold the imminent flood back until Hannah would leave her alone. Trembling, she only half-succeeded.

The dam between her bladder and the outside world hadn't failed yet, but the event of breaching had started nonetheless. A small but steady river of pee escaped her pee hole, seeping past her fingers, into the towel. Oh my goodness, come on, come on, I don’t want to wee yet, I just have to hold on for a little longer, please!

But no matter how hard she prayed, her tired muscles couldn’t patch the breach, and more and more urine escaped. Feeling disappointed that she couldn’t keep it dry, but also couldn’t enjoy the release either, tears welled up in her eyes. Clouded in her own world, she didn’t even realize that Hannah had finished peeing.

Hannah raised herself, her butt bathing in a soaked towel, and immediately noticed that her friend was in a total state of despair.

“Just let it go, you will feel so much better!”, she instructed.

“I can’t,” Felicia simply stammered, “I can’t, I can’t…”

Then, Hannah did something that she normally would never have, but the tears running down her friends face combined with her intoxicated state triggered her. She leaned over towards Felicia, planted her fingertips into the swollen belly of her friend, and started tickling her.

At first, Felicia was mortified, but soon the titillating feeling on her body took over her senses, and she started laughing and crying at the same time.

“Stop, stop, stop!”, she fruitlessly tried to halt Hannah, her fingertips losing the tight grip over her privates. Her bladder relaxed entirely, and a river of pee bursted past her pee hole. Finally, she was peeing, and enjoying every second of it.

“Stop, stop,” she demanded again to Hannah, who did not realize that Felicia was in fact going. Wriggling in place, trying to escape from Hannah’s tickling hands, she no longer had control over the direction of her pee stream that now trashed everywhere. A thick burst landed against the wooden wall of the sauna, and Hannah immediately stopped tickling once she heard the sound of Felicia’s pee hitting the wood. Mission accomplished, she thought, and she watched back in amazement how thick the stream was coming from between her friends legs. Wow, she really had to go!

Now that Hannah’s hands were no longer touching her, Felicia relaxed completely and enjoyed the feeling in bliss. Oh my goodness, this is amazing! Oh I needed this wee so bad! Yes yes yes… Wow, I can’t stop going, how much was actually in me?

Finally, after a long time, Felicia’s steam died down. Their towels were drenched, and some of Felicia’s wet spurts were all over the floor, but their struggle was finally over. The two girls looked at each other, both smiling.

“Ok, so let’s never discuss this again,” said Hannah, breaking the silence.

“Never,” Felicia agreed.

“What about Katy, though?”. Hannah asked.

“What about her?”, Felicia replied.

“Look what she made us do! I’d say she deserves payback; a cookie of her own dough,” Hannah smiled mischievously.

“I’m listening…”, said Felicia, intrigued.

“You know how urgent her morning piss always is, especially after a night of drinking? What if we…”

THE END

