Tomb of desperation

Author: FlowingBrook

*000*2020-03-29 15:24

Mummy’s tomb of desperation

A D&D omo story

“How much longer till we reach the mummy’s lair? I’m tired, I’m thirsty, I need to pee!” Lucy the Rouge complained loudly. She and her party had traveled for three days trying to find an ancient pyramid to reap the rewards of the mummy’s tomb. “Can we please stop to take a pee break?”

“No.” Holly the half-orc ranger replied. “We stop now, we lose the track of the lair.” The ranger was keen with tracking magic, but the mummy’s lair was heavily shielded from divination magic, leading the party to false locations. This time, Holly was sure she was on the right track. If only her comrades would stop complaining.

“But I need to peeeee!” Lucy complained loudly, squirming as the group trudged through the hot sand.

“Shut up!” the last member of the party demanded. His name was Garreth and he was a stern human battle master who served as the party’s leader. “If you need to pee so badly, piss yourself. We are NOT stopping.”

Lucy bit down on her tongue and blushed, embarrassed. Nobody in the group ever listens to her. She suspected it was because of her race. She was a Verdan, a genetic offshoot of goblins that are prone to mutations, such as experiencing rapid growth spurts upon maturity. Because of this, Lucy towers over her goblin “cousins” at a height of 5’4”. She thought her height made her look distinguished, but apparently, she just looked silly to everyone else.

“Can I at least have the canteen?” Lucy said, extending her hand towards the canteen that Garreth was holding. “My throat is killing me”

“Here,” Garreth said, handing it over. “Make sure to save some for us.”

Lucy had stopped listening after ‘here’. She tilted her head back and started gulping down mouthful after mouthful. Her throat felt satisfied, but her bladder was starting to feel sloshed.

“There!” Holly shouted, making Lucy jump. “The mummy’s lair!” Holly was pointing to something over the top of a sand dune.

Lucy followed Holly’s gaze and her jaw dropped. Rising out of the sand was a huge pyramid with gleaming bricks that seemed to catch every beam of the sun.

Garreth grabbed Lucy’s arm and started to pull her. “What are you waiting for? Treasure awaits!”

“W-wait…” Lucy said meekly, almost tripping to keep up. The sudden movement was not good for her bladder, so she started to hobble as she followed.

Hope the lair has an outhouse

To be continued...

(This is my first work btw)

