With Tatiana in Croatia Chapter 5

Author: fetishman1962

*000*2022-08-06 01:15

With Tatiana in Croatia

Chapter 5 The party

My parents will be home in an hour Rob, are you okay with me giving them the invitation to the party, Tatiana asked enthusiastically. Yes of course I like that Tatiana. We sat comfortably at the garden table drinking a cup of tea. What are you going to wear to the party, I asked her. I bought a beautiful two piece light blue pencil skirt. It's made of a stretch fabric so people will see I'm a woman. I also wear nice open shoes that fit well because I am also a semi-waitress at the party. That sounds great, I said.

A new car parked on the property and two happy faces got out. It was her parents. Tatiana immediately ran to them and greeted them warmly. In the meantime I had set the table and made coffee. I gave Nadia a hug and Ivan a hand and sat down at the table.

How was Zagreb, Tatiana asked her mother. It was fantastic and we have fully recovered. We get enough money back to live on and have bought a new car. What a calm has fallen over us. After the conversation with the tax official, I am rid of my guilt. He told me that the accountant has acted so professionally that the tax authorities have not seen it either. I have no idea who made sure the accountant was caught, but I am eternally grateful to them, Nadia said.

Tatiana looked at me insistently, dear parents, she spoke, turning her face away from me. Rob and I are so happy for you that Daddy has finally retired that we decided to throw a party for you tomorrow. It will be given in the clubhouse and everything is arranged. But that clubhouse is so badly maintained, Ivan said. Rob bought the building and had most of it redecorated for the party, Daddy. When the party is over there will be a restaurant in it.

The day of the party was already a few hours old when we made our way to the clubhouse. Ivan and Nadia followed us in the taxi. When we entered the building there was a big round of applause for Tatiana's parents and they both enjoyed it very much. It's pretty busy already, I told Monica. Yes it is really cozy and there is good music from the band. The band, I asked in surprise.

Yes my brother plays in a band and they have offered to play here for free. They are so happy that I can finally open my own restaurant.

I want to thank you again for this, Rob. We each took a drink and clinked the glasses, thank you for this great organization. You're very welcome Rob and she turned to Tatiana, you look so beautiful Tatiana and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Thank you Monica, you look beautiful too.

Tatiana took a tray and started taking orders. She started with her parents, of course. Her father looked at her proudly and said he remembered well when she was a little girl in the crib. Yes Nadia said, me too but little girls grow up Ivan. You look beautiful daughter and we are very proud and happy how you survived after all those problems. That would never have been possible without you, Rob and aunt and uncle, said Tatiana. Yes Rob is a fantastic guy, said Ivan. Tatiana felt her father's strength and was happy. She had a drink with her parents and went back to work.

The clubhouse was quite full and it seemed that everyone was there. There were many women present and the ladies toilet was fairly busy but there were no problems yet. The children who were also in line were quietly waiting their turn. After about an hour Zoran came in. Many guests know him as an important person who commands a lot of respect for his honesty. Monica walked over to him and offered him the tray of different drinks. He picked up a glass and offered Monica a glass as well. Of course she couldn't refuse, but it was already the fourth glass in a short time. Politely, she took the glass and joined the conversation.

Zoran had a great time as did the rest of the guests. The band played quiet background music and the dancing guests made the party complete. I think it's time, Zoran told Monica. Her heart began to pound in her throat as a tense moment began for her. Calm down, Zoran told her and they walked to the podium together. The band stopped playing and the hall became very quiet. Good evening everyone, he said. I'm Zoran and I'm invited to this great party tonight. I would like to thank Rob for this because without him this would not have been possible. There was applause for me and I felt very proud.

I would like to ask Ivan, Nadia, Tatiana and Rob on stage. Unfortunately you'll have to take care of the drinks yourself because I need both of these beautiful ladies. There was laughter in the room and Tatiana and her parents followed me to the stage. There was cheering and applause in the hall. Zoran stood next to Ivan who really didn't understand what was happening. Monica moved to the other side of Zoran. She was so nervous that she had to pee. Zoran took his word to Ivan.

Dear Ivan, he spoke, I understand that after years of hard work you can finally retire. We as a municipality are very proud to have you as a citizen. You saved many lives during your work as a diver and you have still been in contact with almost all of them. Except with 1 person. Ivan who was clearly having a hard time nodded and said yes that's true. And I hope from the bottom of my heart that that woman is well. She is doing very well, Zoran said. She will become the new owner of the restaurant that is being built here. Monica stepped forward and walked over to Ivan. Unable to talk from the nerves, she hugged Ivan and thanked him for saving her life. Tatiana went to her mother who was also very surprised. What is happening, she asked Tatiana. Monica is a waitress at a beach restaurant and Rob has recognized her. He wanted daddy to meet her and that's how the idea of this party was born. What a great idea said Nadia who was very happy for her husband.

Zoran went on after some time and spoke to Ivan, as I have already said the city is very proud to have you as a citizen in its municipality. Ivan, may I pin you a medal as an honorary citizen of the city. The proud Ivan answered happily and Zoran pinned the medal on.

Zoran continued, the congregation is also proud of Ivan's wife and daughter. Two very special women whom Ivan has always been able to rely on. He walked over to both ladies and handed them the medal. Mother pinned this on Tatiana and Tatiana on mother. Zoran continued, Ivan you have saved many lives as a diver. You have often risked your life for this and we as a municipality consider it an honor to pin a medal of courage on you. He walked over to Ivan and pinned the medal on.

3

So and now last but not least, Zoran spoke. Rob you are not a citizen of the city but you are a huge asset as an entrepreneur in this beautiful city. I have had the opportunity to negotiate with you and consulted a lot with you. You care deeply about people developing and getting the best out of themselves. We are proud of that and would like to pin you a medal of "honorary entrepreneur". I looked around surprised because I hadn't counted on this at all. I gladly answered proudly and Zoran pinned the medal on my chest.

This was it ladies and gentlemen, let the party continue, Zoran said. The band started playing again and Monica and Tatiana walked around the hall with full trays. They drank with the guests who offered them something. The ladies' room also became busier and there was a long queue. As I walked past to go to the men's room, a woman approached me. I hope that some toilets will be built in the new restaurant. My bladder is about to explode and it's not my turn yet. I'm really sorry about that, I lied.

Unfortunately, there was not enough time to connect all the toilets in poor condition to the much too small main sewer. But that's priority number 1 after the party. I really hope so, said the woman kindly, because there are many women here who really need to pee. Sure, I replied. I looked at the line and saw many women standing with their hands in their crotches. The women all let the children go first because they thought it was pathetic when a child had to pee. The children, mainly boys, gratefully took advantage of this. They learn it at a young age, I thought.

After my visit to the toilet I walked back into the room. Tatiana and Monica were standing there talking to each other. I really need to pee, Monica told Tatiana. Yes I see Monica but try to accept that you have to pee. If you resist, it will feel much worse. Yes, but I also see a whole bulge above your belly button. You also have a full bladder but you handle it so easily.

If I drink a lot, my bladder is completely full after six hours, after that I can hold it for another hour. I do this through acceptance and willpower. Is your bladder completely full now, Monica asked. Because I think I can hold it just a little longer and then my cramped pelvic muscles give out. Just feel my bladder and you'll know. Monica gently pressed Tatiana's bladder, shit that's hard as a rock, she said.

Another hour went by and Monica really tried her best to accept it but the pressure on her bladder became too great. The many drinks went through her system and entered her bladder. She walked over to Tatiana. I can't do it anymore, Monica said my bladder is completely full. Tatiana thought Monica had really tried her best and saw the despair in her eyes. Her sphincters could give up at any moment. Let's go to the kitchen and they walked through the crowd towards the kitchen.

I saw them coming and saw that Monica was having a hard time. Will you walk with us to the kitchen Rob, Tatiana asked. Monica tried her best but her bladder has reached its limit. I can tell by the bulge in her dress, I said. How is your bladder Tatiana, I asked. It's also quite full and she looked down and said, I look pregnant in this dress. You warmed up the men a lot, I said.

We walked to the kitchen, where the cupboard is. Unfortunately for Monica, there was no door in the closet, but she didn't care. Rob, will you stand at the entrance so no one can enter, Tatiana said. No, it's better you do that then I'll keep an eye on Monica. Tatiana wanted to reply but Monica said please do what Rob asks Tatiana because I have no more time. She took off her tight dress and immediately stood naked in front of me. Squeezing her nicely shaved pussy shut. Her bladder could give up at any moment because Monica was shaking from the effort. Her nipples were hard and she had goosebumps on her arms.

Give me a bucket quickly Rob, I looked around and only saw a glass which I gave her. That's way too small but she quickly put it under her pussy because the first trickle escaped. The glass was full and she quickly squeezed her pussy shut. Empty it quickly Rob because I can't hold it for long. It went on like this a few more times and I couldn't believe my eyes. Finally she was done and put her dress back on. Finally my bladder is empty, there was so much in it that she is still sensitive. Do you also want to pee right away Tatiana, Monica asked. No, I'll hold it for a while because the party will be over soon. How do you manage to keep it up for so long? Well, I think you lasted a long time too, Monica. You haven't been to the toilet for at least 5 hours and you've had a lot to drink.

Yes it is, I really thought I was going to have an accident, Monica said. She rubbed her bladder and left the kitchen. Are you sure you're going to make it, I asked Tatiana. Yes Rob, she lied because she really wanted to feel that 1500cc in her bladder. The party lasted for another hour as the guests left the hall. Ivan and Nadia came to us and thanked themselves for the beautiful party. They beamed with happiness and I liked that. Glad you enjoyed it, I said. We'll see each other tomorrow, Ivan said and gave me a firm hand. Thanks Rob this was really nice for us. It made me shy, there was a man with so much life experience standing in front of me and he thanked me.

Tatiana came to me and I saw the bulge in her dress. Rob, can we go home because my spare time is almost up. She had been holding her pee in her bladder for over 6 hours and she could hardly hold it anymore. She was eager in her dress which I found very exciting. I grabbed her and hugged her deeply. With one arm on her ass and the other on her shoulder, I pressed her tightly against me. I felt her huge hard bladder and her breasts against me. Not so hard Rob because I'm really in trouble even this dress is too tight on my bladder. I let her go and gave her something to drink. She looked at me indignantly, that doesn't suit Rob anymore. But a hostess should not refuse, I told her. Her eyes were angry but she recovered quickly, you're right I'll drink it but we have to go home afterwards. Yes, I said quietly. It was the first time I saw frustration in her eyes when she has a full bladder. She can't help but be at her limit and afraid she'll have to give up.

We walked to the car and I couldn't resist touching her. Not now Rob, she said irritated. My sphincters hurt and I'm afraid I won't make it. Don't whine Tatiana, you wanted this yourself. You're right Rob, sorry. Tatiana always needed a kick in the ass when she was mentally slumped. But I also know that she has a very hard time because in normal condition that doesn't happen. She grabbed my cock, Monica got you excited he pee with that interval. Yes it was a horny view what I had but you are the icing on the cake. I put my hand on her pussy and started massaging her. We drove off the grounds of the clubhouse and headed home. That doesn't make it easy for me Rob, I feel your massage directly in my bladder and it feels really uncomfortable. I see Tatiana your bladder is above your navel. The only time I saw that was underwater. But then you let go because you were running out of air. You have a good memory, she said.

We drove onto her parents' property and I parked the Corvette. Rob, you need to help me get out. If I tighten my abs, I definitely lose control of my bladder. I gave her my hand and pulled her up gently. We went to the barn and when we entered Tatiana tried to take off her tight dress. It doesn't work, damn it doesn't work I piss in my pants. Quietly, quietly, I tried to calm her down and helped her take off the dress. But at the height of her bladder, the dress was much tighter than usual. She got frustrated again, goddamn crappy dress and started pulling on it. Stop, I said very curtly. Stop pretending you're a little girl, you're a damn grown woman. She was immediately silent.

That's better, stretch out for a while and come to yourself Tatiana. She straightened up and calmed herself. Are you okay again, I asked. Yes but not for long Rob my bladder is giving up. Put your arms in the air and take a deep breath and I'll try to pull your dress over your bladder. She stretched and took a deep breath. Just a little bit deeper Tatiana and it will work. She forcibly forced more air into her lungs and I managed to pull the dress over her bladder. There was no accident so it worked. I looked at her, her full chest pushed 2 hard nipples forward and her full bladder also looked very sexy. Although I find it very exciting to see a woman with a full bladder and holding her breath, I didn't have the courage to tell her to hold it. She was having a hard time and I felt sorry for her. Let go of your breath and go pee, I said.

Thank you Rob, will you take the measuring cup because I hope there is 1500cc in my bladder. Oh is it that, I said. But that's too big a step within a week Tatiana. Building up 25 cc a week is already a lot, but 125 cc is inhumane and is not good. Now give that bin and I'll pee it full. She sat nimblely over the measuring cup, her legs formed a perfect M. She started to pee and there seemed to be no end to it. Finally her bladder was empty. The measuring cup read 1500 cc and Tatiana was proud of it. Do you see that it is now Rob. Yes, but I have never seen you so frustrated. That's a shame after such a nice party.

You are 100% right, but I also lose the balance in life sometimes. Yes, you're just human, I said.

But I would like to thank you for helping Monica so wonderfully, that was class of you. Well that's nothing compared to what you did for my parents Rob, they are really impressed. They finally got what they deserve and I'm happy and proud to have been able to help with that, I said. Amen, said Tatiana, let's go to bed and cuddle a little more. Tomorrow is the last day and I want to enjoy that because in the evening we fly back to the Netherlands.

