Awe of Pee (Guilty Gear)

Author: Captain L

*000*2023-08-13 21:12

"They are modest to greed, generous to the truth of the world. When the heart is peaceful, the seven seas cry! Rising Force!" With a flash of lightning that could split a mountain, Ky Kiske's Thunderseal sword broke through the shroud of darkness, and for the first time in hours, the girl inside could see light. Even if only for a moment, before her eyes drifted shut and she fell to the ground, caught by a familiar warmth before she could hit anything.

A former Holy Order knight turned IPF officer, Ky had seen a lot in the world, but nothing like this: a young woman, extremely long blue hair drifting in the breeze, her thick black tail that coiled beneath her occasionally twitching, and two mismatched wings protruding from her back that morphed into their own human forms halfway along, one a dark reaper and the other a light angel, the latter cradling the main body. She was a monster, not much other way to put it.

But what could one expect when Dizzy was a Gear? The thrice-damned bioweapons had ravaged the world for a hundred years and nearly driven humanity to extinction, all under their leader, Justice. Justice had only just been destroyed for good, another Commander Gear suddenly appearing so soon was more than enough reason for Ky to go and destroy it before the Crusades could begin anew, for the good of everyone he knew that had lost their lives to these monsters, for the memory of Kliff and all his other fallen comrades.

"Dizzy!" The young pirate girl, May, ran out from the hiding spot she had taken during the violent duel, and jumped onto Dizzy's body. Tears ran down her cheeks as she wrapped her arms around the Gear, hugging her tightly.

Dizzy began to regain consciousness then, her red eyes lazily opening, like she had just been woken in the morning. "Oh... Hello, May. I'm sorry, did I fall asleep again?"

What Ky had found here was the same as their first meeting some months ago: a pure, innocent girl. An incredibly powerful one, as the injuries he had sustained during their battle could attest to, but in terms of personality, she was no threat. Still, he kept his distance, and his grip on the Thunderseal's hilt never loosened.

He didn't need to close the gap himself, it turned out, because once she was able to stand on her own, Dizzy walked over in his direction. The way she carried herself suggested a bashful and nervous disposition, yet she never averted her eyes. If anything, that made Ky more uncomfortable. "You were the one who rescued me, weren't you?"

Ky nodded. "Yes, you were on a rampage, and somebody had to stop you. Me and Testament," he said, pointing to the slender, black-garbed man leaning against a tree, clutching his side.

Upon seeing Testament, Dizzy gasped, placed her hands over her agape mouth, and rushed over. "Oh no! I hurt you, didn't I?"

"Nothing serious," Testament assured, standing upright. "Having to cooperate with a human hurt my pride more."

The two began speaking in more hushed tones, leaving Ky only able to overhear small whispers. All he could gather was what an odd sight this was. Both were inhuman, true, but Dizzy was good, and Ky had met Testament while the latter gave himself to the task of resurrecting Justice. Yet, the two seemed so close, Dizzy looked at Testament with a sense of familiarity and kindness.

Whatever they were talking about, it didn't appear to be pleasant, judging from the way Testament's face hardened, and Dizzy shrunk back, nervous. Finally, their talk ended, with Testament refusing to even look her way, and Dizzy slunk away back to Ky. Ky, of course, had little idea what had just gone down, and could therefore say nothing on the matter.

Even if he did have something to say, it didn't matter, because the Gear talked first. "Would you take me with you?"

"W-what?!" Ky could think of an endless list of reasons to refuse such a request. He was a public figure, being seen with a Gear so soon after the Crusades would cause panic among the populace, that was the reason Dizzy had been taken in by the Jellyfish Pirates in the first place. He continued to fight regularly, it wasn't fair to put her through that. And even worse, he was currently secretly looking into some very shady people, in the Post-War Administration Bureau. Having anyone close to him put them at risk.

But Dizzy continued to look at him, with an expectant gaze, and she continued. "All my life, it feels like I've been confined. To my village, to this forest, to the Mayship. I'm already three years old, and I feel like I don't know anything about myself! Who am I? What am I? And what about everyone else? I must know! If I remain ignorant, then something like today could happen again!" It was subtle, but small tears shimmered on the inner corners of her eyes.

In contrast to Dizzy's constant stream of thought, Ky was speechless. So recently, he had carried a burning hatred for all Gears, and here was possibly the strongest one expressing a fear of causing harm. Once upon a time, if he had seen this, he would have assumed it was a trap to appeal to his humanity and stricken them down with extreme prejudice.

But he no longer thought Gears were inherently evil, and it was all thanks to his meeting Dizzy. She had opened his mind, expanded his world beyond just black and white, a gift that had truly awoken him to reality. And here this same girl was, asking for his help, his education on the world. In a sense, it was what she had given him, it would only be fair to return it. "I think I understand exactly what you mean. If my companionship will ease your worries, then I am willing to give it."

It was somewhat of a slow realization, but as Ky's approval sank in, whatever sadness Dizzy held on her face vanished, faded into an expression of true happiness. "Oh, thank you!" She seemed to bounce as she talked, and when she turned towards May, she shifted and fidgeted in place. "You can go back without me, May! Tell Johnny I'll be late tonight!"

May answered back with a knowing smirk. "Don't worry, Dizzy, I understand perfectly. Be sure to be careful!"

"Okay!" With a skip in her step and her tail swinging, Dizzy wrapped her arm around Ky's, who flinched but did nothing to pull away, and the two walked off.

###

Dizzy had lived in these woods for some time, but trotting through today, it seemed so different. The often-gloomy atmosphere seemed completely gone, she could hear the chirps of the birds and the squeaks of the squirrels so much more clearly, even the air seemed to carry a pleasant scent to it. Her chest felt tight, her heart beat quickly, and butterflies fluttered around in her stomach.

Said butterflies used their tiny legs to tickle a lot of the parts in her tummy, which included the spot right below it, accentuating the natural discomfort that radiated from it. Dizzy recalled her day's activities. She woke up on the Mayship a bit later than she usually would, and to make up for lost time, got straight to work on her assigned chore: laundry. She had struck up a conversation with Johnny whilst putting everything on the clothesline and had offhandedly hinted at her concerns regarding her purpose in this world. Suddenly, Johnny ordered the flying ship change course, and dropped her and May off in the Forest of Demons, the place Dizzy had hidden away for so long, where Testament still lived. After that, her head began to hurt, and the next thing she knew, she had broken free of Necro's intervention thanks to Ky.

It was a lot to reflect on, but right now she was only focused on one detail that this mental organizing had brought to light: I haven't relieved myself today. She had been effectively unconscious for an unknown length of time, but as she looked up at the sun's rays peeking through the trees, she deduced that it was either mid-morning or mid-afternoon, and judging by the discomfort, the latter seemed far more likely.

Much of the time, Dizzy hated her powers, only capable of destruction and inspiring fear and hatred. However, she had to admit, a Gear's incredible strength did have some advantages when it came to her bladder. Even a humanoid Gear such as herself enjoyed a capacity well beyond that of her peers, something she hadn't even really noticed until becoming one of thirteen girls in the Jellyfish Pirates. Her bathroom schedule had become going once in the morning, and maybe once in the evening if she had kept better hydrated than was typical.

Of course, such timing in her little breaks was not always a part of her life, as she was so harshly reminded of as she looked off into the distance. Trees, bushes, and other plants of all shapes and sizes populated every bit of land around her, stretching far off into the distance in all directions. If she focused on any one of them for too long, her need would inevitably worsen.

Obviously, Dizzy didn't just "hold her pee" for the years she lived in the forest; she had been conditioned for the majority of her life to see the flora as her toilets, and with no shortage of them to use and nobody to bother by doing so, she had (somewhat reluctantly) adopted a policy of "go when I feel it". Even when Testament joined her, that didn't change, it was just too convenient, though she did make sure she was hidden from view now when she did so.

This behavior only changed when she became a Jellyfish Pirate, as now she shared the restrooms with more than a dozen others. She thought, it would be rude to occupy one when someone else wanted it, so began the new practice of waiting and holding. Yet, all things considered, Dizzy hadn't been in that frame of mind for very long, it was proving very tempting to return to her old ways. So much greenery she could generously "water" if she just gave into desire.

"Here, allow me to give you my coat."

"Huh?" Things had been quiet for a bit, Dizzy being a bit absentminded for the expected reasons, she hadn't expected Ky to speak up. It had startled her, though nothing she couldn't handle. And, when she looked over at the man beside her, she found him removing his long white coat, unbuttoning the blue breastplate that kept it together on the front. "You don't need to do that for me."

"I see that you're shivering, I can imagine you would be cold dressed as you are."

Was I shivering? Perhaps I am more desperate than I thought. True, just thinking that seemed to make the pulsing sensation in her abdomen more intense, though the area didn't appear to be bulging out at all, so maybe it was all in her head. She could very easily see her navel region, as her outfit left much of her torso exposed. There were straps to cover her chest and bottoms that did enough, but with thighhighs and big sleeves with equally large shoulders, she felt enough skin was concealed. "Is something wrong with my outfit?"

"W-well..." Ky's pale cheeks ignited a harsh hue of pinkish red, and he seemed to suddenly find it difficult to look in her direction. "It's just that... Most would consider it to be overly revealing, perhaps even obscene."

"Oh, is that right? Well, I do also have the clothes Johnny gave me, though I find the shirt a bit on the short side." And the shorts don't cover much more than these do, and I have to wear them a little low to fit my tail over them. A bit more of my rear end than I'm comfortable with stays out.

Just for a second, the way Ky looked at Dizzy seemed to be imagining, picturing her in a certain way, before he very hastily looked away and covered his face. "I-I think it would be best to find you more suitable clothes."

Dizzy nodded. "I'd like that, if you would be so kind as to help me choose something."

"Very well, though it may have to wait for another day. Your state of dress shouldn't cause any problems here, in any case."

I know he's correct, but... If nothing changes, I'll need new, dry clothes. She had hoped that talking would distract her from her needs, but if it would birth conversation that would lead back to her pee, hope was dim. What will I do?

"You shouldn't hurt yourself, Dizzy."

"Eep!" And being startled wasn't going to help anything. If it were Ky's voice, she might have been somewhat braced for it, but this was a gentle woman's voice. However, if anything, she should have been less surprised by this one; after all, this was one she had talked to a lot, one she could never be without. Looking over her left shoulder, she saw the concerned face of Undine looking down from only a foot away. Dizzy sighed in an exasperated way. "Please don't surprise me, not now."

"Sorry, but you might be a bit past the point of the 'taking it slow' approach already." Undine had a point; Dizzy's wings only took on their personified forms when she was in trouble. Whether it was serious mortal danger, or she just needed to tinkle really badly, if she was worried and in emotional distress, they would appear.

"I know," Dizzy morosely whined, "but I don't know what I can do. It's... It's embarrassing to say anything about it to... You know, him." She nodded her head in Ky's direction, walking ahead of her.

"I'll knock him out so you don't have to worry about it," came a deep, gruff voice belonging to Necro.

Dizzy knew something like that would be Necro's solution. "No, don't do that! He doesn't deserve that! I li-"

"You don't know anything about holding back, you'd sooner kill him," Undine snarked.

"Better dead than doing something terrible to her," Necro retorted back, his voice escalating.

"You've done enough damage for today, don't you think?"

"You're still talking, so I can do more!"

"Go for it! You still haven't seen what I can do to you!"

The two wings would have absolutely come to blows, were it not for Dizzy intervening, reaching her hands up to cover their faces and push them apart. "That's enough! Stop it, no fighting!" They struggled, but she did not let up until they finally began to pull back. "There." Dizzy sighed, relieved that no more blood was spilled.

Although, what she saw next was almost as bad. Having turned around, Ky was looking straight at them. His brow raised, confused, and he was speechless. Dizzy pulled her hands over her mouth, using her palms to hide the bright blush she soon sported. "Ah! D-did you hear all that?"

Ky soon found his words. "Just from when they started shouting."

Dizzy's heart rate soon returned closer to normal. Good, at least he didn't hear why this started. Such were the benefits of her wings being attached to her body: close proximity, low needed volume.

"Rest assured, I have no ill intents for you," he continued, flashing an awkward smile of attempted confidence at the wings. Undine returned an icy glare, and Necro dragged one finger across the neck of his hood. Ky shrunk back.

Dizzy shook her head. "You don't need to be scared, I trust you. Necro and Undine mean well, they can just be... aggressive."

"Are they always like this?"

"Most of the time, yes. I suppose they think I have a lot to be protected from. But they do it because they love me, and I love them. They're also not around when everything is okay and I don't need them."

"Then, why are they here now?"

Dizzy's blush quickly returned. I-I can't say what I'm really worried about! "It's just... Well, today's been a lot for me, I must still be on edge." I hate having to lie, but it's better than admitting that I need to peEEEEK!

Ky wrapped an arm around Dizzy's waist, pulling her close. "I swear, I will do what I can to protect you. This world needs kind, caring people like you."

"Ah... Ah..." And Dizzy's elevated heart rate also returned with a vengeance, pounding like a drum beat so hard that it threatened to burst right out of her chest. Her tail stiffened and froze, and the rest of her body followed suit; the only thing she could do was cover her face with her hands. It was a miracle she didn't wet herself then and there. Her bladder must have locked up as well.

The embrace was short-lived, however, and the two pulled away from each other soon after. Ky didn't seem to have realized what he had done as he simply kept walking, so it fell to Necro and Undine to shake her back to reality. It was her first time experiencing this sensation, after all. Eventually, she did fall back down to Earth, shaking the haze out of her head and skipping ahead to catch up.

She had a lot of thoughts and emotions racing within her mind that were difficult to sort through, but the one thing that was far clearer than the rest of the noise was a strengthened resolve. No, I really cannot do any sort of business in front of him! It would be far too uncomfortable for him to have to see. I know it...

###

"Haahhh..." Today had been a busy day. Due to some "mishaps" with July in the kitchen as she prepared breakfast, the rest of the Mayship crew had been forcibly woken up to help put out the fire. Once that crisis had been averted, April suggested they all chip in to make their morning meal, a task that had turned out to be quite exhausting for Dizzy, who had no proper cooking experience yet and each of the girls had something to teach her. It felt as if hours had passed by the time she had eaten and been able to sneak out.

First stop for Dizzy was, naturally, the toilet. Not having gone shortly after getting up was already somewhat difficult to handle, but having to see and hear the kitchen faucet turn on and off so many times over the course of the morning made her need much worse. She resisted the urge to place a hand in her crotch as she navigated the narrow halls, but only just, and by the time she finally found the head door and stepped inside, she was specifically thankful that her jean shorts were still totally dry.

But all that was over now. She pulled her shorts down, sat down on the toilet (something of an awkward task thanks to her tail, it had to be squished between her body and the back wall, and even then, she couldn't sit all the way back and had to lean forward to aim backwards), and was currently relieving herself. The crashing of her hard, healthy stream against the curvature of the bowl echoed throughout the tiny room, assaulting her ears from every possible direction. However, she enjoyed it, the auditory proof that she had made it where she needed to go. Even without the chills running up her body as she peed, she could smile in the happy feeling of release.

Sadly, that all vanished as someone began knocking. No, "knocking" was too soft a descriptor, this was a pounding that threatened to cave the steel door in. Like, this wasn't a human hand rapping on the metal, more like an anchor being slammed against it. As it turned out, that might have been what it really was. "Hurry up! Hurryhurryhurry I need to get in there NOW!" Dizzy immediately recognized the high-pitched voice as belonging to the Jellyfish Pirates' first mate, May.

This wasn't the first time someone had disturbed Dizzy while she was on the can; there were a lot of girls, with times where they were all congregated together and would naturally gravitate towards the same bathroom. But usually, the process was: a light knock, Dizzy would say something to indicate occupation, and everything would be quiet until she was finished, at which point the waiting party would take their turn. May was an energetic girl, but she still followed proper restroom protocol. If she was this frantic, something was up. "May? Is something wrong?"

"Dizzy?! Oh, please tell me you're almost done!"

She looked down between her legs, seeing the vague outlines of rushing water in the dark shadows of her rump. "I actually just got started-"

"Oh, I don't care! Just get out, now! I really can't wait! I'm serious, I'm gonna explode! Pleeeeaaaseeeeee!" Even through the walls, Dizzy could hear the heavy stomping that followed.

"It must be bad..." Dizzy had helped March when she had an accident once, but she couldn't imagine May falling victim to the same fate. But the fact was, she would, so long as the restroom was occupied. "Oh, I'm sorry, I'll be quick!"

She made the promise, but she wasn't exactly sure how to carry through with it. Dizzy had a large bladder, and while she was far from bursting herself, she was decently full and would be tinkling for a while yet. She could squeeze and force it out at a quicker pace, but it still wouldn't be over for some time, and it would be loud. If May heard, it would all be over.

Only one option, then. "Nngh!" She tensed her lower muscles tight, intending to forcibly cut off the flow, but it turned out to be easier thought than done. Her bladder, naturally, would prefer to be allowed to fully drain its contents, and continued towards that goal. There were brief sputters, periods of reduced force, but Dizzy's private parts would always return to their waterfall imitation before long. The only sign that anything was working was that, on average, the power was decreasing.

Not fast enough, it seemed, because May pounded on the door once again. "Just open the door! I'll use your lap if I have to, just let me iiiinnnn!" Her whining was more and more being overtaken by inconsolable sobbing.

"J-just another second, I promise!" Like erecting a dam, the work was immense, but the Gear pee diminished to a trickle over time, and she did get to a point where it was essentially "stopped". She reached over to her side to pull a square of toilet paper off the roll, wiped her junk down with one stroke, just enough to say "dry enough", and stood up whilst simultaneously pulling up her shorts, zipping and buttoning them back to their fully-fastened, somewhat tight regular state.

Reaching out with her left hand, she turned the lever that would open the lock on the door, and almost lost her arm as a result. The instant the lock was undone, the heavy slab flew inwards with incredible speed and strength that caused the sturdy hinges to rattle. Dizzy remained unharmed, it would take more than a door to damage her, but she did get caught between it and the wall as they tried to smash together. It might have hurt more if it wasn't softened by a couple cushions she had on her person.

Actually seeing anything within the small water closet was a bit challenging from her current vantage, but out of the corner of her eye, Dizzy couldn't mistake the flash of orange as May bolted in, wide-eyed and dancing with every shuffling step, one hand buried firmly in her groin. Without anything to muffle the sound, Dizzy could hear splatters of liquid on the floor, small but frequent, like the sound of rain through the Mayship's hull.

May's one focus was the free toilet before her, and she could barely wait to plop down on there. With her constantly-raising feet, she kicked the door closed as soon as it lazily swung close enough for that to be possible, but perhaps a little later than ideal; by the time that happened, she had already pulled the hand from her crotch and was shoving her dark tights down, not the easiest when she was totally incapable of standing still. If she were, she would have probably pulled her panties down at the same time, saving a few precious seconds. Regardless, she got them both down (though not without a lot of tears and heavy breathing) and spun around whilst dropping her butt on the still-warm seat.

Her cheeks hadn't even made full contact before only one thing existed within this room: the overwhelming cacophony of a vicious urine torrent. May's face kept its tense expression for several seconds after beginning, like she hadn't even realized she was peeing yet, but she soon let out a massive breath of released pressure, and slumped forward with glazed-over eyes as she went totally numb.

Dizzy was privy to all those details because she was still present. With the door opening in her face, she couldn't properly trade places with May, and she was still somewhat trapped between the wall and May's extended legs. This small closet was not meant to house two people, so they were squished together, too. It made Dizzy pretty uncomfortable, to tell the truth. "I'm sorry, I'll just... slip out now." She reached out for the door handle.

That got May's attention, and she jumped up. At least, as much as she could while remaining firmly seated. "No, you can't! What if Johnny walked by right now? He can't see me like this!"

Dizzy already understood the desire to not be seen while answering nature's call, but looking at her senior pirate more closely, the rationale was even more evident. Not that she doubted May's claims of an emergency, but only now could she see how truly dire it was. Her panties, stretched between her thighs, looked to naturally be white in color. She had to make an educated guess on that, not just due to dim lighting, but because they were thoroughly drenched with pee, so discolored that she couldn't imagine anyone wanting to wear them ever again. Classical pirates operated in the waters, and the underwear appeared as if they had just gone overboard. In comparison, May's tights had come out of this relatively unscathed, thanks to their sheer fabric and dark shade, but there was still evidence of a slight accident if one were to look closely. All this without mentioning the raging hose currently gushing.

"Oh, I'm sorry for looking!" Dizzy quickly covered her eyes.

"Huh? No, no, it's not so bad if you see. We're both girls, after all. I think I've seen all the other pirates naked in the bath by now."

Still, despite the implicit permission, Dizzy kept her hands over her face, leaving only her ears to keep her informed. On the auditory side, all she had was the cascading river, the hiss where it originated, and the occasional sigh or moan. To call it an uncomfortable silence would be putting it lightly, something had to fill the vacuum. "I'm surprised you were this bad off, you looked fine during breakfast." That was the best she could come up with.

"You just weren't paying enough attention, because I was jiggling like crazy."

"Oh... Were you?" She had so many other chores in the kitchen, she couldn't argue that May didn't occupy much of her focus. And, without a reply, they fell into silence once more. And engaging in another route of small talk would seem desperate, so she went back to her blind listening.

It meant she was more aware of the eventual tapering off of the blasting bathroom break. It kept hissing, but the splashing wasn't quite so overwhelmingly chaotic anymore, and May's utterances of relief transitioned more and more into grunts of effort to get this over with. Clearly, she got most of it out in the main spray, because this trickling epilogue didn't last very long.

Assuming things were safe now, Dizzy opened her eyes, only to be greeted by an even more intense sight: May, with a wad of toilet paper, vigorously wiping down her genitals and panties. "Ah!" True, she wasn't actually "using" the toilet anymore, but this just seemed so much more of an intimate act, Dizzy almost fainted from second-hand embarrassment. She might have taken all the available shame, because May didn't seem fazed at all.

Finally, the massive wad of paper was dropped between May's legs, she reached up to pull the ceiling-mounted string that sent it all away with a loud flush, and she stood up. Without delay, she reached down and grabbed her bottoms in her hands and yanked it all up. There was a brief moment where her expression betrayed a feeling of great disgust and discomfort, but it returned to her usual chipper demeanor before long. "Ahhh, wow I feel better after that! That would have been super bad if I didn't get in here in time! Thanks so much, Dizzy!"

"Y-you're welcome." Dizzy had a plethora of questions, ranging from "how are you not bothered by your wet clothes" to "how can a human as small as you possibly hold so much", but in the end, one request reigned supreme. "Could you please get out? Now?"

"Hm? Oh! Yeah, sure, but why?"

"Because I didn't get to go all that much before you came along, I had to force it to stop, and I heard the whole thing from so close. I... I really need to finish this instant." Dizzy had frozen in her compressed posture, hands balled into fists by her upper thighs, and her knees were now knocking together. She was being polite, but it was obviously a thin façade.

May got it, and was already slipping out the door. "Sure, take your time! I need to get back to my room and change before anyone sees me anyway!" She slammed the door shut behind her, with enough inadvertent force to cause the whole room to quake.

Dizzy was able to wait for the tiny locker to be sealed off, but not a second longer, before pulling off the short shorts, which she had left unzipped, and dropping right back onto the throne. "Ahhhh..."

###

So lost in her reminiscing, Dizzy was caught off-guard when she was stopped in her tracks by Ky's outstretched arm against her gut. And of course, it was right on her bladder bulge. "Mmph!" She whined as the pressure in her abdomen became like a volcano ready to erupt, but she held firm, and eventually, the urge passed.

She was just about to ask what the hold-up was, but when she looked ahead, her question was answered. Standing there, in the middle of this forest like he was waiting for them, was a dark, lanky man with long hair and a longer coat. In some ways, he was not visually dissimilar to Testament, carrying that same "scary" gaze, but without any of the kindness hidden beneath it. Just his presence sent a chill up Dizzy's spine, one that made her whole body numb.

It seemed Ky had the same impression, as his body stiffened, and he wrapped his fingers around his Thunderseal once more. "State your name and intent, sir."

The man placed one forearm over his stomach and bowed, but in an exaggerated and passive-aggressive manner. The wide, sinister grin didn't help. "Greetings, hero. I could say that I am Crow, but that wouldn't mean anything to you, would it? I'll just say... 'Post-War Administration Bureau'. Does that clear everything up?"

The name meant nothing to Dizzy, but she could clearly see the same was not true for Ky, who slid his feet into a battle-ready stance. "And what business does the PWAB have here?"

Responding to Ky once was all that Crow seemed to be interested in, because he already started ignoring the officer and instead turned his attention to Dizzy. "The resonance component seems to be functioning perfectly. Very impressive, if I do say so myself."

"W-what are you-hngh!" Oh no, they're back... The headaches that had been plaguing Dizzy earlier today, that overwhelmed her and resulted in Necro's rampage, had returned as soon as this Crow began addressing her. "No... Please, don't..." It's going to happen again! Even as she was begging for it to stop, Necro and Undine manifested again, their power making waves that shook the surrounding trees, and it looked like another frenzy would flare up, and she feared it would be bloody. Why must this keep happening?! She closed her eyes in defeated acceptance, yet she didn't want to look away from the horror, and so kept one slightly opened.

It was good that she did, because it allowed her to see Ky step forward, sword drawn, crackling with electrical hums and roaring sparks. "Hide, Dizzy."

"W-what?"

"This is my job, as a man of the law, as a fighter. There's no reason you should have to get involved."

"But he's looking for me," Dizzy protested, "I have to be the one to-"

"Humanity didn't survive to now by acting alone, we stick together to help each other out. This is the life I have chosen, so let me fight for you. Will you accept it?"

Ky's words hit Dizzy deep in her heart. There was a time where she was truly alone, and she could confidently say it was nothing but misery. Everywhere else, she was always connected to others, them helping her and her helping them. Her parents, Josephine, Testament, Johnny and May and the rest of the Jellyfish Pirates, even near-total strangers like Ky, or that man with the fire powers whose name she hadn't caught yet. Do they... Do they really all just want to help me?

"Run!"

Whether she was sure in her conclusion yet or not, the aggressiveness of the order got her to obey. "I will!" Even as she complied, her legs were already carrying her away as quickly as they could, weaving between the trees, relying on Necro and Undine to guide her around them while she looked back at her starting point. With each bound of her feet against the dirt ground, Ky and Crow grew more distant, and eventually, they disappeared behind the cover of tree trunks, shrubbery, and darkness.

Yet, even from this distance, Dizzy didn't feel safe. The intense pressure Crow exuded hadn't faded, and made her feel like she was going to explode. Sweat dripped down all her exposed skin, and every breath she took was shallow and brief. She was panicked, heart pounding away, and she couldn't think straight.

"N-no, that isn't it..." All those were also symptoms of a different ailment, one that she already knew was troubling her. Yes, it wasn't as "serious", but the fact remained that it needed to be answered now.

"Why did you run away," Necro berated. "That guy wants something with you, just get rid of him before he has the chance to do anything!"

"I can't, I-"

Undine joined in on the lecturing. "You can't run away from everything, especially if you want to help that man."

"I wouldn't be able to help him right now anyway!"

"Why not?!" Necro was almost yelling directly into her ear.

"Because I'm about to pee myself! I can't take it anymore!" There wasn't much point in hiding her needs from her wings; they were a part of her, after all. But just in case they didn't understand, she elected to demonstrate, with both hands squeezing her crotch and repeated bouncing on her heels, shivering all the while.

In the face of that, Undine couldn't argue with Dizzy's decision. "It's really that bad?" Dizzy violently nodded, and Undine sighed. "Alright, then there should be somewhere nearby for you to-"

Dizzy had only just waited for the agreement that now was the time before getting herself started, regardless of the risks, and began the undressing process. Under ordinary circumstances, the steps were surprisingly simple: undo the two buckles that kept her underwear-like black bottoms tight, which saved her the trouble of navigating the narrow leg holes over her stockings and boots, and place her panties aside, letting her Gearhood breathe and giving her the ability to just squat and go.

It wasn't a long list, but she knew it could be finicky. Those buckles were a bit tight, they had to be to prevent their very necessary cloth from drooping even an inch, but it made actually pulling the pin out of its hole take some work, and her fingers weren't always dexterous enough to do it properly. This was especially true when she was having an emergency. In one particularly desperate instance she would remember to the day she died, her hasty usage of force resulted in her incredible strength rising up and completely ripping the whole thing apart. She was lucky that Testament turned out to be very skilled at clothing repair, or she'd be going half-naked for a long time.

Nevertheless, that example of the worst-case scenario prompted Dizzy to explore and discover alternative methods of disrobing for the purpose of peeing, and that's what she was doing. Extending the index and middle fingers of her right hand, she pressed their tips against the edge of her panties and pushed the gusset aside. They were made of a thick, sturdy material like leather, but it was all still flexible enough to allow for movement, her superior physical ability allowed her to get the crotch out of the way without incident. In the process, however, she did accidentally pluck one strand of blue pubic hair, sending a twinge of pain to her brain. I wish I could get rid of all that forever, but it just grows so quickly!

With the first, and most important, item off the checklist, the burning in her bladder got even more intense. She knew she wouldn't wet herself if she let go now, knowledge that made it far harder to hold. Too hard, in fact, because her ears were soon graced with a short "fsshht", and if she had any doubt as to its source, the sudden boiling heat on the petals of her flower, snaking down her bare thighs, told her she had started a little tinkle.

"Wah!" No going back now! Even if she was capable of holding the rest in, she didn't want to. She just wanted to pee, and come heaven or hell, she would do just that. The strain left her feeling woozy, she didn't trust that she wouldn't fall over if she spread her legs as she normally would, so she needed to improvise with what she had. This meant, while her feet stayed planted where they were in the soil, her ankles twisted to allow her knees to spread and her stance to widen, and she bent into a partial squat.

Whatever feminine modesty and respect Dizzy still had while flashing her "maiden's grove" soon evaporated when she cut loose. Her bottom set of lips parted to clear the way for a golden hose, one that jetted forth with incredible power that gave it a far-reaching arc. So strong was her pee, the stream flew the length of her wingspan before sailing into the dirt with jumping splashes. That dirt was also quite dry and didn't absorb liquid well, creating a rising puddle of fluids and foam.

Naturally, this resulted in the hard splattering sound fading into a bubbling water equivalent, a concentrated shower that she could hear just as clearly as if it were inches from her ears. She had heard some heavy rainfalls in her time in the forest, this wasn't all that different sound-wise. It might have been objectively quieter, but it seemed so loud in her head. Shame and embarrassment played a large part in that disconnect, which was strange: she had done this sort of "natural urination" hundreds of times, perhaps close to a thousand, and had thought nothing of it. It was just the one difference, one simple addition that changed everything. "Ky could see me doing this..." She also didn't want Testament seeing it, but she was never worried about it either. There was just something so much worse about Ky potentially catching a peek at her pee.

This, even though she was not alone even now. But at least her current companions had her best interests at heart. "If anyone comes over now, they'll be burned to a crisp," Necro declared.

"Any pervert will be frozen before they can see anything sensitive," Undine also promised.

"Thank you both... But please don't hurt them." Even if it were Ky, I wouldn't want him in danger just for seeing something.

Dizzy didn't have much else to say, and her wings knew to let her have this alone time, so the Gear just kept peeing. She didn't have anything else to focus on, she didn't even want to look at her escaping bodily fluids, but there weren't even any animals around this part of the woods for her to admire, possibly scared off by the many violent auras in the area.

All in all, she was left with little recourse but to just close her eyes and simply live this life. It gave her the freedom of mind to take note of the many bits of wee that weren't exactly "making it". No insignificant amount of drizzle, shooting off as she sprayed the dirt down, landed on her knuckles, still forced to sit near to her pee hole. But that was nothing compared to the warm rivulets that continued to snake down her legs; even whizzing at full strength, Dizzy was still a girl, and not all of it came out cleanly. Some of the trickles even found tiny gaps in her snug stockings, and subsequently trapped themselves in the nearly nonexistent space between them and her lower legs. I'll need to bathe the first opportunity I get.

That was for later, though. Now was tinkle time, which could last quite a while with a Gear. Her bladder had been stretched out, not exactly to its absolute limits, but very full of urine and was only just beginning to relax and shrink as it all flushed out. Dizzy could feel the sizable lump on her abdomen flatten as her free hand rubbed circles around the spot the bulge used to occupy, which took a real pressure off her shoulders... or stomach, in this case. There was still a lot left in the pool, but this was a sign that progress was being made, and that was something to take solace in.

Now that the pain part was dissipating, it was far easier to appreciate the more positive aspects of her answering nature's call, which were not in short supply. The fierce vibrations of the harsh, gushing flood left a tingly sensation in her nether regions, that wasn't so unusual as she did her business, but it was accentuated here. It came with a different kind of dulled nerves that ran the path up her urethra, a numbness that made at least that part of her body feel like it was in a dream. Even her tail went out of her control, flopping on the ground and twitching. Here in this glade, turning it to a marsh, she was completely relaxed and at peace. "Haahhhh..." For the first time today, she could smile.

Her head cloudy and drifting off, she was surprised to eventually fly back to reality and discover everything had gone quiet. Opening her eyes again and looking down, sure enough, there was no river of pee flowing anymore. There was a puddle, no mistaking that, doing its best to seep into the dirt and leave just the frothy coating behind, but it was growing no larger. Just in time, too, because the messy edge was very nearly at her toes. But that didn't mean her shoes were spared, as she saw a few shiny streaks running down them, and with the steady rhythm of drops still falling straight down, it could get worse at any moment.

"...oh dear..." Naturally, she didn't want to just move her underwear back into place if she was still wet, dribbles of piddle wouldn't soak into this material and they would just sit and grow stale. As she looked down, she saw plenty of grass, but no stray leaves with which to wipe. And she didn't want to walk around with her blue bush out to find one somewhere else.

Dizzy knew what had to come next as she looked behind her. "I'm sorry." In situations just such as this, where she had just finished with a messy pee and neglected to ensure she had any leaves before starting, this was always her solution. Tied around the tip of her tail was a yellow ribbon, much like the ones in her hair. Her tail had muscles, she could consciously bring it around to her front, which could put the bow near to her crotch. And it was already yellow.

So that's what she did. The Gear felt guilty about it, but it was the better alternative compared to walking around with pee on her, so she curved her tail around her leg and pointed the tip up towards the sky. Gingerly, her left hand pinched a strip of the ribbon, and tugged it away. There was some resistance, but the knot keeping it secure wasn't going anywhere so easily, so she stepped it up and placed her four fingers under a strip of the yellow cloth, creating a wrap around her digits. Pulling it closer, she used her other hand to pull her underwear further away, and began stroking her sensitives.

If she had to, she could complain that it wasn't a comfortable substitute. Compared to the soft touch of quality toilet paper, the ribbon was a lot more coarse and rough, scratching her most delicate orifices. She tried to be gentle, make short and slow dabs and drags only where needed, yet even so, she cringed with every swipe. It really didn't help that, due to how sloppy the potty break was, residue resided in every crease and fold of hers, and all needed tending to. She really had to get in there with the ribbon to dry off, it was an involved job.

"Dizzy?"

Dizzy had evidently taken too long, because she had been discovered. And who else did that voice belong to, but Ky Kiske? Paralyzed, she looked up, and saw the Holy Order knight standing beside one of the trees encircling her. He looked battered and beaten, but more importantly, he was staring at her. His eyes wide and mouth agape, he almost seemed to not be blinking, and he blushed hot enough to rival a napalm death.

She had a pit deep in her stomach that told her everything already, but Dizzy still had to look back down and check one thing: where she had frozen. Both hands down by her crotch, panties aside, tail and attached ribbon against her privates. And they were still private, as the extra yellow band was pressed on the slit, just barely covering the worst of it. But it was a small comfort, the truth about what she was doing was still plainly obvious. What could Dizzy say? What could she do? Like a frightened deer, she just stood there, perfectly still.

She hadn't been able to act yet, but she didn't need to. Her panic was enough for Necro to manifest over her shoulder, and he immediately thrust his palms out, gathering a ball of purple energy in them, and fired it without mercy. The blast flew very quickly, and Ky, who remained stunned at what he had walked in on, had his many years of honed warrior instincts fail him, and the shot collided straight with him with a powerful explosion. He went flying as a result, straight into a tree that nearly cracked under the impact, and Ky was down and out just like that.

The shock was enough to shake Dizzy out of her stupor, who no longer had any qualms about letting go of both her tail and panties, allowing them to both snap back to their usual places. "Necro! What was that for?!"

"I simply did as I promised," Necro huffed.

"But all he did was find me at a bad time! He didn't deserve that! He probably didn't even see anything!" Dizzy ran over to Ky's limp body, looking it over more closely. "Oh, the poor guy. I hope he isn't badly hurt."

###

Darkness. Nothing but darkness. A pure black void surrounded Ky Kiske's consciousness and, try as he might, he could not escape. He reached out, but was met with the same emptiness no matter where he grasped. All seemed hopeless, but he continued the struggle. Then, a light appeared before his eyes, and as he moved towards it, it rapidly grew larger until his vision was filled with white.

As his eyes opened and adjusted to the sun's rays, Ky realized he was lying on his back in the forest. However, it wasn't sky that filled his view, but Dizzy's face looking down at him with a smile. Out of the corner of the eye, he could see her navel, but nothing lower, and it was very close.

It took a moment for his senses to return and to realize where he had ended up, but he did, and he scrambled to hoist himself upright without daring to place his hands on anything. He at least managed to sit up, finding himself next to Dizzy. From here, he could see that she was kneeling, sitting with her shins beneath her, so her lap was free. And, though a little surprised at his sudden violent reaction, she was nevertheless smiling. "Oh, good, you're awake! I was really scared I hurt you."

Ky brushed some of the dirt off his clothes. "I-it's no problem, ma'am," he blurted. "I'm accustomed to fighting Gears, this will heal." He looked down. "It's my fault, for intruding on you. I swear to God, it was not intentional." He placed a hand over his heart and signed a cross in the air with the other.

"No, I'm the one to blame. I was the one who had to run off for such a silly reason, I should have expected you would come for me. And to make it worse, I left you to fight on your own."

"You shouldn't have had to fight that thing anyway. No one should, not again." His visage darkened, and he went silent, leaving Dizzy to worry what she had missed. She had the feeling she shouldn't ask, but was about to before Ky continued. "I'm sorry, today hasn't been any help for you, has it?"

...has it? I asked for help discovering who I am... She looked over at Ky. And I think I found something about myself, even if I'm not totally sure what it is. "It's been a mostly unpleasant day, yes, but... If you're okay with it, we can try again another time."

Ky looked up at Dizzy, and smiled. "Yes, I'd like that."

Dizzy clasped her hands and glowed. "I should probably get back to the Mayship, but come find me some time! I'd... I'd really like to spend more time with you!" With a spring in her step, she hurried off.

Ky watched her go in silence, but eventually, something occurred to him. "Er, how am I supposed to find a moving airship?"

But Dizzy either didn't hear or didn't care. She had her head in the clouds, and moved so lightly that she felt she could fly. And it wasn't just because urine no longer weighed her down. Speaking of, she made one promise to herself. I'll be sure to use the restroom beforehand next time.

