A hostage situation: or how I learned something about my best friend

Author: Fal

*000*2025-07-06 06:58

It was a balmy Saturday morning, me and my bestie Ellie were taking the train out to Semaphore for a lovely day relaxing in the sun. We both had on their bikinis underneath cute denim shorts and light tops. I was prepared for anything, Ellie often called me neurotic, I was bringing sunscreen, a backup bottle of sunscreen, a hat, an umbrella, sunnies, glasses cleaner, my real bank cards in case her phone lost power, a backup battery for my phone, my current booktok obsession, and more.

It seemed like it was a normal day on the Outer Harbour line, it was packed with beachgoers and other assorted travellers. That is until a bunch of strange men with masks boarded the train. With precision and speed, two ran up took over the driver's cabin and hit the emergency brakes. The others brandished weapons and barked orders to the passengers. The leader grabbed a woman out of her seat and put a knife to her neck. “We're going to come around with a bag, you put your phones in the bag, we don't have a problem. All you lot need to do to get out of this alive is stay in your seats. Keep quiet, and let us do what we're here to do. Any funny business and the whore get it!” To punctuate that sentence, he pressed the knife in to her neck, far enough to draw blood, she screamed. The passengers gasped. The inner thighs of her jeans turned several shades darker, and a puddle formed at her feet.

Pissing your pants in public, in your twenties. I can't think of a worse fate than that. I'd probably cry myself to sleep for weeks after that, delete all my socials, and get a drinking problem. (as if law students didn't already have one, hahaaaaa.)

I was terrified, not scared enough to scream, but I began shaking, breathing deeply, and my heart went off on a sprint. I looked around and saw that this was happening in the other coach as well. I grabbed Ellie firmly by the arm for comfort. At that moment I felt a pulse in my bladder, a quick check showed I was still dry at least.

My morning flat white was beginning to rear it's head. “Excuse me, I need to pee.” I said to one of the masked figures, as he passed me with the phone bag.

“Shame,” he said, “you're not leaving that seat. You'll just have to deal with it like that girl over there.” He said, pointing to the piss-soaked human shield held by the leader.

“Did he really just tell me to pee my pants?” I whispered to Ellie, “That's gross. I'm not going to pee myself like a dumb little girl.” A strong 25-year-old woman doing a law degree isn't going to pee her pants. That's what babies and drunks do. I'm not either of those. I'm better than them.

Time wore on and my need made itself more and more known, I now had to keep one hand down there at all times. Which was almost as humiliating as actually wetting myself, almost. By this point also, the police, journalists, rail workers and other assorted groups had made their way to the train. The lead black mask man with the pissy human shield was deep in negotiations with the police over a loudspeaker. I wasn't paying much attention to the demands of the negotiations, all I cared about at this point was keeping my dignity. Looking around the train car showed me I wasn't the only one in this situation, I saw a man up the other end pee into his Mcdonald's drink cup. The woman he was with looked enviously at the situation and was frantically rubbing her thighs together. Girl, same.

“Bestie, I'm going to be honest, I don't think you're getting out of this situation with your shorts dry,” Ellie whispered to me. Ellie was a woman who sometimes had yellow moments. She'd sometimes come back from a run with damp Lorna Janes. I didn't hold it against her, but I held myself to a higher standard.

At this point, all I could think about was sitting on a toilet, and unleashing the pent-up storm in me. I didn't give a shit about these terrorists, I didn't give a shit about these demands, I didn't give a shit about making it to the beach, I didn't give a shit about anything else. All I wanted, and all I needed was to not fucking piss in my pants like a baby in front of all of these people. Tears welled up in my eyes as I began to realise that this goal was slipping from my grasp second by second. Ellie was right.

I felt something. A dampness. I looked at my crotch in shock. A few drops had come loose. I went bright red. It was about to happen. The rest of the world stopped existing altogether. All that existed was my bladder, my shorts, and the seat, and they were about to go through a bonding exercise. Holding became genuine pain. My face went red. The tears became sobbing, “I can't hold it anymore,” I choked through sobs. Ellie grabbed my arm firmly in solidarity. “I'm going to wet myself like a baby.” 

I took my hands out of my crotch and experienced the most humiliating event of my life. I've never taken an ego hit like feeling wetness spread across my lap and arse. The sobbing became actual crying as the hiss of my accident entered the soundscape of the train. I was fully peeing in my pants like a little baby, I was having an accident. I used the train seat as a bathroom. I was Dampening my shorts. I didn't make it to the toilet. I couldn't hold it anymore. I was sitting in the evidence of my failures as a human being. I buried my head in my hands in humiliation. Of course, there were pee droplets on them. I now had my own fucking pee in my own fucking hair. I wanted to be dead. I wanted to be out of this situation.

Ellie leaned in to hug me. “Girl, we all pee our pants at one time or another. It's ok, anyone would pee in their pants in this situation. You're not weaker because of it.” A good kind of warmth ran through me, not like the bad kind of warmth I'm sitting in. I didn't deserve Ellie as a friend. My crying turned to all-out bawling. She was so good to me, so loving, so supportive.

I heard another hiss and pitter-patter, I looked over and saw Ellie's shorts getting soaked as well. Ellie looked at me. “I couldn't hold it in either. I peed in my shorts too.” She said matter-of-factually. Looked like she did that just to comfort me. I really didn't deserve such a good friend.

I couldn't focus on much other than just not wanting to be here. The hostage situation lasted another few hours. I spent that time just wallowing in depression and fighting off a mental break. All the while sitting in a puddle of my own creation. It was getting colder, and clammier, just like my mood. But at least I wasn't the only one in this situation. There was the poor human shield woman and Ellie. It looks like the woman sitting next to McDonald's pee cup man had gone past her limit as well.

Five hours after it started the police and the negotiators came to an agreement, and the carriage Ellie and I were in was set free. The police were sympathetic to the plight of our pants, we were given towels to cover up and a ride back to our flat. As we were leaving the train carriage, I saw a woman who had done something so, so much worse to her underwear and was wearing a skirt way too short to cover it up.

Ellie gave me the first run at the shower when we got home, what did I do to deserve such a good friend? I showered as quickly as possible, and when I got out, I got the shock of my life, Ellie was still wearing her piss-soaked shorts, and took her time getting ready for her shower. I made a mental note to ask her about that later, but I didn't want to think pissed clothes for a little while. The mental note became a mental ledger when I heard certain kinds of moans and groans from the bathroom over the noise of the shower.

