(Request) "Peeing Into Bladder" Stories

Author: Foxlover

*000*2020-08-30 14:45

So, as you all have probably guessed by now, I've long since discovered what may be the most titillating subset of this already niche fetish, which is women having their bladders used as toilets via catheter XD

I don't know why I find the idea of someone desperate having to pee into a poor woman's bladder as a manner of relief so arousing, but here we are lol

I've read some amazing stories built around this concept;

"Emily Gets A Date" by @holditin

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/45015-emily-gets-a-date/?tab=comments#comment-1483796

"Customers Come First" (Might be my favorite) by @Markj9494

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/60894-the-customers-come-first/?tab=comments#comment-1799039

"A Golden Decree" (commission I asked for, based on an RP I did) by @Markj9494

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/61660-a-golden-decree/?tab=comments#comment-1809651

"Full To The Brim" by @holditin

%https://www.deviantart.com/thatcoolguy11/art/Full-To-The-Brim-Part-1-428781260

%https://www.deviantart.com/thatcoolguy11/art/Full-To-The-Brim-Part-2-428806465

%https://www.deviantart.com/thatcoolguy11/art/Full-To-The-Brim-Part-3-428806918

Basically, I know this is a fairly esoteric concept but I was wondering if anyone had any further stories built around this concept? I'd love to read them XD

Cheers!

*002*2020-08-31 12:58

{{21 hours ago, Dtravis said:

I really love this kind of stories too! I think you gave links to pretty much all of them I currently know, at least ones that got completed and written to the end. I remember a few kind of shorter ones I read several years ago but I believe they got lost in the depths of the Web.

Of course there's The Chronicles of Mulberry Mansion that you started but unfortunately it got abandoned. I will give a link for people who may still want to read a few chapters written: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/18701-the-chronicles-of-mulberry-mansion/

There's also a lengthy RP Campsite "Lake in the woods" I started with someone here that involves quite a lot of peeing into another bladder https://www.omorashi.org/topic/43934-campsite-lake-in-the-woods-private-with-redfish3000/

But unfortunately midway in the story my partner abandoned not only roleplay but this forum at all, and despite my multiple attempts in the past I wasn't able to find anyone interested to pick his part and continue it.

Anyone knows of any others?

}}

Haha, I actually do mean to continue Mulberry Mansion once I figure out how to connect the current storyline with the scenarios I have in my head

*003*2020-09-03 14:22

I guess we really are the only two people on this site with this niche fetish, @Dtravis

😭😪

*006*2020-09-04 00:43

{{1 hour ago, dairymanbig said:

I like it too!! I just don't have anything to contribute unfortunately. Thank you for these links. They are very good!

}}

😪

*008*2020-09-04 02:10

{{14 minutes ago, fortardball87 said:

Im in the same boat as dairyman

}}

Well, I’m glad you like the stories that have been posted then!

*011*2020-09-06 23:13

{{13 hours ago, Newbiepeer said:

I also love this niche, and enjoyed Mulberry Mansion. I'm not really sure if it's because this niche typically coincides with large bladders or just the standalone aspect, at least for me. Probably both, @holditin had a story called Desperate Times at the One Star Nunnery which had the concept of bladder filling via catheter and then just holding a crazy amount for forever as part of a cult type of story - not really the same niche though. And I think there's a couple of stories that were started on here where someone discovers the ability to transfer pee between bladders via line of sight through mental powers or whatever premise, although I think the basic premise wasn't really even explained and the stories were barely started. So that's also kind of similar. I'd imagine there's other stories as well, short stories or unfinished possibly.

I do have a storyline idea for what could be a similar size story to Mulberry Mansion involving women having their bladders used as toilets via catheter (or probably a regular sized "only" holding/large bladder story) that I've never seen anything similar to if you're interested.

}}

Sure, send me a PM!

*015*2020-09-10 07:48

{{On 9/7/2020 at 3:30 PM, marshmelli_b said:

Oooh, that sounds really hot. I've always been into the idea of a guy peeing inside me while having sex tbh and that sounds similar.

}}

Sort of? XD I’m actually not too sure of the actual scientific/medical merit since I always tend to gloss over realism in my stories when I feel I have to (imagination is a helluva drug) but I imagine it’s simply a movement of liquid from a high pressure location to a low pressure location where the former is somewhat elevated to facilitate the transfer.

And yeah I’m not sure why someone having their bladder used as a toilet is like my favorite thing ever, but, I’m already an omorashi degenerate so... might as well be a bigger one🤷🏾‍♂️

*017*2020-09-12 19:46

{{On 9/11/2020 at 12:38 AM, multibubbled said:

I'm not sure if this would count, but there is a story that seems to be inspired by the anime "If Her Flag Breaks". In it the protagonist has the ability to psychically transfer urine between people's bladders. It seems abandoned after only 2 chapters I think.

Here:

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/21501-if-her-meter-bursts-a-multi-part-omorashi-romance/?tab=comments#comment-846269

}}

I have seen this story! The others you might be talking about are

"The Desperation Visor" by @ashishgamer

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/12610-the-desperation-visor/?tab=comments#comment-847350

"The Gift" by @PrinceOfThePee

(Formerly "shadow66" I believe)

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/12610-the-desperation-visor/?tab=comments#comment-847350

(This one is almost completely male desperation based so fair warning)

"The Conduit" by @Garrus

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/22843-the-conduit/

Unfortunately, none of them were seen to completion, but they still presented incredibly unique premises!

*021*2020-12-20 09:16

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="45388" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed5295902894" scrolling="no" style="height:287px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/64357-locked-in-the-coma-ward/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1840175&embedComment=1840175&embedDo=findComment#comment-1840175"

Seems the only way these stories appear is if I write/commission them XD

$

