A Wet Blind Date

Author: fullbladder

*000*2020-08-09 03:05

Jenny wriggled her shapely legs nervously as Madame Piselle encouraged the young ladies to drink up. She could hardly believe that her friend Yvonne had convinced her to come to a blind date event with her!

Madame Piselle was known for running the most outrageous blind dating service in the San Francisco Bay area. Her methods were unconventional and unpredictable. There was an application process to get approved for an event, followed by a $100 charge if you got selected. Yvonne had made it into her first event six months ago, and she had nagged Jenny to come with her to the next one.

Jenny had finally caved to her best friend, mostly to get her off her back. After all, she didn’t expect to get picked. Yvonne was much prettier than her and she had only been selected the one time out of over ten attempts. The former sorority sisters had applied together and received identical letters a week later. Jenny was surprised that her 5’5 busty dark-haired figure was capable of getting into such an exclusive event, on the first try, no less.

Yvonne has excitedly described the experience for the thousandth time- the cute blindfolded boys whom the empowered women had given stiff drinks, conversed with, and touched intimately. She gleefully detailed how she had guided a muscular carpenter’s masculine hands over her slender body. They had gone out a second time, but the chemistry just wasn’t there with the intensity of Madame Piselle’s blind dating scheme gone.

Admittedly, Jenny had enjoyed Yvonne’s hot story the first time, but she still felt no urge to be put in a potentially uncomfortable and unpredictable situation. Although she hadn’t had a steady boyfriend for a number of years now, this wasn’t her ideal way of meeting a man. She had finally paid the money and committed to the blind date, after Yvonne offered to cover her repeatedly.

Now she was downing her fifth martini in thirty minutes under Madame Piselle’s watchful eye. The thought of going through what Madame had described minutes ago absolutely terrified her, but she saw no way out. Yvonne was squeezing her hand tightly as she happily chatted with an attractive Latina who was at her fourth event.

Madame Piselle enthusiastically clapped her hands and warned the girls to finish their drinks in the next three minutes. She was in her early 40s with a tall, busty frame. She dressed confidently in a tight black skirt and low-cut white blouse. Jenny cautiously scanned the busy room. Each one of the twenty-four gorgeous women seemed to exhume confidence. She felt so out of place- she had no idea how she was going to approach a man in this environment, much less ask him to…

“Okay, let’s go! Remember to pick up your new drinks on your way in!” Jenny snapped to attention and chugged the remaining half of her glass. She carefully followed Yvonne out of the crowded room to a wide hallway which led to a grand ballroom. The ladies picked up a tall glass of champagne on their way in to meet twenty-five handsome well-dressed men.

Jenny carefully placed one foot in front of the other trying not to stumble, hoping she wasn’t attracting too much attention in her frilly purple dress. She already felt buzzed from drinking so much in a short while. She was sure it was her mind playing tricks, but she already felt like she needed a visit to the ladies. Just knowing that she was going to have to hold it made her hyper-aware of her filling bladder.

Yvonne and her chatty companion, Vanessa, walked over to a pair of lads who looked like they could be brothers. Jenny wished there was a third guy with them so she would have a way into the group without being the fifth wheel. Of course, if he was anywhere as good-looking as the other two, he would be way out of her league anyway.

Sipping her champagne, Jenny shyly sunk into a corner behind Vanessa and Yvonne. She could just make out the conversation over the growing roar of the room.

“… and we’re supposed to drink a glass every twenty minutes.”

“Same for us! Except we didn’t have to drink before we came in. You must be drunk already!”

Yvonne and Vanessa giggled. “Yes! You guys look totally hot right now!”

One of the guys reddened slightly. “Are you allowed to…”

Yvonne laughed again. “Nope! We are supposed ask you boys to help us out with that!”

“Help? How?”

“With your mouth, silly! What about you? Are you allowed to go?” Yvonne punched him playfully.

“No, we are all locked up.” He gestured to his crotch.

Jenny saw her friend reach out to explore his nether regions, but Vanessa’s barely-clothed back obstructed her full view. She wondered what the boys were wearing under their dress pants- maybe she would get to find out… if she could somehow hold on long enough.

Before she knew it, Madame Piselle’s voice was interrupting conversation over the PA system. “Everyone, get your drinks now please.”

A majority of the ladies in the room, including Jenny, reluctantly chugged their drinks and then made their way over to grab new wine glasses. Several servers standing in quiet corners of the ballroom discreetly approached lagging guests and urged them to make way to the bar- Madame Piselle had made sure all the bases were covered.

As Jenny sipped red wine in her same eavesdropping corner, she noticed an interesting fellow in the other end of the room. He seemed shy and out of place- he was clearly there with his friend who was eagerly flirting with a blonde and a brunette. Jenny felt a pang from her bladder- she would normally go pee at this point. She scanned the room again, hoping there were girls in worse shape than she was.

She didn’t have to look far- a petite Filipino woman in a form-fitting white dress was dancing on the spot as she conversed with an African-American male who was stealing glances at her writhing hips every few seconds. Jenny wondered how much longer the lady would be able to hold on for- all that alcohol would quickly overwhelm her tiny body. Would the man help her or just watch her soak her dress?

That brought her thoughts back to her own bladder. Her wine glass was almost empty and soon she would have to pick her next drink. The thought of pissing herself in such a public space terrified her. Imagine if she was the first! She couldn’t risk such humiliation. Her bladder was filling at an alarming rate and she hadn’t even talked to anyone at the party!

She finished her drink as Madame directed everyone back to the bar. Strategically, she waited for the shy boy with glasses to walk past her to the line at the bar and quickly followed him. Now, she needed to talk to him before he wandered back to the two girls with his friend. As he reached for his beer, she tapped on his shoulder.

“Um… could you please grab one for me. I’m a little drunk… sorry.” Jenny felt herself blush at even admitting that.

“Oh, no problem. I’ll just…” He handed her his beer and accepted another one from the bartender.

“Thanks- I’m Jenny.” She walked purposefully with him as he tried to follow the group back to their spot at the back of the room.

He stopped to accept her handshake. “No problem- I’m Sidney. Sid, for short.”

“Nice to meet you, Sid. Is this your first event?” Jenny realized that she would never be able to have this conversation if she wasn’t drunk and desperate.

“Yes, I applied because Dane was pushing me to- I didn’t think they’d pick me. What about you?”

Jenny giggled. “Me too! I can’t believe I’m here doing this! It’s just so crazy!”

Sid immediately loosened up. “Isn’t it? How do they come up with these crazy ideas? Does this kind of dating actually work?”

Jenny’s attention drifted to the Filipino girl behind him she had frantically excused herself from her date and rushed to a semi-secluded area behind a large marble post. She had hiked up her skirt and lowered her panties to pop a squat before a server had stopped her. She was desperately pleading with her hand in her crotch, drawing attention from a growing audience. Her date quickly rushed over and knelt down in front of her. Carefully, she lowered her panties again and relieved herself into his mouth. The entire room was watching in shock now, as her bursting bladder emptied directly into his mouth for thirty seconds. Humiliated, but relieved just the same, she wiped off her pussy with her hand and pulled up her underwear.

Like many others, Sid had been drawn into the scene. Jenny quickly hurried to join him. An added privilege to his company was listening in to the couple’s conversation. They spoke in hushed voices, but Jenny was able to make out their words through a mix of great hearing and lip-reading.

“Uh, thanks- I was about to wet myself.”

“No worries- your pee was delicious.”

The Filipino girl smiled, but Jenny missed her response as Sid resumed their conversation.

“Wow! She really had to pee!”

“Yes… Madame made us drink a lot before we came out.” Jenny blushed, realizing she had just revealed her own predicament to him.

“Oh… do you need to go?”

“A bit.” Jenny lied as she willed herself not to wriggle involuntarily. It was getting harder and harder not to show her desperation as she continued drinking. A couple of the girls were now openly holding themselves as they chatted with boys. Vanessa and Yvonne were both dancing on the spot.

“Well, maybe… “ Sid’s voice trailed off. Jenny sensed he was offering to help, but felt uncomfortable with the topic. She did too, so she quickly redirected conversation to a more conventional dating topic.

“What do you do for work?”

Sid’s face lit up. “Oh, I’m a website designer. I started my own company two years ago and I have been working with….”

Jenny’s attention waned as he continued his excited chatter about his work and all the interesting projects he had completed recently. She could see her tummy bulging out now- she needed to pee SO badly! She squeezed her thighs together under her dress- it helped a little. Maybe she could nonchalantly cross her legs. Pretending to listen to him, she casually stepped over her left foot and clenched her upper thighs tighter.

“What about you? What do you do?”

The questioned snapped Jenny back to reality. For a moment, she stared blankly at him, unable to recall her own work.

“Oh, I’m an assistant manager at a restaurant.” Realizing such a short answer may come across as rude, she tried to continue.

“Um, basically… I help with table bookings, worker schedules, ordering in supplies- stuff like that. I started working there three years ago as a server.”

“Oh, sounds interesting. Are you doing ok there?” He gestured towards her crotch.

Jenny realized she had started rocking back and forth. It was getting painful to hold it. She briefly caught Yvonne urgently negotiating with the guy she had been talking to. Vanessa seemed to have better luck, as she was currently inviting her date under her dress to grant her some desperately needed relief. A curvy redhead behind the group was in tears, begging for someone to help her as she iron-gripped her womanhood with both hands.

“It’s getting really bad.” Jenny admitted. It was pointless to hide it any longer. She needed the toilet, badly.

“Do you want me to…”

Suddenly, they were interrupted by the redhead in the jungle-green dress. “Please help! I’m about to wet my panties!”

She had somehow hobbled over clutching her crotch. Her dress was hiked up and her pink cotton panties were visible through her clenched fingers. Jenny thought she could see dampness, but she wasn’t sure. Sid looked helplessly at his date, who shrugged.

“OK! Allow me!” He dropped down to his knees as the woman tried to lower her panties. It was too late. As she released her crotch, the dam burst and she soaked her undergarments. Sid scrambled back to his feet to avoid her flood as she sighed in relief. Her legs glistened with wetness as the massive waterfall continued to flow from her crotch, forming a giant lake at her feet. The room observed in awe as she finally finished wetting herself and was promptly led out of the party by Madame Piselle.

The accident had done nothing to help the other girls, Jenny included. She had almost finished her beer and now had her hand in her crotch. Vanessa, visibly relieved, had broken away from Yvonne and was lovingly flirting with the man who had been under her dress minutes earlier. Yvonne was letting the other guy fondle her breasts in the hopes that she too would be granted relief soon. However, Jenny could clearly see that he was eyeing Vanessa- she had likely been his goal all along.

Just then, Madame Piselle returned and announced that it was time for another drink. An audible groan arose- several women were on the verge of accidents. Nevertheless, everyone lined up again. Behind Sid and Jenny, Yvonne’s date promised her that he would relieve her after they got through the line. He expressed that he had to pee too, but he would help as long as she promised to continue being sexually generous with him.

Out of the corner of her eye, Jenny could see that Yvonne was really struggling to hold on. The dancing on the spot, the glisten of sweat on her face, the whiteness of her knuckles as they clutched her pussy- it all pointed to one thing. This woman was on the verge of disgracing herself. Jenny felt deep sympathy for her friend but her own plight was no minor matter. She tried to keep herself as composed as possible as she waited for the next alcoholic drink, white wine, to torture her strained young body.

Like a true gentleman, Sid got Jenny’s drink without prompt. He quickly directed his lady away from the bar to a quiet corner. As Yvonne reached for her glass, she lost the battle. With an audible gasp, she began urinating in her clothes. The area in front of the bar was rapidly covered in her puddle as her pee flowed through her red silk panties, her clenched fingers, and down her slim legs.

Sid tore his eyes away from the giant scene to set the drinks down on the tiled floor. He shut his eyes as he reached up under Jenny’s dress to grab her panties at the hips. She released her grip on her crotch so he could pull them down. With his eyes still closed, he asked her to direct her stream into his mouth.

“It’s okay- just open your eyes. Or I’m going pee all over you.”

Not being needed to be asked twice, he grabbed her butt and eased her feminine parts close to his open mouth. She couldn’t hold on a moment longer and released a powerful torrent. He dutifully swallowed her stream as she peed for a full minute, just managing to stop for a few seconds in the middle so he could take a breath.

As she finished peeing, she felt his tongue wiping her clean. Her knees nearly buckled from the pleasurable sensation. After the immense relief of finally emptying her deprived bladder, the sensation of his tongue on her clitoris was almost overwhelming. She was sure that if he continued licking, she would orgasm in a flat minute. He pulled her panties back up and handed her the glass of white wine as he rose to his feet.

Jenny couldn’t express her gratitude for what he had done for her. If not for him, she would have wet herself like Yvonne and been led out of the party in shame. He had saved her- without even being asked to! She graciously leaned towards him and kissed him on the lips. It backed him against a post and she pushed further, stepping so her body was grinding against his.

To her surprise, he broke off the kiss at that point and moved away from the post.

“What’s wrong?”

He brought the wine glass to his lips and took a quick sip. “Nothing, I’m just…”

Jenny looked at him curiously. He stood awkwardly, bouncing on the spot.

“Oh, you need to pee don’t you?”

He reddened. “Yeah, I do need to go. It’s hard with all these drinks and…”

It was Jenny’s turn to blush. “My pee. Can I help relieve you?”

It was only fair since he had saved her.

“N-no, you can’t. We are all wearing a chastity belt under our pants.” He gestured at his crotch.

Jenny realized she had completely ignored the ordeal the men were under! She had leisurely emptied her bladder into his mouth and now he would have to hold in all that liquid.

“I’m so sorry, Sidney. If I had known, I wouldn’t have…”

“No, it’s okay- I wanted you to stay. I was going to help the other lady too and I didn’t even know her!”

“I could have at least held in half…”

Sid dismissed her with a wave of his hand and continued talking about his family, friends, and hobbies. As they conversed, Jenny continued to experience a growing attraction towards him. The fact that his cock was caged up made things all the more exciting!

As they finished the white wine, several more women were led out of the room by Madame Piselle. The Filipino girl had grown desperate again and her date had tried his best to help. Unfortunately, he had peed his own pants whiling providing her relief a second time. They were escorted out together, but a second date seemed inevitable.

With the original crowd down to about half size and the entire ballroom floor glistening with wetness, the noise level dropped sharply. Almost everyone had their minds on their respective bladders. Despite Vanessa’s earlier success with her date, he certainly wasn’t offering to help her a second time. They were both visibly desperate arguing with each other.

“You’re no gentleman! A real man would give his woman what she needed no matter what!”

“Maybe if you tried to see things beyond your own selfish perspective. Then I might continue trying to help you, witch!”

“I don’t need your help anyway! You’re useless!” She looked over at his friend who had initially been chatting with Yvonne. He eagerly walked over and lifted Vanessa’s dress. Despite his own mounting desperation, he wasn’t going to pass up an opportunity to see this very attractive Latina’s pussy up close and personal.

“Some friend you are, asshole. Good luck getting anything from this selfish ho!” His friend desperately hobbled away to line up at the bar. He could sense Madame was about to announce another round of drinks.

Soon after accepting his drink, a vodka and orange juice, he soaked his pants. Five minutes later, his friend had also wet himself. True to prediction, Vanessa had not given him her contact information or even any second base privileges as Yvonne had. Jenny briefly felt badly about the situation- the boys’ friendship was probably toast and all they had to show for it were their wet pants.

However, her sympathy was quickly diverted to Sid. He was barely hanging on after gulping down his wine. He was repeatedly trying to grab his cock as he danced around trying to maintain conversation with Jenny. She was surprised he had held it that long- she was feeling a rapidly growing need again. She suddenly realized that he might be fearful of wetting himself in her company.

“Sid, just let it go.” She spoke softly into his ear. “I promise I won’t judge you.”

“A-are you sure? I’m such a baby- about to piss my pants like this!”

Jenny decided enough was enough- there was no point in him suffering any longer. She moved in close again to whisper in his ear. “Just let it go, babe- you know you want to. You know you have to. Think of waterfalls- always flowing. Gallons and gallons flowing down to the earth all the time.”

It was too much for poor Sid. His brown pants darkened immediately as a stream flowed into his shoes. His face burned in humiliation as the girl of his dreams watched him soak his pants. Madame Piselle returned to the ballroom after escorting yet another wet couple out and immediately strode over to deal with Sid. Thinking quickly, Jenny parted her legs and relaxed. She was surprised by the pleasant feeling of warm wetness filling her white cotton panties and then running down her legs to her feet. Overcome with the relief of emptying her severely weakened bladder again, Jenny had to actively fight the impulse of rubbing herself to a drunken orgasm in public. Together, Sid and her added to wetness on the floor as Madame patiently waited for them to finish.

As they were escorted away from the curious eyes of the ballroom, Madame Piselle congratulated them on a successful date together. She led them into a private toilet and gave Jenny a key to Sid’s chastity belt. Jenny eagerly undid his soiled pants to explore his male body. She finally had a boyfriend… and a great new hobby to explore with him.

*002*2020-08-11 15:13

A bit of two things, Lapis...

My first criterion was to create blind date situations where interaction was encouraged. Typically, men might feel pressured to approach the opposite gender, while women would naturally feel guarded/selective. However, in a date scenario where the men are blindfolded, the women have to be the ones approaching them and dictating how the night proceeds.

Second, it had to be a situation where Yvonne really wanted to partake again. Obviously, she likely didn't enjoy the second Madame Piselle date concept too much, so she won't be as eager to apply another time!

*004*2020-08-12 12:12

Well, the women had a lot more to drink and they weren't allowed to use a toilet (or pop a squat) either. They pretty much had to beg a man for help or soak their knickers over the course of a couple hours.

If a guy chose not to help any women, he could probably go quite a bit longer without an accident (no required drinking beforehand). It seems like a fair enough trade-off to work in a dating scenario.

