Might Is Merit II: The Contest of Containment

Author: Foxlover

*008*2021-12-02 23:33

CHAPTER 2: THE ISLAND

The shadows grew long as the day continued its transition into evening, with the golden beams of later afternoon melting into the brilliant scarlets of sunset. Melina stuck close to Orla as the troupe of orc women, some 40-odd strong, traipsed through the underbrush. Despite the normal light chatter, laughing and gentle roughhousing, Melina could tell there was a gentle tension in the air; most of the orcs had a stiffer gait than normal, and while she could no longer see their fronts from her position in the back of the formation, she was well aware of the slight but noticeable abdominal protrusions each orc was sporting.

She knew the orcs were renowned for their strength and fortitude in the face of such pressure, but she’d have thought they’d at least want to relieve themselves before such a journey… and now that she thought about it, memories of Khamina and Orla conspicuously cutting off their own streams back at the Rivenwelle outskirts rose to the front of her mind.

Before she could voice her thoughts, though, the procession stopped abruptly. Melina scurried out from behind the closest orc, trying to see what the hold up was.

There, a few yards away, carefully shrouded in tarp and stitched leaf covers, was a group of large, rough-hewn carriages, each much larger than the trade caravans Melina was used to seeing. For one, the wheels each appeared to be made of iron, rather than wood, and the large pewter chains hooking them together were bigger than any Melina had ever laid eyes on. At the front stood two gargantuan, russet-coated horses. They looked incredibly strong, which Melina supposed was necessary for the types of passengers they had, even if she still wondered how two horses would be able to pull an entire camp’s worth of orcs.

The orc women began to fan out, approaching the carriages, but instead of climbing in, they began loading chests and burlap sacks in before taking up positions beside it. By the time Orla and Melina reached the front, all three carriages were all but filled with food, weapons, and other various traveling supplies. There was enough room for her to fit in, and maybe Orla, but definitely not a full sized orc amazon.

“Fall in line!” Urza shouted from the head of the caravan. As Melina and Orla loaded their own supplies in, they saw Khamina and Malash walking up and down the length of the procession, corralling the others into neat rows on either side of the carriages and offering short huffs of beration at the lollygaggers.

“Oy, man-cub…” Khamina called to Melina. “You n’ milkweed are riding up front.” She murmured, jerking a large green thumb towards the frontmost carriage. Confused as to why she and Orla would be the only ones riding, but more than grateful to not have to walk to whatever their next destination was, Melina scurried up to the carriage with Orla in tow. As they clambered in, Melina noticed it was significantly less cluttered than the other two, giving them ample space to sit and move around. She elected to take the seat closest to the window, allowing her a direct look down on the orcs standing at attention. More often than not, the stiff ranks would see a ripple of fidgets from multiple orcs whenever they thought the Captains weren’t looking, and up close, Melina could see the slight but noticeable bulges in each orcish abdomen even more clearly.

“I don’t understand...” She murmured to Orla. “It looks like...everyone here could use a trip to the privy.”

Orla chuckled gently, her cloudy gaze turning towards Melina. “They *always* could use a trip to the privy…”

“You know what I mean.” Melina huffed. “If this journey is as long as you say it is, you’d think they’d empty themselves out beforehand…”

Orla blinked, her sightless eyes on Melina for a long while.

Melina frowned, growing somewhat uncomfortable with the clouded gaze. “...What?”

Orla blinked again before looking sheepish. “Oh, you’re serious…”

Melina frowned again, confused. “...What?”

Orla leaned forward, her hands clasped before her. “Orc women never pee the night before they leave for the Contest. It’s considered a vast disgrace to show up empty, and vaster disgrace still to voluntarily pee in front of another orc, *especially* from another tribe.”

Melina glanced back out to the procession, imagining all the orcs in the mess hall, pounding back stein after stein of ale in a deliberate bid to fill themselves up as much as possible before this journey, half the camp going to bed with full bladders only to wake up and pump themselves even fuller waiting for nightfall.

Swallowing to bring moisture back to her drying mouth, Melina turned back to Orla. “So...all of the orcs do this?”

Orla smiled, though Melina could see her legs rubbing gently against one another under her skirts. “All of us.”

“And they’re just going to hold it until the island?”

At this, Orla’s gentle smile became a smirk, and she leaned forward somewhat. “They’re going to hold it till they can’t.”

Melina felt a thrill go up her back, visions of a sea of piss-laden orcs all spurting into the dirt as they tried to keep their mammoth bladders from completely rupturing filling her mind’s eye.

“Right then…” Came Khamina’s gruff alto from outside. “Yeh all know the drill...stay in the procession. I don’t care if you feel like you’re gonna piss down your leg, you don’t break formation, got it?”

There was a general murmur of assent, though Melina could see a few orcs shuffle back and forth, dubious expressions on their faces.

Khamina nodded, turning to face back forward. “Right flank present and accounted for, Chief!” she called as she strode back towards the front.

“Left too!” Called Malash, coming round the back to rejoin her fellow Captain.

Melina poked her head out the window in time to see Urza nod, turning towards the shadowy trees. “On, then… we must reach the boats before the moon reaches its zenith. Khamina, Malash, up here with me.”

The two orcs did as instructed, sidling up to the front of the caravan. Soon as they were out of earshot, Melina heard a few of the orcs beside her grumbling.

“Hrmph, easy for her to say...I heard she pissed in that man-cub’s pot while she was gone, but she’s making us all hold it in…” one muttered.

“She’s the Captain. She ain’t got nothin’ t’ prove.” huffed the woman beside her.

“Hrng, don’t act like yeh ain’t ready to spill a corker in yer loincloth…” the first retorted.

“Oi! Shut up you too, I have to piss and you’re making it worse!” came a hiss from behind.

“We *all* have to piss, you idiot.” grumbled another orc a couple rows over. “Now shut it, the sooner we get underway, the sooner we reach those boats…”

Melina felt herself shivering from the orcs’ words...just how full were they? How much had they drank before getting into this formation? Would they be able to hold the entire hours-long journey to the boats?

The questions formed quickly in her mind, one after the other, until she was squirming with arousal.

Orla seemed to notice, only giggling a bit in response. “Told you they were all full.” She teased, grinning. “You’re in for a treat.”

Melina blushed at Orla’s wheedling, averting her gaze and settling back.

Just then, there was a forward command from Urza, and the carriages lurched as the horses began pulling them along. The orcs beside them began marching, and the caravan was officially underway.

For the better part of an hour, there was naught but the sound of the wheels trundling through the brush, the *whoosh* of wind through the brittle leaves, and the heavy footfalls of orc women marching alongside the carriage. Melina had been contemplating her lot...the only human to attend a sacred orc pee-holding competition...it filled her with both delight and dread. What if the other Orcs were even rougher than the Kh’raven? What if Chief Urza couldn’t protect her? A knot began forming in her stomach… she would have to be *very* careful in the coming week...

Trying to rid herself of the worrisome meditation, Melina’s eyes focused on Orla, who was sitting still, looking quite relaxed...it was clear that she was better off than her sisters-in-arms, having also been allowed a bit of relief where they had not.

“So…” Melina murmured, pulling the curtains shut to keep out the chill and mute their conversation. “Holding all the way to the island...do all the tribes do this?”

Orla nodded. “Though the orcs are spread across the world, we all hold a few basic traits in common. The shame of peeing in front of each other is one of them.”

Melina blinked. “So...they’re all just like the Kh’raven?”

Orla chuckled. “Oh, no. No, some of them look quite different than us… some smaller, some lager, some with strange and otherworldly features…”

Melina, her interest now piqued, leaned forward. “Really? Like what?”

Orla smiled. “Oh, in for a bit of history to pass the time?” She giggled. “Very well…”

She cleared her throat. “There are eight tribes in total, each controlling a different pocket of the land. The Kh’raven are forest dwellers, as you might imagine, but not all Orcs are. Some make their home on the craggy shores of the Iron Sea, for instance, and others still live in the snow-capped mountains far from here. I’ve even heard of a tribe of Orcs that live in a palace above a waterfall.” She whispered conspiratorially.

Melina tried to picture the raucous, rambunctious Orcs she knew living in such a sophisticated manner. She couldn’t.

Licking her lips, Orla continued. “We actually don’t have much contact with the other tribes, but, we all share the same faith and the same precepts, so we all know to go to the Island whenever the Contest happens.”

Melina nodded. “And so...you all just get together and… hold it?” She murmured. “Like...a festival?”

Orla tapped her chin. “Well...yes and no. The Contest is an important social event for Orcs...a time for us to interact with others of our kind, build camaraderie, settle grudges and blood debts, etc.” She murmured with an odd nonchalance. “Through it all, every Orc is expected to contain herself, as is expected of our kind, but it's only the Chiefs who compete. It’s set up like a tournament; each day, two Chiefs will compete against one another. The winner of that match will battle the winner of the other match, and so on and so forth till two Chiefs are left standing. The whole island then gathers to watch them battle, and...I’m told the resultant floods are *quite* spectacular…” She finishes with a bit of a breathless coo.

Melina was feeling a little flush, too, listening to Orla’s explanations. Delicious thoughts of a menagerie of writhing orcs available for her viewing pleasure, the alchemist in her was beside herself thinking about the wealth of knowledge such a gathering would allow her. Orcs from all over had to have knowledge of reagents she’d never even heard of...Arwen was right. This was going to be a most invaluable experience...in multiple senses of the word. It was these thoughts that danced cheekily in her head, even as she leaned against the side of the carriage, slowly closing her eyes...

~

“Hnnnmh…”

Melina blinked herself awake, rubbing at her eyes as her ear picking up a faint whimper from outside the carriage. Pushing aside the curtains, she peered out into the dim shadowy dusk. A few of the Kh’raven had been given torches to light the path of the procession, and one of said torch-bearers was right outside the carriage window.

It looked, however, that her flame was flickering, buffeting about in the wind… but upon closer inspection, it was the woman who couldn’t keep straight, rather than her flame.

“Oi, quit jerkin’ around, you’ll make the flame go out!” The orc next to her hissed.

“...I-I’m tryin, b-but….gods, I gotta piss *so* fuckin’ bad…”

“What, this again? I told yeh an hour ago, you’re not the only one keen t’ lift leg, so cut yer whinin!”

Even as she reprimanded her sister-in-arms, though, Melina could see her hand dart between her own legs, briefly illuminated by the firelight.

“M-maybe if I just pull my loincloth aside-”

“Hell no! Yeh ain’t finna get your piss all over us!”

“B-but I’m busting! I gotta...gotta take the edge off…”

“You’d better fuckin’ hold it, or I’ll shove me fist straight up yer tainthole!”

The first orc whimpered in submission, but Melina could see her gait get jerkier and jerkier by the moment… and she wasn’t alone. All up and down the procession, she could see breaks in composure, spider-webbing up and down the lines like cracks appearing in stone. Not surprising, considering how all of them had been going nearly a day without a piss…

“Sounds like they’re in trouble…” Orla murmured, craning to listen to the grumbles from outside. Melina couldn’t help but notice how closely the orcish alchemist’s legs were pressed together… perhaps she was beginning to once again feel the effects of having not fully emptied her own bladder all those hours ago.

Just then, there was another grunt.

“N-no...no no no…” the same orc whimpered.

“Oh, what is it now?” her line-mate hissed.

“C-can’t...can’t hold it…”

“You...you’d better not…”

“Nnghgg...”

And come it did. Not even a second later, a short hiss assailed Melina’s ears as the poor orcess spurted into her loincloth. She shivered as pee cascaded down her legs, steam wafting into the cold air. Even so, she continued with the march, refusing to break ranks and jamming a hand into her sopping womanhood to try and keep the rest at bay.

“Ar you...are you pissing yourself?” Hissed another orc from beside her.

The first orc only gulped, shuddering as another squirt forced itself past her fingers and onto the grass with a wet splatter.

“Oi, stop that!” hissed the orc next to her.

“I...I can’t!” The first whimpered back. “I can’t...I can’t stop it…”

The orc shuddered one final time...A louder, longer his filled the air as the orc woman lost the battle with her bladder completely, gushing forth a day’s worth of hot, acrid piss finally broke free of its containment, streaming down her legs and completely saturating both her loincloth and the grass round her feet. A few gasps and huffs of disgust went up from the ranks as the woman voided the contents of her bladder all over the ground they’d eventually have to walk on.

Melina’s heart beat a little faster in her chest at this first casualty of this whole ordeal, but before she could even process it, another hiss filled the air.

“D-dammit, look at what you fucking made me do!” The derisive orc from earlier spat as her own loincloth quickly became soaked with her own involuntary squirts of urine. She groaned, gripping at her crotch with all of her considerable strength, but it did nothing to stem the tide.

Melina’s eyes widened as the dire need for relief spread throughout the ranks like wild fire...a few of the orcs around the initial accident found themselves gripping between their legs with all their might, trying not to become another casualty, while those closest couldn’t help but squirt golden jets into the dirt.

A moment later, there was a shout from the front of the caravan, and the whole procession stopped as Chief Urza herself stepped out from in front, marching back towards the pod of orcs whose bladders had begun to fail them.

As she loomed over the other orcs, Melina couldn’t help but remember just how imposing Urza was without her husband next to her to dwarf her.

The Orcish Chieftain sniffed at the air, wrinkling her nose. “Weakness...that’s what I smell.” She hissed, glaring at the shameful orcs. “Is this the sorry sapsot lot I’m to bring before the other tribes? Is this my legacy as Chief, a bevy of snivelling handmaids with thimbles for bladders? Is it!?”

The orcs answered with muted mumbles, their heads lowered in deference even as a few orcish legs continued to twist about and against one another. The Chief gave them all one last glare before stalking back up to the front of the caravan.

The orcs waited until she was gone before rounding on the first orc.

“Now look, yeh got us all in trouble!”

“Yer lucky she ain’t punish us, or you’d be gettin’ it good!”

“Hey, yeh don’t look half bad all soaking like that...wanna kiss when we get to the boats?”

Melina quickly leaned back inside, shutting the curtains once again and swallowing. Her eyes turned back to Orla, who was gently biting her lip, her legs rubbing against one another.

“...Orla?” Melina murmured, causing the orcess to blush. “They...Hearing them pee kind of, um…” She murmured, her blush darkening as she rubbed her thighs together even more.

Melina was beginning to feel the barest sensations of her own bladder filling, though they weren’t nearly dire enough for her to act on them, not with the Chief in the mood she was.

Luckily for her, the caravan only traveled for another half hour before breaking the tree line onto a secluded beach. Moonlight, clear and bright, shone brilliantly onto the assorted orcs, reflecting off of the gently lapping tides with silvery radiance. A small fleet of carved longships spanned the shore, creaking gently as their back halves bobbed in the waves.

The Chief turned, looking over at her underlings again. “We sail now for the Isla Orcan. And on my word, the next of you to let out even a drop of piss will be scrubbing the privy for a month when we return.” She hissed before nodding at Khamina and Malash to get the company divvied up into the boats.

Melina and Orla dismounted the caravan as the orcs began separating themselves into smaller groups and getting on each long ship.

“Oi, man cub…” Khamina muttered, gazing at Melina. “You’n Orla’ll be with us, Ghora, Ognild and th’ Chief. Center boat, with the fancy boar’s head on it, can’t miss it.” She muttered, before stalking off to assist with the rest of the loading.

Melina watched the woman’s retreating back before turning to Orla. “Erm...well, shall we?” She murmured.

The two made their way to the center boat. Orla, being taller, had to help Melina scale the wooden hull, but they managed to get in without much incident. A few moments later, they were joined by the others, including the Chief.

“Ah, young Melina… hopefully the trip has been a pleasant one thus far? You’ll have to excuse the less-than-appropriate behaviors of my kin...Orcs are strong, but we’re not the most disciplined bunch.” She murmured with a sigh. She nodded over to Malash, who raised a hatchet to cut the rope binding the longship to the beach, and immediately they lurched away from the shore. The sails unfurled, catching the wind and carrying them even more quickly out to see.

As they sailed, Melina couldn’t help but peer at Urza. The woman was every bit the model of noble countenance Melina had remembered, stock still but with an air of regality that left no question as to who was in charge.

“So… you’re going to compete? Against these other Chiefs?” Melina asked.

Urza turned to the girl, nodding. “Tis my right and my duty to represent my tribe in the Contest of Containment. In preparation, I too have denied myself the relief my subordinates so brazenly succumbed to on our journey here…” She huffed in annoyance. “And as you can see...I am maintaining myself in a manner fitting of my station, and my nation.”

Melina’s eyes dropped to the bulge in the Chief’s own abdomen, easily as large as any she’d seen in the orcs on the way up here, but the Chief didn’t even appear slightly uncomfortable.

The Chief followed Melina’s gaze, nodding. “After our...encounter, I subjected myself to even more rigorous training to shore up my weakness. More ale, less time between visits to the privy. I’ve spent the better part of the last six months bursting to pee, and on the rare occasion I did let loose, I had to leave the encampment to avoid flooding the privy.”

She spoke so drily about it, Melina almost forgot about how absolutely titillating the Chief’s words were.

She swallowed, wrapping her arms round herself. “I...did it...what about your...you know…” She murmured, trying her best to be delicate about her insinuation.

“My cock?” The Chief asked bluntly, turning back to Melina. “Been on your mind, has it?”

Her face remained impassive, but Melina swore she could see the barest hint of a smirk on her lips. “After your visit, and following a discussion with my husband, I’ve allowed myself some...further indulgence in that regard. You were right… I had some very willing subjects ready to assist me…” Behind her, both Ghora and Ognild blushed, lowering their heads as they continued paddling. The Chief took a deep breath. “Let me tell you, man cub, there’s nothing quite like a romp in the sheets when you’re aching to piss a quart.” She murmured.

Now, she was *definitely* smirking.

After what seemed like hardly any time at all, Malash stood up on the bow, scanning the horizon. “Chief…” She called, turning to Urza and pointing out into the sea. “Land ho!”

Melina sidled up to the side of the boat, leaning over the side and squinting. She could just make out a dark smudge against the inky navy blue of sky and sea...and the further they went, the larger it got, until it manifested into a massive landmass that appeared overgrown with vegetation, at least from the outside, towering over the orcish ships as they approached. Two large jagged rocks jutted up from either side of a narrow channel leading to a small cove, becoming larger and larger the closer they got. Melina craned her head to look up at them, unable to shake the notion that with their placement, they almost looked like orcish tusks.

As the boats beached on the foreign shores, Khamina strode up next to the Chief, frowning. “We can’t be the first here…?”

The Chief held up a hand to silence her, her eyes darting around. “No...Listen…”

Melina craned her neck, straining to hear anything above the gentle rush of the waves or creaking of the boats...but suddenly, through the white noise, she could just make out a strain of laughter, and an echoing, far off din that sounded as though it were coming from deeper inland.

The Chief snorted, turning to Khamina. “Make ready to dismount.”

A few moments later, the whole of the Kh’raven had dropped into the sand with no small amount of groaning as the impact rippled through what bladders were still taut and completely unrelieved, and forcing a spurt or two from those that were unable to withstand the shock.

The Chief led them single file into the tropical thicket, each squirmy orc following her and doing her best to either not piss, or not piss any more.

After a few minutes they emerged into the heart of the island, and as Melina came around the Chief’s side, her eyes widened.

They had emerged at the top of what appeared to be a sprawling ringed crater, with the center looking to be some sort of stadium; slatted seats all curving downward into a pitch filled with sand. Melina figured that's where the matches would take place. Various tents were set up around the stadium, save for one empty section that Melina assumed would be for the Kh’raven, and multiple bonfires dotted the landscape, giving the entire scene a rather vibrant hue. What was more, there appeared to be a river running through the habitable section of the ring, snaking through each tribe’s section of the encampment. Looking down, Melina could see there were stone stairs leading down to the main dirt road into the encampment, which itself fed the solitary bridge over the river, into the stadium, and out again towards the far side of the island, sloping up into what appeared to be the verdant mountains they’d spied from their boats.

The rest of the present orcs appeared to be looking about in awe themselves, swollen bladders momentarily forgotten.

Urza leads the orcs down the steps and towards the encampment ring, having sequestered those who’d lost control and pissed to the back of the procession, so as not to embarrass the tribe. As they got closer, Melina could see other orcs moving about, carrying things to and fro or simply lounging by the fire, having a drink. Instead of the jade green she was used to, Melina saw a myriad of colors...ice blue, turquoise, even obsidian black skin on the orcs currently cavorting about the sandy camps.

“...Wow…” She murmured, peering around. Khamina noticed her wide-eyed expression, smirking. “Try not t’ ogle too much, man-cub, not all o’ these other orcs are as friendly as we are.” She chuckled, giving Melina a toothy grin as she strode past.

Orla came up next to Melina, her grayed eyes flitting around as she bit her lip. “...This is one of the moments I wish I could see…” She breathed.

Melina followed Urza farther towards the ring; it was much larger up close than it had been from the top of the stairs, and she could see that each tribe had all but built small warcamps along the banks of the river, consisting of large tents meant for Chiefs, and a surrounding collection of tents for their underlings. Each one appeared to be made of different materials, from stitched leathers and animal skins on sticks, to assorted furs and wools, to even what looked to be silk and satin with gossamer curtains.

As they reached their camping spot, Melina took the opportunity to fully take in their surroundings. “You weren’t lying…these other orcs *are* different...” Melina murmured as she watched a stark-naked orc with skin the color of coal walk by, her pneumatic frame jiggling gently as she regarded Melina with an air of irritation, causing the young alchemist to quickly avert her gaze.

Orla elbowed Melina, huffing. “Well? Tell me what you’re seeing!”

Melina swallowed, clearing her throat sheepishly as she remembered her friend’s handicap. “Right, well, um… This orc lady just walked by, her skin was the color of midnight…”

“Let me guess…” Orla murmured, a small smirk on her face. “She was quite voluptuous.”

Melina blushed, but she nodded. “Quite…”

“Those have to be the Az’kal. Pretty aggressive by nature, but I’ll tell you, you won’t find a finer smith or craftswoman anywhere… It was them that built this stadium, you know, not to mention the bridge and steps...carved this island out into what it is.”

Melina nodded, her gaze continuing around until her eyes settled on a couple orcs in the camp next to them, both clad in little more than silvery shawls of wolf-skin, with loin cloths and brassieres of similar material. Their skin was icy blue, and their tightly-braided hair a shocking silvery white. They were surrounding what looked to be a centaur… the poor lass was cantering about nervously as the two orcs harassed her. “Those blue orcs you mentioned…” She murmured.

Orla nodded. “The Uza-lehk. They live the farthest north, in the Snowlands. Guess all that time in isolation dulled their social graces...they can make the most insensitive jokes, especially about eating non-orcs.”

Given the bared teeth and the exaggerated licking of lips the leering orcs were displaying towards the horsewoman, Melina guessed Orla was probably right. “They’re...they’re bullying her…” She huffed. “That centaur…”

Orla blinked. “Centaur? ...Oh, she must be a guest of a Chief, like you… Don’t worry, they aren’t *actually* going to eat her, Orc custom forbids harming any guest of a Chieftain.”

Melina set her jaw, watching the two orcs send the centaur off with a hearty slap on her rear, cackling to themselves. “Still…” She muttered. “Oi, move yer arse or I’m runnin’ it over…” Came a grunt as Malash pushed past the pair, carrying two large sacks of supplies on each shoulder to the Kh’raven campsite.

“Could stand to be a little nicer, Mally…” Khamina huffed, carrying her own sack. “Don’t mind her… she’s just cranky cause her widdle bwadder is full…” She cooed, smirking at Malash.

Malash shot Khamina a dirty look, snarling. “Keep talkin’ and I’ll show you how full I am…”

She paused, reddening as she realized the implications of her words. “Uh, wait, no, I didn’t-”

But Khamina only smirks, sidling up to Malash and planting a kiss on the flustered orc’s lips before setting her own sack down to continue helping set up the camp.

Being smaller, Melina and Orla just did their best to stay out of the way as the Kh’raven set up their camp… they passed the time with Orla filling Melina in with more information about the different orc tribes, from the giant, somewhat dim but well meaning Khe’Vath to the studious, slender, white-robed Shi’Mah. She was told the Gor’bahk tribe was the most similar to the Kh’raven, with a high sense of honor and a fair sense of humor, kinder to outsiders than most other races were. Melina blushed somewhat as Orla recounted the saucy history of M’Zurah women, a fair deal of whom were “well-endowed” like the Chief, though they were quite open about it. Orla finished the lesson by telling her to steer clear of the tall, savage Mor’uhk, the only tribe whose Endurance Matches had ever ended in a fatality.

By the end, Melina’s head was spinning...she had no idea that Orcish kind could have such a diverse breadth of cultures, it was almost too much to take in.

“Young Melina…”

Chief Urza’s voice cut through Melina’s musings, the jade-skinned amazon striding up to Melina, bearing her pack as her subjects continued to toil on the camp. Melina couldn’t help but notice a few of them glance her way to make sure the Chief’s back was turned before squeezing themselves between the legs or allowing themselves some spirited rump bouncing as they all fought to maintain their holds on their swollen and ripened bladders.

Swallowing, the young alchemist pulled her attention back to the Chief, looking up at her.

“I’m off to meet with the other Chieftesses, but first, I want to show you where you’ll be staying.” She murmured, handing Melina her belongings.

Melina frowned, her forehead wrinkling in confusion. “Am I...not staying here with you all?” She asked, uneasiness in her chest as she imagined trying to fend for herself in this encampment of strange orcs.

Urza shook her head. “Treasured guest as you might be, the Contest of Containment is still a sacred ritual for Orc kind… There are rites and customs we must perform of which you have no place in. As such, you will be staying under the stadium, with the other non-Orcs who’ve accomplished your incredible feat of besting an Orcish Chieftain in combat.”

She pointed towards the bridge over the river, where Melina could just make out two large wooden doors on the other side, slightly hidden by overgrown vines.

Melina didn’t know how to feel about separating from the Kh’raven, but she nodded, turning to Orla. “Come on, we can-”

“Orla will remain here, with the rest of the Kh’raven.” The Chief interrupted, her eyes focused on Melina. “The sanctum under the stadium is for outsiders alone. Come, I will take you to the door…”

Melina swallowed, glancing at Orla, who offered as reassuring a smile as she could. “Don’t worry, Mel…” She murmured, trying out the nickname for the first time. “I’ll see you tomorrow for the first match…”

Melina nodded, the orcess’s words calming her anxiety somewhat. She took a deep breath and turned back to Chief Urza. “Let’s go.”

The pair set off down the road towards the bridge, taking care not to intrude on any other orcs’ camps. Melina had to jog a bit to keep up with Urza’s stride, but even from here she could see the sizable bulge in both the Chief’s abdomen and loincloth, cluing Melina in to both her full bladder and the extra endowment she kept hidden away.

As they came to the door, Urza looked down at Melina, who still looked apprehensive. “Do not fear, young Melina…” She chuckled. “They will not hurt you. I will fetch you in the morning... Oh, and do try to make friends. This *is* a time for community, after all.” She murmured, a barest hint of a smile on her face as she pats Melina’s shoulder before turning and striding briskly away.

Melina watched her go before turning back to the door. Sweeping an errant hair out of her eyes, she took a deep breath and pushed them open.

Expecting an empty stone chamber, Melina was quite surprised to see what looked like a spacious common room. There was an assortment of bearskin rugs surrounding a central fire pit, with small wooden benches propped up around it, perfect for warming oneself by the flames. The walls were tacked with various orcish banners from each tribe, and against the very back was a curved bookcase similar to the one Melina had back home. She could even see a number of fine scientific instruments atop it, right next to mounted scimitars and polished ornate meadhorns. From her vantage point she could see four other doors, presumably leading to private chambers.

What was most surprising, though, was that this common area was already occupied. Two figures were seated near the fire, roasting something delicious smelling over it while chatting idly before turning to her.

One appeared to be an elf, with tanned skin and hair like wheat. Her vibrant cerulean eyes shone with bubbly affability, and long, slender ears poked out either side of her head, bouncing gently as she nodded along to whatever conversation she was having. She was clad in a simple whie tunic and long, calf-high woven sandals, with a simple wool cloak adorning her shoulders.

The other was...Melina didn’t even know how to describe her except *beautiful*. A pale perfectly heart-shaped face, with almond-shaped eyes, a button nose, and full, pouty, almost bee-stung lips. She appeared to be dressed in what looked like a noblewoman’s evening gown that hugged her statuesque curves, save for an almost completely bare back and a slit up the side that allowed her to cross one slender leg over the other as she offered Melina a languid smirk, beckoning her further in with a crook of her finger. Melina felt her body move almost against her will, the woman’s smoldering gaze pulling her further inside.

“Hi there!”

Melina’s enthralled gaze was broken by the interjection of the elf, waving emphatically. “You must be the fourth Champion! I’m Tihli!” She gushed, bouncing out of her seat and extending her hand to Melina, who took it.

“Er...Hi… I’m Melina.” She murmured, a small smile on her face; this elven girl’s energy was truly infectious.

“Melina...what a lovely name.” cooed the other woman in a rich, smooth, accented alto, like foreign wine over stone. “I am called many things… Temptress, she-devil, Mistress...but you seem like a properly non-judgmental young lady, so you may call me ‘Villia’.” She said, extending her own hand. Melina swallowed, noting just how sharp the woman’s obsidian nails were as she carefully took the hand.

The woman laughed, a throaty chuckle that made Melina’s heart flutter. “Honestly child, I’m not going to bite you… unless you ask nicely, of course.” She flashed her pearly white teeth at Melina, winking and chuckling again at the young alchemist’s reddened features.

Tihli cocked her head, peering at Melina. “You’re...you look human.” She observed, frowning. “But that can’t be right, a human couldn’t beat an orc in a holding contest, could they? Why, their bladders are so small compared to an orc it might as well-”

“Now now, Tihli, don’t be so hasty to draw conclusions.” Villa drawled, still smiling at Melina. “Humans are a resourceful bunch, there’s a reason there’s so many of their cities everywhere. Plus, this one’s cute as a button, perhaps she simply charmed her way here.”

Melina felt her mouth dry a bit as she gazed upon the woman again, and she had to swallow to speak. “I-...what do you mean, ‘them’? Are you- you’re not human?”

Villia *actually* laughed at that, throwing her head back and shaking her shoulders, causing her plump, generous bosom to bounce in time with her laughter. “Oh no, my dear girl…”

Melina blinked. “I- but- then what are you?”

The woman smirked. “Isn’t it obvious?” She murmured, reaching up and poking at the tiny twin horns protruding from under her raven black curls. “I’m a succubus.”

Noting Melina’s arm, the woman held up a hand. “Now, before you get all stuffy and ready to burn me at the stake or some nonsense, I already promised my Chief I’d be on my best behavior. Besides, I require a… very specific sort of essence to feed on, one which you are certainly not equipped to provide.” She smirked, her gaze flitting for an instant to Melina’s crotch. “Ah, but speaking of ‘equipped’...” She turned to the back of the room, where Melina was startled to see a large looming creature in the shadows. The fact that she hadn’t noticed such an imposing figure was a testament to Villia’s captivating figure.

Slowly, the figure emerged into the firelight, and Melina instantly recognized her as the centaur from earlier. Now that she was close up, she could see that she was quite pretty...the torso of a young woman around Melina’s age, with soft, freckled features and long, auburn hair that fell gently around her face. Her bottom half was that of a regular mare, with her glossy coat being the same color as her hair.

She cantered forth shyly, one arm under a perky, sumptuous bosom as she grasped her other one nervously.

“H-hi…” She whispered almost inaudibly. “I, erm...I’m Suzerane…”

Villia clucked her tongue. “Stop all that hiding, girl, and come around so young Melina can see what I’m talking about.”

Suzerane blushes and quickly shakes her head, retreating further into herself. “I-I can’t...it’s embarrassing…” She whines.

Villia scoffed. “Embarrasing? We’re all here because we managed to hold our bladders while our respective Chiefs were pissing down their legs, I think we’ve moved past ‘embarrasing’.”

Despite her wheedling, Suzerane seemed resolute in her decision to stay in her little corner.

Villia huffed, but she looked unwilling to press matters further as she turned back to Melina. “Well, there you have it, our motley crew. A dagger-ear, a hellbitch, and a tasty orc morsel.” She smirked over at Suzerane, who swallowed and shook a little...Melina immediately felt bad for her.

“A stranger set of folks you’ve never laid eyes on, no?” Villia tittered. “And, in the spirit of new friends…”

She waved her hand through air, flicking her wrist and causing a crystal bottle to appear in her hand, full of a dark, rich liquid. She flicked her other hand, and four glasses of the same crystal appeared. “It’s sober as a church in here, and trust me, I would know. Come, young Melina...Eat, drink, be merry, as it were.”

She poured each of them a drink, handing cups off before pouring one for herself. Melina took one, handing it back to Suzerane so she wouldn’t have to come closer. The centaur takes the cup, shooting Melina a timid but grateful smile as the latter takes a seat across from Tihli...Despite the succubus’s imposing presence, Melina was beginning to feel more at ease; none of these women seemed particularly threatening, at the very least. Villia sawed them all off some meat from the roasted animal in the pit, pulling a bit of bread and some fruit out of her own pack to share.

As they ate, they all began to engage in some small talk, the fire and the liquor beginning to loosen them all up a little.

“So, erm…” Melina murmured, looking around. “You all outlasted an orc too?”

Tihli and Villia looked at one another before the latter looked back at Melina. “In a manner of speaking.” She murmured, smirking. “We all found ourselves in situations similar to yours, I’m sure...ran afoul of one of these beautiful behemoths, and the only way out was through one of these odd Endurance Matches. Suffice to say, an orcish bladder is quite a formidable foe...I don’t think I’ve ever had to relieve myself so badly in my considerable years.” She tittered. “But… circumstances as they were, I came out victorious. No need to rehash the gritty details, not on our first night...I’m sure we’ll have plenty of time to regale one another with stories as this week progresses...if we haven’t all drowned in orc piss by then.” She added with a wink, taking a sip from her cup.

The four chatted idly for another hour or so, until the hour grew late enough that Melina, Tihli and Suzerane looked close to dozing off.

Villia, being beyond the need for sleep, smirked gently. “Ah, I suppose you three should kip off to bed.” She murmured with an almost motherly affection. “Tomorrow I imagine there’ll be more mingling to be done, now that all the tribes are here, but tonight? Rest.”

The succubus floated up to her own feet, looking over at Melina. “Melina, dear, your chambers are right through there, next to Suzerane…” She murmured, pointing at the second door from the front.

Melina nodded, getting to her feet. “See you all in the morning…” She murmurs, grabbing her things and heading towards the door.

It does not lead to a room, as she thought, but a small set of stairs that curve upward into a slatted loft that appears situated right beneath the stadium bleachers. Moonlight streams in through a slotted window, illuminating the spartan accommodations; a simple but spacious bed, a large trunk in which to place one’s belongings, and strangely, a chamber pot. Melina considered using it, but even with all the alcohol, she still hardly felt an urge, and sleep looked vastly more appealing to her than relief.

Shrugging, she set her things down, slipping out of her traveling clothes and into her nightgown before climbing in bed and settling down. After a day of traveling, the bed was nice, and she already felt herself drifting off…

In her dreams, Melina found herself in a dark, misty forest. A strange blue light suffused everything, and all she could see were the shapes of the trees through the fog.

Suddenly, a figure steps out of the haze...a powerful, female figure, nude save for a wovenroot crown on top of her head. Melina couldn’t see her face, but she appeared to be trying to speak to her...but the more she spoke, the hazier she got...suddenly, the dream exploded into gold, illuminating the figure for a split second. She was green, well muscled, with dark hair descending down past her callipygian ass.

She was an orc!

Melina tried to look upon the orc woman’s face, but was suddenly assailed by a burning in her abdomen so intense, she woke with a start. Feeling the pressure crest between her thighs, she leapt out of bed and squatted over the pot just as a torrent of piss burst from her trembling flower, roping into the pot with extreme force. She peed nearly a full minute before she finally dripped dry, breathing heavily… What had just happened? She’d gone from mild need to bursting within moments...and who was that woman? There was something...special about her, Melina could feel it, but with her bladder empty, she felt sleep trying to pull her back into its clutches already.

Pushing the strange dream out of her mind, Melina climbed back into bed, closing her eyes again, hoping the rest of her sleep would be uneventful...

TO BE CONTINUED….
