Avery's Apartment

Author: FUBOT

*002*2019-08-20 09:08

This is the first and maybe only story I did from the POV of one of the monster boys. In this case, it is from Ivan's point of view.

Avery's Apartment: Chapter P2

Work Delay (With Ivan and Avery)

Ivan stood on the corner by a clean white house. The little suburban road was quiet, only the occasional car passing by. Most of the traffic was moms in yoga pants giving him dirty looks as they jogged past.

At least, with the temperature dropping, he didn’t look nearly as weird in his coat. He had on two layers, plus his hat down low, and a scarf wrapped tight around his face. All together he looked practically allergic to being chilly. In reality, he just couldn’t risk someone realizing that if they tried to look him in the eyes, they would see through to the back of his hat.

He pretended to look at his phone, occasionally looking up at the house across the street. There was a car in the parking lot, a sexy red piece that had pulled in a half hour ago.

Usually, he got work because people just don’t trust each other. One guy thinks his wife is a little too happy despite the fact they haven’t done the nasty for a few weeks, and Ivan follows the missus for a while before reporting back that it was all nothing and their marriage was safe. Well, besides their complete lack of trust.

Except this time. Ivan was preparing to leave the place when a sports car pulled up, and a man in a trashy tracksuit jumped out. So now he was watching the windows for any kind of proof to take back to his client.

A bleep came from his phone, and he saw a text from Avery pop up. Ivan felt his chest tighten for a moment. He didn’t even need to open it to know she was pissed. The preview read ‘where are you?’

He went to reply, taking a look around before removing his glove and typing with one invisible hand, ‘jobs gone long be there soon’.

With a swipe he closed it. Avery wanted to help him search through some files a client had in an old office building on the edge of town. No matter how many times he told her it was a stupid idea, that she didn’t know what she was doing, and that clingy didn’t look good on her, she insisted. She kept trying to pry into his business. Even if the help was nice, it was only a matter of time before she asked some questions she didn’t like the answer to, and got mad at him for telling the truth.

Happened before with old man Avery, and she was just him with a nicer butt, and a mean streak.

Ivan shook that thought out of his head.

Another text. He let out a sigh and popped it open. It said, ‘freezing and you have the key’.

Then right after she sent another one, ‘hurry up’.

Didn’t she know he had a job to do? He shot her a quick, ‘ok’ and looked up to the windows again. It was still broad daylight, so the odds of someone doing something dumb by their windows was reduced. If the client didn’t have an alarm system, he would have gone inside. Unfortunately, he didn’t get access to the building, so he was stuck looking like a weird stalker. Well he was a stalker. He was just being paid for it.

Sometimes though, people were complete morons, and managed to get themselves in trouble. He could see movement behind the curtains of the living room window, and he pulled out his phone and opened the camera. He tried to look relaxed, he didn’t want them to see him taking snaps.

Soon the door opened. It was the track suit man, his jacket off and in his hands now. He had the most satisfied grin on his face, definitely a guy who just got his rocks off. Before he could walk out, a woman’s hand grabbed him and dragged him back behind the door. The wife leaned out and gave him a kiss, and Ivan snapped a few rapid shots. She waved goodbye, and the man walked backward while saying something he couldn’t make out from across the street.

Ivan got all of it before the guy jumped back into his sports car. He was going to take a picture of him driving away, but then he noticed a call coming through.

His phone was on silent, for obvious reasons, but that didn’t stop Avery from trying to ruin his investigation. He denied the call, and then watched the windows to see if anything more was going to happen. The door was shut, the blinds closed. He had enough for now, that would get him paid, even if it didn’t bode well for some poor schmucks wedding vows.

Ivan walked down the block toward the bus stop. It wasn’t a long ride to Avery, then she could yell at him for a little bit, and then he would get back to work.

A voicemail notification came up, and he called into his messages.

“Ivan, come on where the hell are you? It is freezing out here!” she grumbled in the message. He could hear her moving around, almost like she was pacing. There was the scratching sound of her moving the phone from ear to ear, and she was practically hissing at him. “Did you know all the businesses around here are shut down? There’s not even somewhere I can go to sit down and wait. I swear if you left me out here on purpose I’m going to fu-.”

She stopped, and there was the sound of a car coming by. She sounded more pissed than he expected. Her voice came back, higher and softer this time, “Just hurry, okay? Please.”

That was the end of the message.

She sounded a little strange. He sent her a text, ‘omw now’.

He tried to think about what could be going on. The office wasn’t in the best neighborhood. It was possible she was just scared. Not a lot of daytime crime in that area though, she was worried for nothing. Plus, he knew from experience she could defend herself pretty well if someone tried to perv on her.

There wasn’t much he could do. He didn’t drive, not after the last time he almost got pulled over. Not easy explaining to a police officer why you won’t look them in the eye. That was a bullet he didn’t want to dodge again. The bus would be there soon enough.

Maybe she was just that cold. Knowing her she probably wore some shorts or one of those little skirts of hers to go out. As much as he liked those smooth little legs of hers, she had a bad habit of leaving them out even when the weather was against her. She probably didn’t like being constricted in jeans. Which was a little hypocritical considering how often she made him put on pants.

The bus was pulling up, and Ivan brought his hat down low as he jumped on and threw some coins in. He grabbed the transfer slip and moved to the back.

Another text, ‘Ivan. hurry.’

He shook his head, ‘Yeah let me just jack the bus. lol’

He sat back and tried to close his eyes and relax, but then another text came in.

‘Not funny, jackass.’

He tossed back a winky face, and then looked at the time. He would be there within twenty minutes. Less if the bus didn’t have a lot of people to pick up.

Ivan’s phone chimed again, and he pulled it out and saw the preview, ‘I hate you. If I…’

He opened it, and he had to suppress a laugh at the full message. ‘If I piss myself because you can’t be on time I’ll kill you’.

That was the one angle he didn’t expect. She was just mad because she had to pee. No wonder she was doing all that fussing in her messages. Wow, just like a woman to dance around instead of doing something about it. Ivan shook his head.

He wrote back, ‘go to the burger joint down the street idiot’.

There wasn’t even a chance for him to put his phone away before he got back, ‘tried’ and then ‘closed’.

It was the middle of the day though. He replied, ‘at 2?’

‘Closed down boarded up!’

Okay, that was unexpected. He really liked the burgers there, and they had those real milkshakes that were so thick you almost needed a spoon. Plus it meant the next nearest place was so far away she might as well have jumped on a bus as well. The rest of the neighborhood was a bunch of boarded up shops and little offices for real estate agents and advertising companies.

He thought for a minute, then sent her back, ‘Isn’t there an alley over there?’

‘Gross’ she replied fast.

‘Better than ruining your skirt?’

He was getting close now. Ivan scooted over to the window, and looked out. It was a bit of a walk over to her from the stop.

‘You watching me?’ She asked, ‘Ivan!’

Despite the situation, he had to laugh. Seemed he was accurate about the skirt. Plus it was easy to see how desperate she was from the tone of her texts. They were getting shorter, angrier. She probably had one hand shoved between her thighs, holding herself while she typed with the other.

He could just imagine it. Her bent over, butt shaking back and forth as she tried to hold it in. Those exposed thighs of hers wouldn’t do her any favors, probably covered in little goosebumps.

As his stop came up, he realized he had a little chub in his pants.

“Okay, more of a perv than I knew,” He whispered to himself as he adjusted his groin and walked to the front of the bus.

He told himself it was the thought of Avery herself that brought it on, and not anything else. After all, he had rubbed one out more than enough times to the image of that tight ass of hers. Her being desperate for a piss just made her pop it out for all to see.

Another text, ‘Ivan hurry plz hurry’.

Desperate seemed like the best word. It was almost like she was begging. What if he didn’t show up? He had all the power in this case. He typed out a text, ‘What if I don’t?’

But then he erased it. She would be furious. Or worse, she would think he was genuinely an asshole, and never forgive him. He was already in the doghouse, doing that would just toss her into the arms of that hentai-monster living on the top floor. He would find her one day, writhing in a mess of gooey tentacles, popping out xenomorph eggs from every hole.

He shook his head, that was a weird thought for another night.

Ivan started to hurry, he was close after all. He rounded a corner, and when he looked down the sidewalk he could actually see the blurry outline of Avery off in the distance.

She was wearing a little brown jacket, but her legs were definitely out. She was also hunched over, her legs wrapped around each other.

He was going to call out to her, and run, but then he saw an alleyway.

This was a golden opportunity. It wasn’t like this was something he could see up close every day, she didn’t run around her apartment needing a piss. He wanted to say he didn’t like it, but his pants were tight, and there was a warmth in his lower stomach. This was something he needed to work out.

He ran into the alley, stripped down, and then moved over to get closer. He slowed down when he got close enough that she could hear him. By that point he could make out everything. The skirt was blue, with little white polka dots. It was short, stupid short for the weather. If he thought he had the time, he could probably get on his knees and see her panties that easy.

She was dancing back and forth, from one leg to the other. Both hands were jammed between her legs now, and he could see the muscles in her thighs were tensed hard. She was hissing with every breath, and making slight turns. Her eyes kept closing, and then opening wide and looking around as if afraid someone might see her. Maybe she was looking for him?

Avery pulled her phone out, thought about typing a new message, then shoved her hands, phone and all into her crotch as she bent over again.

“Damnit, no no no,” She whispered, “where are you, where are you, no!”

She was losing. It was… kind of hot. Her cheeks were flushed, her legs were shivering, and she kept making little panicked mewling noises.

Ivan pinched his left finger with his right hand, and nodded to himself. He kneeled down, and like he thought, could see her panties. They were light blue. There was no denying he was at full attention now.

“Ah, oh oh, no.” Avery gasped as she held on tighter.

Ivan thought he could almost see a small dark drop, not even the size of a penny, appear on her panties. But then she swayed her hips, and it moved out of view.

He had to end this. He stood up, and took a deep breath. There was no simple way to say ‘sorry I was hiding right in front of you, but I’m done now.’

“Hey Avery,” he said.

She almost jumped, turning toward him fast and taking a startled step back, hands in the air as if caught in a crime.

“Oh shit!” She gasped.

Then there was an unmistakable hissing sound.

Avery’s face went red, and her hands shot back to her groin and her eyes shut as if that would hide her from him.

“Ivan!” She shouted, “you bastard I…” she couldn’t even finish the sentence. For a brief moment, but one he definitely noticed, her face went serene, almost sensual. Her eyes opened part way, and her chin tilted up just a little, and Ivan heard another long hiss of liquid hitting cotton.

“Hey, sorry I took so-” He started.

“Shut up and open the door! So I don’t… so I can…” She was gasping, and could barely get anything out.

Ivan was stunned, watching the mix of panic and relief going across her face, the intimate expressions flashed as she tried to get a hold of herself. But she was right.

He patted himself down, and touched only skin.

“Oh, shit,” Ivan whispered.

“What?!” Avery said as she looked up to about where he was.

“The key is back in my pants babe, like a block away,” He was grinning, and he hoped she couldn’t hear it in his voice.

But it seemed she couldn’t concentrate on that. Her eyes were welling up with tears now, and she made a slow turn away from him.

“I can’t, I’m… don’t look at me, asshole. Turn around.”

Before she even had her back turned, he could see the moment she truly gave up. She pulled the skirt from between her legs. Even when pissing herself, she wanted to save it.

Her thighs were trembling, and she kept them locked to each other. But then he saw her grow real still for a moment, then start shivering again. Another stop, and this time he could see it, the long trail of liquid forging a path down her beautiful legs. It curved down, from just beneath her ass, to beneath her right knee, and then went all the way to the outside before hitting the ground.

“Damnit, damnit,” Avery whispered, “I hate you!”

Her arms were tensed, her hands in balled up fists. Then he saw her right hand unclench, and the little rivulets became a stream. It came down her legs for a moment, then became a direct flow from her panties to the pavement. The growing puddle was letting off steam as it warmed up the cold ground.

He was mesmerized. He couldn’t take his eyes off her as she gasped with relief, her head tilted down to watch her own expulsion. Her legs adjusted halfway through, opening wide to let it fall as it may. It started to hug her right leg like before, soaking one shoe and almost ignoring her left side.

As it started to slow down, she whispered to herself, “So gross, just disgusting. This is so terrible.”

He didn’t want to leave, but he knew if she finished and he still didn’t have that key, he was as good as dead. Plus he needed a head start, because there was no way he could run with the invisible sausage he was packing.

He went and grabbed his clothes and came back. Avery was squatting, her face in her hands. She sniffled as he got close.

“Hey, Avery,” He said as he put a hand on her shoulder.

She knocked it away, “Leave me alone.”

“Come on,” He said, “come clean up inside. It’ll be warm.”

She didn’t look at him, but she uncovered her face. He could see that she was crying, her eyes getting red.

“Yeah, I’m sure my comfort is real important to you, Ivan.”

He tapped his foot. Unsure exactly how he could get himself out of this one.

“We can dump your undies in some random box in here, let the old fart that hired me find them. Sounds fun right?”

She hugged herself, and shook her head, “Fuck off.”

He went and opened the door, and tossed his clothing inside. Then he walked back over and put a hand on each of her shoulders.

“Look, I’m sorry. Didn’t see this happening, okay? Next time I’ll… I’ll leave the stake out early if I have to.”

She sniffled, and wiped her nose, and then looked straight up in a best attempt to look him in the eyes.

“Really?” She asked.

He took a deep breath, “I mean, if you tell me what’s going on, definitely. No one should go through this, you’re making me feel like a douche.”

She stood up, and her legs seemed wobbly. Ivan grabbed her arms to keep her steady. Her face was so red, she seemed so vulnerable.

“I guess it’s only kind of your fault,” She said. Then she hugged him.

He wasn’t expecting that, but it wasn’t unwelcome. He hugged back, squeezing her tight. He enjoyed the intimate moment, she smelled nice. He meant it, she didn’t deserve it. She didn’t deserve to have to deal with any of them, him especially.

“Ivan,” she whispered.

“Yeah, babe?”

“Why do you have an erection?”

He froze up and didn’t say a word. An unfortunate instinct in the case of true danger.

“Does me crying turn you on or something?” she asked as she looked for his eyes. It really threw him off how good she was at finding his face.

He shook his head, “Of course not, what am I, a pervert?” He said as he rubbed her back, “that skirt you’re wearing may as well have a picture of your ass as the pattern.”

She hit him, but he saw a small grin as she backed off and headed for the door.

He followed behind her, watching the soaked skirt hug to her butt as she walked, “Plus if I’m honest, you look like you’re cumming when you piss yourself.”

“Ivan!”

*004*2019-08-25 19:21

This story is probably the biggest blend of the sex stuff and omorashi. If you don't want actual penetration, turn back now! It also was part of a series of side stories that don't deal with Avery herself. Instead it has other monsterboys that live in the apartment.

Avery's Apartment: Chapter P3

Snake Charming (With Tammy and Seth)

Tammy shuffled the popping pieces of sausage around on the pan before sliding them all onto a large plate. They kept sizzling long enough for her to fork over the few that were stubbornly sticking to her cookware.

“Are they ready?” asked her daughter behind her.

She turned around to face little Isis, who was sitting at the dining room table with a hungry look in her eyes. There was a serving plate of scrambled eggs there, and Isis already had some eggs shoveled to her own plate.

“Your teeth brushed?” Tammy asked as she walked over.

Isis nodded, her eyes watching the swaying plate of meat.

“Bed made?” Tammy added.

Isis rolled her eyes, “Of course mom!”

Tammy put the plate of sausages down on the table, and Isis practically hissed as she moved two of them over and started biting into them with a child’s savagery. Tammy tousled her brown curls.

“You’re better than your brother,” Tammy said, before throwing in, “don’t eat too fast, you’ll choke. Where is your brother?”

She didn’t know where her son, or her husband were. They were always more lethargic, it was no surprise. At least one of them was hard to miss.

“Honey! Ray! Breakfast, hurry or you’ll be late.”

She left Isis to her violent eating noises, sure the nine year old couldn’t get into any trouble in the few seconds she would be away. Tammy walked around the corner to look into the living room and saw her husband, Seth, balled up on the floor next to the couch. Never failed.

“Seth!” She yelled, and one of his eyes lazily opened, “breakfast, come on, family time.”

His eye slid back closed.

“Don’t make me throw things, I’ll do it!” she called.

He nodded, and slowly sat up. It was one of those moments where it was hard to see him for what he was. At first he was just a man in a white T-shirt and crocodile pajama pants, stretching as he stood to his full height.

Tammy blinked, and his brown skin turned yellow and black near the sides of his face, fading into dark scales. He rose and rose, his scaled serpentine lower half uncoiling until he nearly reached the ceiling. He held his arms out and yawned, his teeth clattering as his mouth shut. She blinked again, and he was back in pajama pants.

“Coming,” he grumbled as he followed her back to the dining room.

Isis had devoured her eggs, and was going back for more.

“Don’t overeat,” Tammy said, “you guys are going to be late for the bus.”

Isis looked up at her father as he came to the table. Tammy never knew what her daughter was seeing, but she always figured it was closer to the truth. She often watched his lower body, watched him slither.

Her daughter didn’t have to slither, and she was a little thankful for that.

“Ray!” Tammy called, “hurry.”

Isis’s eyes turned to solid black orbs before she bit down half a piece of sausage in one go.

“Are you hungry dad?” Isis asked over a mouth full of food.

Seth was face first on the table, ignoring the plate of eggs in front of him.

“Seth,” Tammy said, “your daughter is talking to you.”

He looked up, “I’m good baby, eat as much as you want.”

Tammy was tapping her foot now, watching the door to the kid’s bedroom. She took a step over to it, but then it slid open. Her teenaged son practically crawled out, wearing his school uniform, backpack already on his back.

“Your hair is a mess,” Tammy said, “were you hoping to just slither out of here?”

Ray yawned, and ran a finger through his close shaved hair a few times before finally rising to standing at the table. “Doesn’t matter mom.”

“Brush your hair,” Seth said, halfway grumbling, “you look like a fool.”

Ray rolled his eyes, but fished in his backpack for a wooden brush with fine bristles. He showed it to his father, who seemed content with that proof of intent.

Ray grabbed two sausages off the plate, and popped one in his mouth, before murmuring around the meat, “We’re gonna be late.”

“Right!” Tammy said, reaching over and grabbing Isis’s backpack and pulling a half eaten piece of sausage out of the little girl’s mouth. The look of disappointment on the little girl’s face was quickly replaced with panic as Tammy yanked a coat onto her.

Isis tightened her coat, put on her backpack, and started for the door.

“Hey,” Tammy said, walking in front of the girl and cleaning her eyes of morning gunk, “it’s getting cold outside. What are the rules?”

Isis let out an exhausted breath, “Keep my coat on outside, always stay warm.”

“And?” Tammy added, a finger up.

Her daughter looked at her brother, who made a motion like grinding his teeth.

“Eat if I feel sleepy.” Isis said.

Tammy gave her a kiss on the forehead. “Good girl.”

The door opened, and both their kids headed out into the hall. Ray stopping right away and looking at someone out there.

“Hey, hi, Avery.” Ray said. It was the landlady. The boy had some sort of crush on her.

Tammy closed the door, leaving it at just a crack. She could barely make out the landlady asking about Seth.

“Naw, he is still sleep,” Ray said, “anyway, I have to get the brat to the bus.”

She clicked the door closed, and walked back over to the table. She moved some sausages onto Seth’s plate, shoveled a few eggs next to them, then went to the far side and pulled up a chair to sit down.

He stood up, yawned again, and then stuck a piece of sausage in his mouth. He chewed for a bit, his eyes barely open.

“These are good,” he said after he swallowed, “thanks for handling the morning stuff. I know it’s your day off.”

Tammy took a deep breath, and bit into a forkful of scrambled eggs. She was fine with it, doing morning housework on her day off. But it wasn’t like she got the morning off other days. Seth was usually there, sleep, while she made sure Isis and Ray ate cereal before they all left.

She knew cold weather was hard on him. Something about hibernation. Well, it wasn’t quite hibernation, there was another word for it, but effectively his whole body was sluggish. But he was too conservative with their money to do more than sleep under the heat vent in the living room. When they were younger, she could remember blasting the heat through winter, staying under blankets all day, and pretending it was the middle of summer outside!

“What’s your plan today?” Seth asked before he downed another sausage.

She thought about it, she really needed to clean their bedroom. Not that he spent a lot of time there. They discovered his weight was buckling part of the metal bed frame, it was warping from years of him splaying out across the mattress. Though she didn’t miss nearly getting shoved off the bed every night, she did miss those nights where he would wrap around her for warmth.

“We could clean up the bed,” she said, “maybe I can fix the supports while I’m down there.”

He looked toward the living room. It wasn’t just where he took his naps, but where he kept his laptop. That’s where he did all his writing, how he got paid.

“I’m ahead of schedule,” he said, “I can take the afternoon off.”

He was calm, quiet, composed. Well, no, he was sleepy and lazy. It wasn’t her usual Seth, the passionate Snake-man that she fell in love with, moved in with, started a family with. He was practically a wild animal back then. The first night they were together, it would have been more accurate to call it a consensual attack.

Now Tammy was afraid she had him domesticated.

“You know, once we have the bed clean,” Tammy began, looking over the table at her scaled husband, “we could make it messy again.”

She lifted her eyebrows at him. When Seth looked up, he had a look of utter confusion on his face, as if she just told him a riddle. He looked at her for a few seconds, then gasped.

“Oh honey,” he said, “I’ll barely be of use there. Like… sorry, you know.”

Tammy nodded, “Yeah I get it.”

She looked back at her food. Her next thought was all the chores she had to finish, cleaning the kid’s room, get everything off their bed, she could fix it first, vacuum both rooms, dust at the end. She could save dishes until after dinner.

Seth cleared his throat, and Tammy looked up. He had something to say, maybe he realized she wasn’t satisfied with that last answer?

“I mean, we can plan something,” he said, “have a night out, go to a hotel maybe.”

She rolled her eyes, “A hotel? I’d be fine with the couch, or right here on the table. Anything at this point.”

He grimaced at the thought, “The couch? Can you imagine if we left a mess? What if the kids saw it after?”

She could see a shiver go down his body at the thought. Tammy sighed, shook her head, and aggressively bit into her food.

Seth leaned forward, “I’m sorry, we can try, if you want. I’m just always so tired, it has nothing to do with you Tam. You know I love you.”

She could feel something in her teeth, she would have to brush them again. She kind of had to pee, but she really wanted to clean the toilet seat first. Teenage boys have terrible aim.

Tammy could hear Seth’s fingers drumming. It was a rhythm, his rhythm. It was a little tune she learned from him, and she realized he tended to thump it out whenever he had anything on his mind.

He finished his food and grabbed the plates at the table, taking them over and washing them as she finished her last little bit.

Seth yawned, and Tammy nodded as if in response.

“Go ahead, you can help me closer to noon.” she said as he stood beside her. She didn’t bother to look at him.

He stood there for a moment, then wrapped an arm around her and leaned in for a kiss.

Tammy turned and kissed him. His lips were lukewarm.

She nodded toward the living room.

He slithered past her, and headed back to his spot. He coiled back down, sleeping on a pile of himself.

She played around on her phone as she finished eating, but by the end of it she could hear light snoring from his side of the apartment. She leaned in and looked at him, he was so peaceful when he was asleep. It made her mad how she reacted, how the little differences that had excited her when they were teenagers were now making their lives difficult.

Well, they were making their own lives difficult. He would get up later, when the sun was high, and move around like a zombie until it was time for dinner. She could already see him, and knew he would only kind of be of help.

But it wasn’t his body’s fault. It was them being stingy with their heat bill, and him fearing the kids knowing they were two adults, and her always making everything a strict schedule.

Tammy tapped her foot for a minute, thinking, fighting with herself. She stomped over to the thermostat and turned it up to high. With enough time, the apartment would be a little sauna. At least then he wouldn’t have an excuse for not helping her out.

Maybe she could get done early, and then take a break instead of wasting her whole day.

First, she was going to pick up the kid’s room. It was terrible in there, with a mix of little girl toys thrown everywhere, and the discarded clothing of a teenage boy. It didn’t take long into the exercise for Tammy to start feeling the heat pick up in the apartment.

She went out and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and downed it in a few gulps. It was refreshing, and she probably needed it to make sure she could actually finish all she had to do. She managed to fill a whole trash bag, make a hamper full of dirty clothing, and get all of Isis’s toys cleaned up. It felt great.

The apartment was getting warmer than she expected. It was the combination of her turning the heat up, plus moving around everywhere. It was probably helping with the stress of the clean up job, but it was also making her too sweaty for the early morning.

She stood in the kitchen, thinking about what was left to do. It wouldn’t be long before she could wake Seth up, make him help. A naughty thought came to mind. It wasn’t like anyone would see her moving around the apartment, she could easily strip down to just her panties and a long shirt. Maybe, if she was lucky, she could get a rise out of her husband when he woke up.

Tammy realized she was dancing around a little, and not to any music. She still had to pee, and all that water didn’t help her any. She told herself she was going to clean the toilet first, that was probably why she forgot. She could strip down, and then get to that.

Tammy went to the bedroom, ripped off her shirt and reached into a drawer for one of Seth’s. It was long, comfy, and fell down her hips. She let out a sigh, then unbuttoned her pants. The relief was immediate, so much pressure gone. She pulled them down and gave herself a pat on her lower stomach before kicking the pants away.

She heard a jingle and then a metal click. Something from her pocket? She got down to her knees and looked beneath the old rickety bed frame. Glittering near a support bar in the middle, the only thing that made it possible for Seth to sleep on it at all, were her keys.

“Damnit!” she whispered. She couldn’t just leave those down there.

Tammy reached beneath the bed. It was pretty far, but it was at a distance where she should be able to reach it without having to put her head under the bed. She pushed her ear against the mattress and tried to reach. She could just feel part of the ring, but couldn’t reach it.

She peeked down again, and could see that somehow, the keys had slid to a spot just past the support beam. It was almost like a group of pegs, close together, to hold up the center weight of the king sized mattress.

Tammy took another deep breath, then reached in until she could feel the ring of the keys again. She got down until her head was at risk of being squeezed under the bed. The keys were right next to one of the pegs, she pulled at the peg it until it shifted out of her way, making the whole bed give out a metal creak. But, she could at least move her fingers past it. She reached blindly, and felt her finger bump against the keyring and slide it a little further. She mumbled a few curses before pushing her arm further. Anymore and it was going to hurt. She got her wrist past the peg, and was able to get a grip on the keys.

“Yes!” she hissed before moving her wrist up. Which bumped something, and made the peg slide back into place. A hard pressure clamped down on Tammy’s wrist, making her gasp. The peg sliding back to its original location was clamping it down on her. She tried to turn her wrist, but all that did was let the peg move further back into place. At least it wasn’t hurting anymore, but no matter what she did, the bed had her pinned down at the wrist.

“No, no no, come on,” she said as she yanked with all the strength she could. But with her head almost under the bed, and her arm stretched to its full length, she had no leverage. “come on, this is… come on!”

She tried letting go of the keys, that didn’t help. She tried moving the peg again, but now it seemed more resistant to her shoving it around. She couldn’t get her other arms under the bed in any meaningful way. Instead she was stuck with her ass up in the air, unable to really turn her head, and unable to get her arm free.

“Seth?” Tammy called out. She knew there wouldn’t be an answer. When he was out nothing short of a fresh cooked leg of chicken under his nose would stir him out of his sleep. She didn’t know if that was just a human thing, or a snake thing, but she rarely saw him get up early unless there was less than a minute delay between him waking up and biting into flesh.

“Seth!” she shouted louder, still nothing. It was worth a shot. She had to do something. She could wait until he woke up naturally, but at this point the heat was getting to her. The apartment felt like she was next door to a hot tub.

Worse than that, she never got a chance to go to the bathroom! She tried to ignore it, but her bladder was definitely full to bursting. All the water, all the moving around, and removing her pants was just giving it more room to expand.

If she kept struggling, the bed was bound to give. It was falling apart, that’s why she wanted to try to fix it. No way it would hold up if she kept pulling. Tammy struggled, pulled, did violent yanks followed by slower twists and turns of her wrist. It didn’t matter, the best was able to do was hurting her own wrist.

“Seth, come on!” she shouted. The thought occurred that she could try to call for someone outside the apartment, but the chances of them hearing were even lower. She could try to send a message to the room below her, but in the middle of the day, her downstairs neighbors were likely gone.

She used her free hand and thumped on the floor. She did it again, this time in quick succession, something like knocking. She hoped for some sound of annoyance from below, someone moving around. She got quiet and listened, but there was nothing. She was alone.

More thumps, more shouts to Seth, none of it worked, and time was passing. A sting of pain went through her bladder, and Tammy gave up. She was going to have to hold herself. She was trying to pretend it wasn’t a problem, she kept her thighs closed and hoped for the best. But doing the Extended Dog pose was fine for a yoga stretch, not so much for keeping the contents of your bladder contained.

Tammy took her free hand and held it against her crotch, then tightened her thighs again. She was sure it helped more mentally than physically. Still, she was at the point where she felt like even a little relaxation was going to end with a wet spot on her panties.

Worse, if she did the unthinkable, what would happen to the carpet? She would probably have to scrub it clean, or rent a floor cleaner. The idea was mortifying. Would she have to explain it to that nosy landlady? What if she realized it was piss? Isis was too old to blame it on her.

Another pulse went through her lower stomach, and Tammy winced as she focused and squeezed her legs. Thinking about it too much wasn’t helping.

She needed to get free, for the sake of her dignity. She pulled with all her might, and almost felt the peg give way and move. She grabbed the edge of the bed with her free hand, pulled harder. But then the pain became too much. She let go, and sank to the floor in frustration.

Her right leg was wobbling at the ankle, her thighs were squeezed tight, and her wrist hurt like hell. She put her hand back between her thighs and squeezed back against the fabric of her panties. A hard squeeze, and the wave of pressure subsided. She wasn't going to lose it, she didn’t have to.

She needed a plan, she needed to think. She closed her eyes, and pulled her hand away from her groin and put it against the floor. Her palm started to thump softly against the floor, little beats, a mindless pattern to put her mind at ease between the different types of building panic. She was sweating, her whole pubic region felt like a bundle of muscles that were threatening to give out, and her wrist had to be red and raw.

There was a hissing noise in the next room.

Tammy’s eyes popped open. It was Seth, he was awake. Well, no, it was still too early for that. It was more likely he was just stirring. She looked at her free hand, the beat. Could he hear her pounding on the floor?

“Seth!? Honey, come in here and help me!” she shouted as she beat on the floor more, “come on you big dumb dumb, wake up before I piss myself!”

She kept thumping on the floor, beating out that same pattern they always did.

The hissing, it was definitely there. She could hear movement too, he was up and moving. She kept beating as he seemed to get closer and closer.

“Come on Seth, I’m in our room! Wake yourself up!” she said.

Then her bladder contracted again, and Tammy’s hand shot to her groin as she squeezed down to fight the pressure. She found herself also hissing, the pressure was unbearable. She really was in trouble, but at least Seth was on his way.

His hissing got super loud, and if she didn’t know Seth better, it would have even been alarming. She could feel his presence in the room, but with the way her head was positioned she could barely see him at the doorway.

“Okay Seth,” she said with a nervous chuckle, “no gawking, but I’m stuck. I need you to help me-”

He got closer, and she could see him if she craned her neck enough. His eyes were almost solid black, with little bits of yellow on the sides. His mouth was open, and she could see his long fang-like teeth just past his lips. His tongue flickered out.

“Seth?” she whispered. Her husband wasn’t in there.

His body whipped forward, and he grabbed her as his torso wrapped beneath her, ran around her, his snake tail wrapped around her chest. His weight pushed down on her upper body, constricted, before she could feel him looming above her back. He was facing toward her rear now, having coiled around his prey.

“Seth you idiot!” she choked out, “snap out of it, help me!”

He grabbed her butt with a hand and came down to bite her. She even felt his teeth, stuck in her underwear.

“Ow!” all the pain and weight weren’t helping things. She had to wake him up.

She had a theory, even if it was a stupid one. In her situation, she was looking at the real possibility of her husband devouring her. Which was a sexy dream she had once, and was now regretting.

Tammy started to beat on the floor, beating out the same pattern as before. She immediately felt Seth’s grip on her upper body weaken, he moved off to her side, his whole tail sliding over her upper body as he moved away from her. If it wasn’t so life and death, she would have enjoyed the feeling of his scales rubbing past her nipples. Even through the shirt she could feel them slither over her vulnerable buttons.

“Okay Seth,” she gasped as she continued to beat the pattern on the floor, “come on, get it together. My bladder is about to pop, I need your help here.”

He slithered behind her, like a monster watching his prey from a safe distance.

She kept beating, but she could feel the pressure mounting in her bladder, the throbbing, her weakening muscles. She needed to hold herself or she was going to piss herself anyway.

She stopped beating the pattern long enough to slide her hand between her squeezed thighs.

“Damnit, damnit,” she whispered.

She couldn’t hear Seth, and she couldn’t see him either since he was right behind her.

“Seth?” she said, “honey?”

The wave subsided, and she went to beat the pattern again.

But he struck first, this time wrapping around her legs.

“Ah!” she screeched before the end of his tail wrapped her ankles together and pulled her flat against the floor.

She could feel his warm breath along her back, then there was the ticklish flick of his tongue. If only the circumstances were different, all this attention would be welcome. But no, she just had to turn that heat up, that had to be what was driving him crazy. She was sweating like crazy, and the heat probably woke him up to a feeding frenzy. She looked like an easy kill.

His tongue tickled her lower back, and he moved closer and put his nose just above her butt.

His hands gripped the fabric of her panties, then ripped it between his two hands. Those damned claws of his. His tongue licked out against her buttocks.

Tammy was shaking her head no. There were a few ways this could go, and she didn’t like any of them. In her position, she couldn’t really hold herself, and she felt like if he wasn’t forcing her legs together she already would be leaving a dark spot on the carpet. But she was also hot, and in Seth’s state, she didn’t know if he would be able to read the difference between her panicked sweating and… something more intimate.

His tongue flicked out against the small exposed bit of her lower lips, and he immediately backed his head away.

At first she was relieved. Then she felt his body shift, forcing her back into her ass up position.

“Seth, no!” she said, “wake up stupid, we aren’t doing this!”

He wasn’t taking no for an answer, and with that tail of his he could hold her in just about any position he wanted. Her legs were locked in place, and she could feel the open air of the room on her womanhood.

She was trembling now. Her eyes were squeezed shut, and she was holding back the tide with all her strength. This was a nightmare.

Then she felt him, a warm head poked her thigh before moving into position.

“No, no,” Tammy said before she hissed along with him entering her. It started off with an expectation of pain, but she was ashamed to admit she wasn’t as dry as the situation called for. He slid in, hissing the whole time he did.

The pressure in her bladder increased, but just when she was afraid she was going to explode, she realized she couldn’t. With him in her, she was plugged up. It was almost, frustrating. He slid into her slowly, going all the way until she could feel the soft scales of his groin against her buttocks. At least it was the small one.

“Seth, seth! Wake up!” she shouted.

Instead he slid out, before thrusting back in with another slow entrance. Her thighs were still tense out of fear, her whole body was squeezing down. It felt like despite the pleasurable invader, she was still trying to keep everything below her waist clamped tight around him.

It was strange, and as he pushed deeper into her, as he pressed her ass forward and her head against the side of the mattress, she felt a small moan escape her lips.

No, she wasn’t going to enjoy this. After this was over, she was going to beat him senseless, and they were going to have a long talk.

His nails reached beneath her shirt, scratched up her sides, both pleasurable and slightly ticklish. She stifled another moan as he pressed in again, as his hands gripped her sides.

“Damnit Seth,” she moaned, “you’re so dead.”

His arms reached forward as he buried himself in her. He found her breasts, gripped them hard, squeezed her nipples between his fingers. Her toes squeezed, her back arched. This was all dangerous. She didn’t know what would wake him up, and she didn’t know how long she was going to be able to keep herself contained after he pulled free.

As if on cue, another wave of pressure went through her bladder. She reached down and held herself as best she could, which was ridiculous considering Seth plunging into her. He pulled free, and for a brief moment he left her, with a small sucking noise.

Panic went up her spine, the vacuum leaving her with nothing to help her hold on.

“Shit, shit!” Tammy cursed as a hot jet of piss shot out and against Seth with a hiss.

He recoiled from it, and didn’t immediately plug her back up with his manhood.

“Damnit you snake-brained… fuck me or let me loose!” she screamed as she struggled to hold on.

Her bladder had a painful contraction, another jet escaped, and she could feel tears coming to her eyes as everything started to fall apart.

Then she felt the heat of his body pressing against her again. But something was different.

He started to enter her, and at once Tammy could feel the heat of his throbbing and moist erection sitting between her asscheeks. It was the big one this time.

That was one of the advantages and disadvantages of having a snake-man, two penises. She tried to ask him before about why there were two, but he always dodged the question with some weird anecdotes or jokes. All she knew was that the top one was noticeably smaller. Typically, that probably meant the upper one was best used as a backup. With how large Seth’s lower erection could get, Tammy used to jokingly called the bottom one a ‘handjob only zone’.

Now that monster was pressing into her already strained hole. Tammy gripped the carpet as it slid into her, bit down on her bottom lip. It wasn’t enough to be painful, it was just uncomfortable. She heard the vagina could adjust to most things, but she was never patient enough for that.

But at least, she didn’t have to worry about her bladder as he slid deeper and deeper. She was being filled up. Thankfully, he seemed to sense the difference in space, and was moving in slow. His body pressed forward, hesitating whenever Tammy winced or shifted around. It felt like it was reaching the top, like she would be filled all the way. Her mouth fell agape, and she let out small rapid breaths.

Then he slid back out, and she let out a sigh of relief.

The relief was temporary. The head of his other erection found a new target, and as he pressed back in she could feel it being aimed down at her puckered hole.

“Oh no you don’t!” she snapped, trying to reach back and slap him away as best she could.

He batted her hand away, then again. It seemed she didn't have a say in this. He pressed in, and Tammy was thankful her own arousal from before had pre-lubricated the smaller rod. She had to relax, she took deep breaths, and felt him press in. She grunted with the new pressure, and when he was all the way in, she felt fuller than she ever had before. There wasn’t room for anything else, she was full from both ends and she was going to burst.

Seth thrust in further, and Tammy could only grumble and curse as both erections rammed into her at once. He slid out and moved again, his hands gripping her buttocks as he thrust in deeper than before. Her whole body was swarming with sensation, her little ring tallying every groove of his invasion, his girth making her whole body shift and adjust as her arousal took over, the swish and sway of the damned pressure in her bladder.

She really was going to explode, though not how she feared before. Seth’s thrusting was growing faster, and with his every move, he was screwing her senseless. She could barely remember where she was. She tried to move her hips back against him, and immediately remembered her wrist was caught. She let out a long moan of pleasure, forgetting there could still be neighbors home. Everything was spinning, she was sweating, a tingle was building at the base of her spine and sliding up.

Seth was on autopilot, thrusting her against the side of the bed, long hisses coming out of him with each one as they grew stronger and stronger. She could feel it, both penises seemed to be pulsating, he was reaching his peak.

“Oh, yes!” Tammy moaned despite herself, all sense of fear washed away with the waves of pleasure building up inside her. “come on!”

His claws dug into her, the scales of his tail holding her tight, the soft skin at his groin slapping hard into her with each intrusion as she became slick with pleasure. His hissing became grunts, her hips bucked back with every thrust. She couldn’t make any coherent sentence, she just wanted more, wanted to feel the rush all come at once.

He thrust into her with all his strength, and she felt him begin to explode into both sides of her. The tidal wave of joy broke against her walls, her mouth locking open, a long erratic gasp leaving her lips as pleasure gripped her. He tried to thrust more, but they became jerky motions with each pulse of his seed. Then he hugged tight to her body, his hissing at the base of her neck, his teeth pressed against her skin.

Tammy was huffing, her whole body one sensitive ball of nerves. It was wave after wave of pleasure until she finally started to come down.

“Tam?” Seth whispered.

He was coming back to his senses. Of course he was, at the end of it all.

“Oh goodness, I can’t believe I made you… I’m sorry!” he was in a panic. But at least she would get free.

His tail freed her legs, and he pulled out.

Tammy immediately regretted her wish for freedom. As soon as she was empty, her bladder pulsed and contracted. She gasped and tried to put a hand between her legs, but even with her hand gripped tightly overself, a hot jet of liquid spilled between her fingers.

“Oh no, shit!” Tammy shouted as she tried to hold on. But there came another, a warm spray flowing out of her cupped hand. “no no no!”

Then it became a flow, spilling out of her like a fountain turned to full blast. Tammy spread her knees and Seth slithered back in shock as she let everything loose.

The relief of it, finally letting it all free, it was immense. Her face went red, and her toes curled as a new spark of pleasure erupted inside her, rippling through her as the loud hiss of urine built up between her legs. The dark spot on the carpet beneath her filled and spread out. Her hand balled into a fist, her eyes squeezed shut.

“Oooooh,” Tammy moaned as she trembled and voided herself.

There was silence as she finished. She could feel a small drip between her legs, and it wasn’t all of her own making.

“What the hell was that?” Seth asked.

The moment was over. Tammy looked back at Seth and growled, “You idiot! Get me from under here right now or I’ll turn you into boots!”

Seth slithered over to the bottom of the bed, “Sorry sorry. I’ll get you out.”

“What was that?!” she shouted, “I can’t believe you would do that, especially after everything you said earlier.”

He effortlessly pulled up the bottom of the bed, and pulled his upper body beneath it, started fiddling with the peg.

“I don’t know, it was like I was hypnotized. I just kept hearing that tune, you know the one you always do with your fingers. That was all I could hear, and all I saw was you. It was like I couldn’t control myself, my whole body was one giant hard on, you know?”

Tammy flared her nostrils, “I know you’re the one scrubbing this piss stain out of the carpet.”

“Of course,” Seth said as he got her loose.

She pulled her hand free, “You can do the rest of the cleaning before the kids get back too.”

Seth came over and held her wrist, his other arm rubbing her shoulders. She didn’t hate the contact, especially after all that had happened. She put her head against his chest.

“Of course I will,” he said, “you can go take a nap, if you want. I’ve got it from here.”

She would, he had exhausted her. She watched as his penises slid back into the little scale ‘cases’ where they seemed to hide whenever he was flaccid. She couldn’t help but lick her lips a little, and feel her hips stir.

Tammy was going to have to remember this whole thing, though next time she would be on top of the bed, and naked. Her next day off would be interesting.
