Such a story (prologue)

Author: fanarcw

*000*2024-01-07 23:41

(English is not my native language, I apologize if there are grammatical or semantic errors)

Today was a sunny June day. Nature blossomed thanks to the rainy May and despite the heat, the trees, bushes and grass were green and very thick. Today there were not many people in the park, it was on the outskirts of the city, so the vegetation here was rarely cut, otherwise it was quite well-groomed.

A pretty young girl, apparently a high school student or freshman in denim mini skirt, white snikers and grey sports top, had rather long light brown hair, although it was difficult to estimate the length due to her neat ponytail. She stood at the edge of the paved path so as not to disturb passers-by and looked lost in her thoughts, but if you pay attention to her you can see imperceptible leg movements. As it appears she wanted to go.

After she looked forward, girl started walking and passes by public toilet, what is absolutely empty, maybe she is to shy to use it, but if this girl alredy dancing she better make it soon.

The further actions of this girl are quite unpredictable, looking around that there are no people around, she enters a fairly large thicket of coniferous bushes, having entered there she half squatted and with an open look of pleasure begins to relieve herself. It didn’t take her long to find a pose, but girl stood up so that even if someone passed by, he wouldn’t suspect what she was doing there, while the miniskirt remained safe from getting wet, the question arises as to what about her underwear, at least the lower part of it, but if you look From another angle, you can see that she was not wearing panties at all.

Almost instantly after girl went into the bushes and took the desired position, albeit unusual for a girl, a fairly strong, although not very wide, stream burst out of her crotch, apparently she had endured it for quite a long time. The thin stream beat with such force that it dug a hole in the dry earth around which there were drops from not numerous splashes.

What was surprising was that this happened literally ten meters from the public toilet, which she had passed by earlier and did not even pay attention to it, moreover, she purposefully and moderately approached the overgrown bushes and went there. It is difficult to say what motivated such an act, because the girl did not look like a pervert, although her clothes were open, it was more likely from the heat than from a desire to look provocative, otherwise, the girl looked very well-groomed and neat, except for the lack of panties.

The urination itself lasted about a minute, but as soon as she finished, releasing the last couple of streams, she immediately straightened up without wiping herself and, as if nothing had happened, came out of the bushes and slowly walked out of the park.

