A Meeting of Chance

Author: Foxlover

*000*2020-11-12 20:33

Dinner was a quiet affair, with the two of them visiting a small shack restaurant a short walk from the hotel...At Daniela’s insistence, Ricky had tried whitefish, yellow rice, black beans and fried plantains...all of it was delicious, and he’d scarfed it down before remembering to breathe, much to the Daniela’s amusement.

By the time they’d returned to the hotel, they were both plumb tuckered out from the day of travel and decided to turn in early...Daniela had a full day of conferences tomorrow, and Ricky was planning to do more work on his thesis...they’d have the nights together, but their days were to be separate till the 29th, when the conference ended and leisure time began. As Daniela set to undressing and climbing into the bed, Ricky sat on the bed, staring at her.

The woman slid under the covers, and she was turning to fluff her pillow when she caught his gaze.

“...What?” She asked, tilting her head quizzically.

Ricky took a deep breath. “You haven’t peed since I picked you up early this morning...and you’ve been drinking all day...and now you’re just gonna go to bed, like your bladder isn’t full...God, I...I think I love you…”

The woman reddened, though her lips curled up in a smile. “I think I love you, too…” She chuckled, reaching out to him. He quickly moved over to her, meeting her in a gentle, passionate kiss.

She was the first one to break, still smiling up at him. “Goodnight, Ricky…” She murmured, turning over in the bed and turning off the desk light. Ricky did the same with the room lights before sliding in next to her, laying down and closing his eyes.

The next morning, Ricky awoke to an empty bed, save for a small note. He picked it up, opening it.

Ricky… it read. The conference starts early, so when you read this I’ll probably be gone. I had my first morning piss in I don’t know how long today...I wasn’t hurting for it, but god did it feel good anyway...almost as good as it feels to know I only pee when I want. Anyway, I’ll be thinking of you every water bottle I finish, and I’m still not peeing when I get back. Gotta maintain the streak, right? One piss a day? ;D See you tonight...Love you!

Hugs and kisses,

Dani

The man stiffened upon reading the letter, and it was with a short sigh that he forced himself to set it down and get up.

The day was quiet, with Ricky pretty much staying at the hotel the entire day working. Around 6PM or so he got a text from Daniela saying that she was going out for dinner with a few of her colleagues and would be back a little later. That was fine by him; he had the next two weeks to enjoy time with her, no sense in begrudging her a night or two with her friends.

However, as the hour got later, he began to get concerned. Around 11:45, he tried calling her, but there was no answer. Now he was worried.

He went down to the lobby, asking the concierge if there were any restaurants close to the hotel that were open this time of night. The concierge had frowned and told him that the latest open restaurant had closed at 10:30, and that they didn’t reopen till 9 the next morning.

Ricky returned to the room, anxiety riddling his body over the next hour. Where was she? He could only hope and pray that she was safe, and still with her friends…

Finally, at around 1:15 AM, there was the sound of chittering laughter outside the door, getting louder and louder until the door opened, spilling a very giggly and very drunk Daniela into the room.

Ricky was on his feet immediately, rushing over and helping to steady her. “Dani, are you alright? I’ve been calling you all night…” He huffed, helping her inside.

The woman looked up at him, a goofy grin on her face and her gaze unfocused. “Hnnnnhnnhnnhnn...sorry, Ricky, me an’ the girls wennout fer drinks...ladies’ night at the cabana, heheheeee…” She tittered, smelling heavily of tequila.

The man pursed his lips. “Don’t you have another conference tomorrow?” he muttered as he went to put on some coffee for her.

The woman huffed, stumbling out of his grasp and towards the bed. “NnnI’llbefiiiinnnne…” She slurred. “Just gimme some water, I’ll be right ass rain...hehehe, ‘ass’...” She chuckled.

The man sighed, crossing his arms as Daniela sprawled out on the bed, staring at the ceiling. “Ricky…” She murmured.

The man turned.

Daniela looked up at him, smiling. “Drinks were half off...I had a lot…” She giggled, biting her lip. “Alcohol makes me pee...but I...I’m not gonna...hehehehe”

Despite his ire with the woman, he couldn’t help but redden at the admission, taking the pot and pouring her a cup of coffee.

“Mmm...more liquid….an’ I know juuuuust where to put it…” She tittered, winking as she took the cup from a red-faced Ricky.

Even as she laid there, Ricky could clearly see the bulge in her abdomen, stretching the waistband of her trousers that dug back into it with what looked like painful force...but the woman didn’t seem to notice; that, or she was too drunk to feel the discomfort.

“Rickyyyyy…” She whined. “Help me...help me outta my *hic* clothes…

Ricky reddened even further, but he did as he was asked, helping the woman out of her trousers and her blouse, leaving her only in her panties and bra...and without her clothes, the bulge in her navel looked much more pronounced. Any lesser woman would’ve been making a beeline for the toilet, but Daniela merely rolled over and promptly fell asleep. Ricky shook his head, climbing in next to her and turning off the light.

The next day, Ricky awoke to find Daniela gone again, and he was actually impressed that she’d been able to find the will to get up and go to another conference after the night she’d had.

He got up, immediately feeling a subtle pressure in his abdomen; with a jolt, he realized he’d not peed all day yesterday. Part of him was tempted to simply let himself get even fuller and enjoy the feeling, but he needed all his concentration for the next part of his thesis. And so, Ricky availed himself to the bathroom, letting loose a nearly minute long piss before taking a shower and sitting himself back down to work.

The day was fairly quiet again, with Ricky taking time to eat lunch, idly browse his favorite desperation site Omorashi.org (he’d told them all about Daniela a month or so ago, and they’d been fascinated with her seemingly endless capacity) and take a short nap.

He was awoken by a sharp knock on the door. “Ricky, honey? You in there?” came Daniela’s voice.

Sitting up and rubbing his eyes, he got to his feet and headed to the door, opening it to let the woman inside. She was dressed quite professionally, in black slacks, a navy blouse and a black blazer...though there was a tightness in her face Ricky couldn’t place.

“Thanks…” she murmured, quickly hurrying in. “Forgot my damn keycard here…”

She quickly set to removing her blazer, though Ricky could tell something was off. She hadn’t stopped fidgeting since she got in the room, gently moving from foot to foot and bending slightly at the waist as she worked to get out of the confining garment.

Ricky wasn’t fooled, though...he’d spent enough time looking at videos of women desperate to pee to know the subtle cues… for whatever reason, Daniela was unable to hide her urges like she was normally able to. Was one pee a day proving to be too insurmountable a task for even her iron will?

Finally, the jacket came off and the woman strode, with a slightly hurried pace, back across the room, past Ricky and into the bathroom. Ricky watched her go, frowning as she shut the door in his face. There was the jingling of a belt chain, the pulling of a zipper, some muttering, and then… The sound of liquid forcefully hitting liquid and a gentle sigh, barely audible over the stream. Ricky could feel himself stiffening once more, his breath quickening as he listened to his girlfriend’s outpour.

It went for 1...2...3...nearly 3 and a half minutes before finally tapering off. There was a flush, and the sound of a faucet as the woman washed her hands. Finally, the door opened, and out stepped Daniela, looking visibly relieved.

“Wow...I sorta really needed that…” She chuckled, smiling up at him.

Ricky chuckled, crossing his arms. “Kinda early for your first pee, isn’t it?”

Daniela looked over at him. “First pee since the day we got here, you mean?

The man’s smirk dissipated almost immediately, his eyes widening and his pupils dilating. “Since...what?”

Daniela, now having the upper hand again, smirked at him. “First day of the conference, I didn’t pee all throughout the seminars or workshops...they gave us plenty of water to keep us cool, since some of the buildings didn’t have AC, even more than I usually drink...and then afterwards, I went to dinner with my friends. At this point, I could definitely pee if I wanted, but it still was hardly an urge. I was gonna come back after that, but Yvette convinced us to go out for drinks, you know how she gets…”

She chuckled, flipping her dark brown locks a moment before continuing. “We stayed out till midnight at this bar uptown...free drinks so long as someone at your table doesn’t leave it...So guess who got free drinks for her and her friends all night?” She said, smirking as she patted her abdomen. “We got sloshed, heh...Cathy wanted to go dancing, but we decided to call it a night...we had work in the morning, and none of us are in our 20’s anymore… so I came back here and had coffee.”

Ricky blinked. “And...wait, what happened then? I’ve seen you hold all day without a problem…”

The woman chuckled. “Let me finish...I woke up late. Again. Coffee kept me from having a hangover, but I was still dead tired...had to take a quick wash up and bolt out of here… then another day of conferences. More water, more seminars, more training for the ol’ supertank.”

Ricky’s mouth was dry. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “S-so...you...I mean, you didn’t…”

Daniela smiled slyly, nodding. “That’s right. A day of drinking water, a night of alcohol and coffee, and another day of water...and I just let it all out for the first time.”

Ricky merely stood there, open-mouthed and tight crotched as Daniela sat, smirking and reveling in the effect she was having on him.

“...You’re amazing…” He croaked.

She laughed. “Yeah, I know...and the thing is, I could’ve gone longer, I know I could’ve. But, it is easier to be rid of it, and now that the conferences are over…” She winked.

Ricky nodded, swallowing at the implication of her words.

Daniela merely laughed again, going over and reclining on the bed. “Now... how about we order room service? Don’t much feel like going out tonight…”

Ricky assented, picking up the menu from the table, though his eyes were still on Daniela. Try as she might to downplay it, he’d witnessed desperation. Small, hardly noticeable, but genuine desperation. It meant two things; one, Daniela did have limits, and they were reachable. Two, with the plan he’d been concocting, she was gonna be forced to reach those limits, one way or the other.

~~

The next morning, Ricky put his plan into effect; A two day trip to the Copan Ruinas ruins, near the southern tip of the country.

“...The Copan Ruinas?” Daniela murmured as Ricky showed her the plans. “Wow...I’ve always wanted to go, how far is it from here?”

“About a 4 hour bus ride to Honduras, then a short jaunt to the ruins...I booked us 2 days, no sense traveling all that time for a single day of sightseeing…” He murmured, closing the tab.

Daniela looked up at him, eyes still alive with wonder. “Wow…” She repeated, a grin splitting her face. “When do we leave?”

He smiled. “Right now. I already got our stuff into the duffel bag, bus leaves from the hotel in 20 minutes…”

Daniela beamed, throwing her arms around him and kissing his lips. “Oh, this is going to be so much fun!”

Ricky kissed back with equal fervor, smiling to himself. Yes, it certainly would be...2 days out in the ruins, no hotel...and 4 and a half hours back to the city. She’d have no choice but to hold it the entire time...He was already shivering with excitement.

That afternoon, after a few more passes over the packing, the couple left their room and headed downstairs to wait for the bus. It arrived shortly after they did, and as they clambered on with a few other couples and a family, the bus driver leaned around his seat.

“Welcome to the bus bound for Copan Ruinas!” He said in heavily-accented English. “There will be one stop on the way at a convenience station to buy food, drinks and use the facilities.”

Daniela snorted at that last part.

“...After that, it’s non-stop to the ruins! Here we go!”

The bus pulled out of the parking lot, and they were off. Ricky had taken the liberty of making sure Daniela’s water bottle was filled, as well as taking some of the complimentary bottles from their room to refill with, since he was deliberately unsure of the running water situation where they were going.

Daniela had drained the entire bottle in the first hour, refilling it with one of the ones from her pack. After another hour, they stopped at a small convenience station for the passengers to stretch. Daniela wanted to buy a couple more water bottles, just in case...Ricky was only so happy to oblige.

They were nearly all gone as they arrived in Honduras. Daniela hadn’t peed since early the night before, so it was now about 17 hours since her last pee...and she looked no less comfortable than as if she’d peed at the convenience station.

The station they got off at looked a bit more ramshackle than in Guatemala...it was hardly more than an aluminum overhang propped up on two poles. There was a woman waiting for them as they got off the bus, with bronzed skin and a bright smile. “Welcome to Honduras! If you’ll all just wait a moment, the next shuttle to the ruins will be here momentarily!”

A few of the couples stood idly around, but one woman looked rather uncomfortable. She kept moving from foot to foot, growing more and more anxious looking the longer she stood. Finally, she turned to whisper something to her husband, who in turn began looking for the guide.

Daniela noticed this and smirked, gently elbowing Ricky. “Someone’s already in trouble…” She whispered.

Soon, the woman returned to lead the tourists to the shuttle, this one looking about the same state as the station...beaten aluminum with glassless windows on old looking wheels. Still, everyone climbed on, murmuring with excitement. The woman who had been looking anxious before hurried up to the guide, murmuring something to her. The guide’s smile fell slightly, and she gently shook her head. The woman looked rather miffed, but she pursed her lips and got on the bus after her husband.

The tour guide followed them on, her bright smile having returned. “Alright, folks...it’s about 30 minutes to the site! You’ll be divided into cabins based on your partners there, and then we’ll get started with the tour!”

The bus trip to the actual site was rather short in comparison to every other trip they’d taken, and already Rickey could see the tips of ancient moss-covered edifices coming over the treeline as they approached.

“If you’ll look to your right, you’ll be able to see the tops of the temples of the Copan Ruinas, constructed by splinters of the dynasty in Tikal, back in Guatemala…” the tour guide began launching into her knowledge of the structures as the bus pulled into a clearing that looked to have a large fire pit surrounding by 5 cabins.

The bus doors opened, and the group disembarked. The tour guide was the last off, and she immediately began separating the group into their cabins... Ricky and Daniela were placed in the one closest to the outside on the left.

The woman from before, now looking more and more distressed, hurried up to the guide, now pressed at her thighs and muttering urgently. The guide nodded, pointing the woman off the path towards a squat stone building a little ways up the road. The woman looked between the guide and the dingy bathroom with trepidation before deciding that she couldn’t wait any longer, waddling towards it.

The guide turned back to address the group. “These ruins are quite remote, so the facilities are a bit primitive, but still quite modern!”

Ricky’s eyes flitted to Daniela, who was already looking at the building with disdain and no small amount of revulsion. He smiled inwardly… she wouldn’t be going in there, he was sure. Still, he made a point of leaning over to her. “Kinda gnarly, don’t you think?”

Daniella made a grunt of disgust, her lips curled up. “Ugh, tell me about it…”

Ricky swallowed, his heart hammering in his chest. “I don’t know about you, but, I think I’ll steer clear…wait till we get back to the hotel...”

Daniela blinked, looking up at him. “What? Like...not pee till we get back?”

Ricky couldn’t help the cheeky smile blossoming on his features. “What? Don’t think you can do it?” he goaded.

“Course I can.” Daniela huffed quickly, taking the bait hook, line and sinker. “It’s you I’m worried about…”

Ricky chuckled. “I’ll be fine...let’s just enjoy our time here…” He went back to standing quietly, but inside he was shouting for joy. He’d convinced Daniela to hold her pee for two whole days...surely he’d see her bursting by then…”

After a brief lecture on safety and mindfulness, the tour guide began leading them away from the cabins and down towards the ruins.

Ricky had always had a passing interest in archaeology, but the way the guide described the weathered monuments and the history of the rulers who’d built them made him wonder if he hadn’t chosen the wrong field. It was all so fascinating...they spent the rest of the morning and most of the early afternoon just around one temple, observing the simian statues of the howler monkey gods and the tops of the ziggurats meant to reflect light to help the ancient Mayans tell the hour of the day. They broke for a brief lunch, with Daniela and Ricky consuming sandwiches they’d bought at the convenience store, with Daniela washing hers town with a large sweet tea...and Ricky wasn’t it sure, but he could swear she was looking at him when she did, as if in defiance of his supposed skepticism of her abilities.

The rest of the afternoon was spent near the back of another temple, with the guide explaining the origins of the temple in contrast to the rest of the site.

As the sun began to set, the guide dismissed them all for dinner and free time. “We’ll resume the tour tomorrow… and remember, no leaving the cabins after 11 PM! There are howler monkeys about, and they won’t hesitate to pickpocket you…” She chuckled as she turned and made her way towards her own cabin.

Ricky sat on one of the bed of their cabin opposite Daniela, smiling. “So...Been about 24 hours. How do you feel?”

Daniela turned from the mirror, making a show of rolling her eyes. “LIke I always do after 24 hours without a pee...nothing.” She smirked. “Your little challenge is doomed, my dear.”

Ricky leveled his gaze. “Then maybe you aren’t drinking enough...Maybe you’re skivving on your liquid consumption cause you’re worried…”

The look of indignation on Daniela’s face told Ricky all he needed to know. With a huff, she pulled open the chest of camping supplies at the foot of their bed, reached in and grab one of the jugs of water. She pulled the top off and brought it to her lips, downing nearly half of it in one go.

She wiped her mouth, now glaring at Ricky as she stalked over to him. “You’re gonna eat your fucking words, gringo…” She whispered as she leaned in to kiss his mouth.

Ricky found himself stiffening even harder, though he made no mention of it..he was beginning to feel an urge himself, despite having not drank nearly as much as Daniela had...best not push anything.

The two of them joined the rest of the couples around the fire pit for a little while before night fell in earnest. The rest of the company made use of the toilets up the way...all except for Daniela and Ricky, who merely retired for the evening.

~

The next morning, they were up early, ready to start the 2nd leg of the tour. Daniela polished off the rest of the jug with breakfast, leaving Ricky to merely sip from the bottles she hadn’t consumed. The morning consisted of explaining the origins of the temples in Tikal, and now the rulers of Copan Ruinas had splintered from the main dynasty to found their own.

Ricky definitely felt a decent urge now, to the point where he’d be considering finding a toilet were he not determined to wait with his girlfriend. His eyes flitted over to her, and he noticed with some ire that she still looked rather relaxed...but there were details to hone in on. She maintained a cross armed position, her lips somewhat tight and her jaw almost imperceptibly clenched. She was feeling it...and the bulge in her abdomen all but confirmed it. 40 hours without a pee, and she was only keeping still for his benefit.

When they broke for lunch, Ricky pretended to busy himself with his rice and beans, but out of the corner of his eye he could see Daniela taking smaller and more reserved sips. Every time he looked at her, though, she’d tip back the bottle, making a show of guzzling it all. He smirked; her pride would be her undoing.

They resumed the tour, coming up on the final leg of it. Daniela was definitely fidgeting now, shifting from foot to foot ever so often as her body continuously sent her signals that it had not voided itself of liquid waste since 6 pm two days ago. She pointedly ignored it, of course, even as the protrusion in her navel grew more pronounced.

As the afternoon wore on, Ricky began to get restless...it had been 31 hours since his last pee at the hotel the night before the tour, and he felt his own bladder swelling with liquid that was definitely wanting out.

Finally, at around 6 PM, the bus arrived to take them all back to Guatemala. “I hope you enjoyed the tour!” The guide said, addressing the group. “Please check your cabins to make sure you haven’t left any trash behind!”

As the group did a final sweep of the grounds for litter, Ricky saw Daniela try to bend over and pick up a piece of plastic… she immediately winced, shooting back up and going slightly knock-kneed, a hand on her abdomen.

When she saw him looking, however, she quickly removed her hand with a scowl, stomping back over to him.

Wow...Ricky thought to himself. She just squeezed almost 48 hours of pee with that move, and she’s still keeping it together…

They got back on the shuttle back to the station, with Daniela keeping abnormally still all the way.

As they got off and boarded the bus, Daniela sat down gingerly next to Ricky, taking a deep breath, her hand clenched in her lap. She did her best to keep still, but couldn't help gently bouncing in her seat. She was obviously desperate for a pee, but she was still maintaining control. Ricky only had four more hours to witness it before she got her pee back at the hotel, he had to make it count.

“Hey, I brought the rest of our water… didn’t wanna just leave it behind…”

Daniela didn’t say anything, but the slight purse of her lips and tightening of her face was all he needed to see.

Ricky smiled as she snatched the jug from him, huffing before unscrewing the cap, upending the rest into her mouth.

Ricky himself fidgeted as he watched the liquid drain into his girlfriend’s mouth, the longing to pour forth his own stream growing more acute by the minute and stifled only by his rising arousal at the way Daniela was forcing even more water into her stretched bladder out of sheer spite.

When at last she finished it, she thrust it back at him with a huff, crossing her arms and going back to gently wiggling in the seat.

The bus pulled away, and within minutes they were back on the main road.

Ricky’s eyes were on Daniela the entire time as she got progressively fidgetier, uncrossing her arms and pressing them into her lap as she tried to take deep, relaxing breaths. She exhaled shakily, rubbing her hands up and down her thighs. Ricky could see her bladder was swollen to the size of a football now, stretching against her tights as she continued to grind her arse down into the seat.

2 hours into the trip, they stopped at the same convenience station, where a few of the couples debussed to make use of the facilities. Ricky almost followed them...his bladder was beginning to sting, and it was all he could do to simply keep his thighs pressed together through the acute sensations. He saw Daniela’s eyes flit up to the fluorescent windows, and in them he saw something he never expected to see from Daniela where a bathroom was concerned; longing. She was biting her lip, still bouncing gently in the seat, one hand on her abdomen and one clenched tightly beside her.

“Hey…” Ricky murmured, barely keeping the excitement out of his voice. “You alright?”

Daniela immediately seized up, but she set her jaw and nodded. “I’m fine…” She muttered, a bit too quickly and too tersely for it to be true.

The relieved passengers ambled back onto the bus with agonizing slowness, and Ricky could see Daniela gritting her teeth. He could almost hear her willing them to move faster, though she still would not break and openly admit the need that was beyond apparent to him.

As the bus got moving again, the sky began to darken overhead as clouds moved in. Within moments, it was pouring rain, sheets coming down in torrents to splatter noisily against the windows. Daniela closed her eyes, grinding her teeth as she was forced to bounce a little more vigorously, her arse shaking side to side.

When at last they pulled up to the hotel in Guatemala City, Daniela’s right thigh was bouncing constantly. Ricky wasn’t doing much better, but the stiffness in his cock from watching Daniela’s subtle desperate grappling was helping mitigate his own struggle.

They left the bus and he unloaded their things as Daniela stood by, arms crossed, all but hopping from foot to foot now.

After giving his own crotch a squeeze, Ricky hoisted the duffel bag and followed the wincing steps of his girlfriend as they strode into the hotel lobby. They both made straight for the elevator, gently scissoring their thighs back and forth. This was definitely the most desperate Ricky had been, and if he was desperate with 35 hours of pee, he could only imagine how Daniela must’ve felt, containing almost 52 hours of pee in her cramped, gargantuan bladder.

As the elevator made its way down with agonizing slowness, the pair did their best to keep a bit more still, though it proved a struggle for them as both their brimming bladders strained against their waistbands, demanding to either be allowed to expand or empty.

At last, the door opened, and they rushed inside, quickly pressing the button for their floor.

A few agonizing moments later, they were wincing their way into their room, both gritting their teeth.

“S-see? Told you I could do it…” Daniela huffedin triumph, smirking in triumph even as she rocked back and forth on her toes. Ricky wasn’t happy about it, but Daniela had indeed lasted the whole 2 days and then some without a pee and only mild discomfort… And he’d still plenty enjoyed watching her decorum crack, if only slightly. “Now, why don’t you get the relief you need?” She teased, sitting down with crossed legs and only a mild bounce to her now. Ricky wanted to scowl, but he was in dire need of a pee, and there was no longer any reason to deny himself one.

However, when he turned to the bathroom door, he would see a printed note left on it on official hotel stationery.

Dear valued guest, it read. We regret to inform you that the storm has knocked out a powerline at the water filtration plant, backing up the pressure and causing a shutdown of the water to this building. We are working to resolve this situation as quickly as possible, and we apologize for any inconvenience.

Ricky stared at the note, trembling with both fear and delight as he read it.

“Ricky?” Daniela asked from across the room, still jiggling. “What is it?”

Ricky swallowed, turning to her. “The...the water’s out...they’re working on it, but they don’t know when it’ll be fixed...Toilet’s probably got one more flush in it but that’s it...”

Daniela’s caramel skin seemed to pale somewhat as she considered the implications of his words.

She swallowed, setting her jaw. “Well…” She muttered, continuing to bounce up and down. “You wanted to see how long I can go? Now’s your chance…”

Ricky hardly dared to believe it. “You… you mean…”

“Yeah.” Daniela said resolutely, her fists clenched beside her. “I’ll pee when the water’s back.”

Ricky swallowed. “We don’t know how long that’ll be…”

Daniela shook her head. “Doesn’t matter. I’ll wait.”

Ricky grunted as blood surged to his cock so fast it physically hurt. Daniela was already bearing 53 hours of piss without significant complaint despite the fact that she obviously wanted to let go, and now she was gonna take the cap off the other end and wait indefinitely.

“...Wow…” He croaked out.

The woman swallowed, getting to her feet with some difficulty. “Well…” She grunted. “Nothing more to be done now...let’s just...just go to bed…” She muttered.

And so, denied the relief they were both acutely craving, Ricky and Daniela stripped themselves down to their underwear, both sporting enormous bulges, though Daniela’s was considerably bigger. They climbed gingerly into bed, letting slip only a slight wince as they turned off the lights and settled down, trying to rest despite the aching, gnawing fullness between each of their hips.

~

The next morning Ricky awoke to a constant, throbbing pain as his 42-hour piss load pulsated behind his quivering cock.

He groaned, giving himself a gentle squeeze as he slowly sat up, looking round. Daniela was already up, standing by the window, one leg crossed over the other but otherwise still.

“Nng...g-good morning, hon…” He muttered, getting gingerly to his feet. “Have they...is the water back on yet?”

“Nope.” She responded. The phrase was short, clipped...tense.

Daniela let out a shaky breath, turning round, and what Ricky saw nearly made his eyes pop out of his head.

It looked as though his girlfriend was in her third trimester, her corpulent bladder stretching her skin as taut as it could go so that it was slightly white in the middle. She had one hand on the obscene bulge, the other rubbing at her thigh.

“Woah…” Ricky muttered, his eyes glued to the protruding behemoth of a bladder the dusky-skinned minx was nursing. “You-”

“I’m fine.” The woman said, despite the fact that her legs hadn’t stopped rubbing against one another the whole time and her face was tight with pain. Yet she persevered, refused to admit to the grueling agony of 60 hours worth of roiling, boiling piss stretching and straining the screaming walls of her bladder.

Not much got done that day...both Ricky and Daniela were too full to do much else but pace the room, wiggle about, and occasionally throw their heads back and groan. Still, neither uttered a word...it seemed they were intent on denying themselves the luxury of even vocalizing their needs, despite how plainly one could see it.

As morning dragged on to afternoon, and afternoon to evening, Ricky was beginning to lose it. He swore he could see spots as his toes curled, his feet stamping the ground as he leaned against the wall, cradling the piss-swollen bowling ball in his abdomen.

He’d held on far longer than he ever thought possible, and even though he felt like his bladder would rupture at any moment, he refused to give in. Wiping a bit of sweat from his brow, he looked over at Daniela, leaned against the desk, her abdomen stretching at least 6 inches away from her body. Her eyes were shut tight, and she was taking deep, rhythmic breaths to try and maintain control. Her arms shook, her thighs trembled...she was bursting. Well and truly bursting...and yet, she did not surrender.

Evening came, and the room was filled with the hisses, grunts, groans and whimpers of sheer agony as the desperation of the couple reached a fever pitch.

Ricky had taken to grabbing his cock and trying to stroke himself to hardness, hoping to give his hose a reprieve from the gusher it was dying to spew forth.

Daniela was beyond decency now, both hands buried in her crotch as she slid up and down the wall, taking deep, ragged breaths...and still, she did not run to the bathroom, did not dare release the load that could have filled the bladders of 5 normal women 5 times over.

“G-God…” Ricky breathed, finally breaking the silence. “You look...y-you look pregnant...it must hurt…”

Daniela opened her eyes, her gaze distant and blurred. “I…...I t-toooOOlldd you…*oooh* I-I’m waiting till the water’s back…ungh...” She grunted, her eyes watering with the effort it took to even stand upright, let alone keep her 66 hours of pee contained.

Just then, the phone next to the bed rang. Ricky staggered forth, one hand still wrapped tightly round his groin as he picked it up with trembling fingers.

“H-Hello?” He groaned, his voice tinny and strained.

Hello, valued guest, said the automated voice. We’re calling to inform you that the power has been restored at the plant, and your water should now be in working order. Again, we apologize for the inconvenience...your stay’s rate will be prorated to compensate. Thank you.

Ricky felt his heart leap in his chest.

Daniela looked up, hope in her eyes. “Who was that? Is the water back on?”

Ricky wrestled with himself for a moment. “...No…” He murmured. “No, not yet...they’re still working on it…”

Daniela’s face visibly fell, and she grit her teeth with a shuddering breath for a moment before giving a quick nod. “A-alright…”

3 hours passed...almost 11 PM. Daniela was dying. She’d never held this much piss, for so long before...she felt almost numb between her legs. It was getting somewhat hard to breath as her monstrous bladder crowded the rest of her organs in an attempt to expand even further.

Ricky was on the floor, hips trembling and both hands gripping his cock. The knowledge that he could pee if he wanted to, that the toilet was fixed made it that much harder to resist the urge to give in...but the delicious satisfaction from being desperate himself, not to mention watching his proud girlfriend suffer herself, outstripped his immense pain.

Suddenly, Ricky heard a toilet flush through the wall. His eyes flipped open, and he raised his head to see if Daniela had heard the same thing. Her wide eyes and alive expression confirmed his fears. The jig was up.

He slowly rolled himself over, crying out as he was forced to rest partially on his bladder in order to get to his feet. Slowly, he began to stagger towards the toilet, when he heard a voice from behind him.

“N-no.”

Ricky turned to see Daniela struggling to her own feet, almost immediately doubling over as she cradled her mammoth bladder, her face tight with pain. “N-no...Midnight...N-nn...New Year’s…”

Ricky blinked, turning to the wall calender. It was indeed December 31st; there was but an hour till the New Year… and what better way to ring it in than with a gushing piss?

And so, Ricky turned away from the toilet, hobbling back towards Daniela, the two of them settling in for the final hour.

A half hour in, both were beyond shamelessly dancing, crossing their legs tightly, thrust hands into their own crotches, each other’s crotches, anything to help them hold back.

15 minutes.

Ricky could feel darkness blurring the edge of his vision, causing him to pant in order to get oxygen to his starved brain.

10 minutes.

Daniela was groaning so loud it was certain the rooms next to them could hear, but she didn’t care. Her skin was stretched so tight over her abdomen it looked ashen. She was dancing from foot to foot like a child, her abdomen quivering as it looked ready to split at the seams.

5 minutes.

Both of them moved to the bathroom, clawing feverishly at their crotches as the toilet stood, ready and waiting to accept their endless golden offerings. It was all Ricky could do not to pull his cock out and give the porcelain bowl a hosing it had likely never seen.

30 seconds.

Daniela had already pulled her tights and miraculously dry panties down and off, now naked from the waist down and stradling the toilet. Her hands pressed at her pussy, her head thrown back in sheer torment as she held back with all the strength she had left.

10 seconds.

Ricky pulled out his cock with a trembling hand, already pointing it at the bowl.

5...

4...

3...

2...

The buzzer on Ricky’s iphone signaling midnight was drowned out by the couples strangled cry as they both relinquished their holds on their rupturing bladders at the same time, 39 and 78 hours worth of roiling dark piss splattering noisily into the bowl. For a moment, they maintained their pained expressions; it appeared that their loads were so great that releasing had not yet granted them relief...but after a moment…

Both of them moaned in orgasmic euphoria as their bladders finally crossed the threshold and began to deflate, their streams growing in intensity and roping with wild abandon into the toilet below. So great was the combined force of their gushes that the bowl actually began to fill up, automatically flushing to keep up with the torrential output.

2 minutes passed...then 3...then 5...then 7.

After 9 minutes, their flows finally began to slow, coming down from power hose to pressure washer, then to faucet and slowly down to trickle. The toilet flushed again as the last of their bladders filled it to the brim once more, whisking away the dark frothing pee with a wet *glug*.

Both of them sank, Ricky to the floor and Daniela onto the toilet, panting heavily, jaws slack and gazes unfocused.

They both lay there for a few moments, almost insensate from the massive release they’d experienced.

Finally, Ricky raised his head, blinking the blurriness out of his eyes. “...Th-that...that was…”

“...Yeah…” Daniela breathed, giving a tired chuckle. “Fuck...that was...wow…”

They both continued to sit there, reveling in the afterglow of their momentous pisses for a while longer before Ricky pulled himself up to plant a kiss on Daniela’s mouth.

She returned with a tired ardor, bringing a hand up to his face as she did.

“...Told you I could do it…” She breathed, making them both chuckle. “But I’ll admit...I was bursting…” She whispered the last word in his ear, and immediately Ricky felt energy surge back into his body...well, a specific part, anyway.

“Hey…” Daniela murmured, still breathing heavily. “We still got...a week left…” She murmured. “Let’s see if we can’t break the record, huh?”

Ricky merely looked up at her, swallowing. “...I love you…”

She smiled. “I love you too...now, let’s get in the shower and I’ll show you how much…”

THE END.

*002*2020-11-13 05:50

{{19 minutes ago, fortardball87 said:

Hot damn was this good! I haven't read extreme desperation of this quality in a long time, glad to see that the genre hasn't died out. If I may ask, do you have any plans for future stories? (not necessarily relating to Ricky and Daniela, just any stories in general)

}}

I do! I have a few commissions I’m finishing and then some individual stories of my own haha

*004*2020-11-13 23:02

{{34 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

I absolutely loved that story it was such a enjoyable read

}}

Thank you!

*006*2020-11-14 08:54

{{37 minutes ago, Manticore said:

Amazing as always, thanks for writing! Loved that it was both of them holding on all the way

}}

Thank you!
