Ladies Retreat

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-06-20 10:56

“Oh my God, this is so exciting!” Lauren whispered to her friend Taryn on the phone. She looked over shoulder to make sure Jerry wasn’t watching through the kitchen window.

“Yeah, I know!” The squealing voice responded just as a familiar minivan came into view some fifty feet away. “OK, we are just coming now…”

“Party! Let’s go! WOOOOOOOOOOO!” Deep yelled out of the open driver-side window. Lauren gestured for her to pipe down as she wrestled her luggage bag towards the vehicle. Taryn hopped out to help as Deep’s excited chatter continued.

Deep, generally the leader of the quartet and certainly the girl with the deepest pockets, had rented the peculiar getaway resort. It was an old cabin, with four little bedrooms, a kitchen and living room area, and one washroom.

Aki was the odd one of the group. A bit on the shy side, but the girls knew her pretty well since they had all been friends since 5th grade. As usual, Aki had refused to come, saying she had to work on her PhD studies. Deep had finally convinced her by giving her permission to plan a special activity which everyone else had to partake in. They had once found desperation porn on her computer and had teased her about it. It was more funny than anything but Aki was highly sensitive to it. That said, she couldn’t help being turned on each time her friends decided to drink way too much around her. If only one of the three had been lesbian! She would have the perfect wet partner. Then her rational mind would drift back to how quickly she tended to grow weary of all three of them- it would never work.

They had last convinced Aki to join them on an overnight trip by agreeing to chug a half-liter of water before the two-hour drive began and not stopping for a pee break during the commute. Aki had declined to come nor believed their promises until Deep had shown up at her house with a pack of adult diapers in hand. Aki quickly agreed to the deal and the three women had downed the large plastic water bottles as she hurriedly packed. Unbelievably excited, Aki had chugged a whole lot of water herself in the bathroom, immediately before and after her pre-trip pee.

As Deep reverse-steered her BMW 2-Series out of Lauren’s driveway, Taryn excitedly welcomed Lauren to the vehicle. Aki smiled to herself- there was no doubt that Taryn’s outward glee was in part that she hadn’t been asked to drink water first. Things had gotten quiet last trip after Taryn’s accident, albeit only for a brief twenty-minute stretch. Aki had suspected that her friends had grown to enjoy the pee games on some level. Even if they didn’t and were just putting up with them in exchange for her company, she would happily make that trade seven days of the week.

Lauren finally spoke as they rolled away from the house. “Sorry about telling you all to quiet down there. I was totally complaining to Jerry this morning how I didn’t really want to go but you all were forcing me to come!”

The car erupted with laughter. The reality was Lauren and Deep had pestered the other two women for months. Free time had finally aligned this long weekend so the three were off to their first trip together this year.

The ladies continued with their excited chatter for the next half-hour. Deep had brought along a cooler full of water bottles and Aki was happy to hand them out. Deep drank quickly as she drove. Being the experimental and sexual type, her intrigue in Aki’s pee fetish had grown over the past six months. Her and two-year boyfriend Minhas now regularly included pee games in their love life- Deep hadn’t yet told her friends but planned to reveal all this weekend. Thank God for Aki and her weird kinks!

Taryn progressively grew quieter- a definite sign that she needed to pee. Everyone knew this from experience. Lauren had noticed that Aki’s eyes were locked on Taryn, seated shotgun next to Deep. There was no way Aki was going to miss a moment of the action, despite how obvious her peeping was. Taryn had the smallest bladder of the group and, having suffered from the most pee-related issues over the years, she was the main girl in Aki’s spank bank.

Aki could feel her own bladder filling and there was still over ninety minutes of driving to go. Her legs shook from the uncontrollable excitement in the pit of her stomach- this was going to be a weekend to remember!

*001*2023-06-21 13:45

As she intently observed Taryn’s mounting desperation while sipping her own water, Aki’s thoughts drifted back to their last trip together. While all three women, then sporting diapers beneath their loose skirts, had complained about their full bladders, only Taryn had actually lost control of her urinary organ. She had stopped wriggling suddenly and grown quiet, a sure sign she had started to soil her protective adult garment. Deep had asked her if she was peeing and Taryn had stammered an embarrassed denial. However, her silence, reddened face, stone posture, and fixed gaze out of the passenger seat side window spoke certain truth to the others.

Despite also needing the washroom extremely urgently, Aki had lagged behind to observe the hot scene. Deep and Lauren had raced ahead, hobbling, crotch-clutching, and hand-fighting the entire way like little children. Taryn had paused, still immobile in her seat and deciding what to do- maybe waiting until Aki went in was the best move. But Aki didn’t move, so Taryn changed strategy on the fly and tried to hurriedly exit the car. Aki, gripping her own crotch through her high-cut, high waisted shorts stepped out of the car and immediately thanked her lucky stars. Taryn’s leaky, saggy diaper had made a couple of sizeable wet spots on the back of her lime-green summer skirt- what a scene!

Hopelessly turned on, Aki, a notorious clean-freak, couldn’t help torturing herself for just a moment. She had quickly circled around Deep’s Mercedes SUV, shutting the open doors with her free hand- the other forcefully pressing her vulva. Then, she had wriggle-walked into the AirBnB home to listen to Deep’s and Lauren’s sighs of relief coming from her left; the sound of Taryn’s footsteps indicated she had wisely headed upstairs to the other bathroom.

Aki had reached Lauren and Deep, at the toilet and the bathtub respectively, just as they were lowering their skirts back down- they had already stripped off their diapers and relieved themselves. Regretting her mindless decision to close car doors but more desperate than ever, Aki tried to step around Lauren to access the unflushed toilet. Now free of Aki’s perverted deal, Lauren pushed her away from the facility. Immediately realizing Deep would deny her the bathtub too, Aki had rushed to the back of the house. She had leaked while struggling to unlock the back door, and again as she had twisted in place trying to get her shorts off next to a large garbage container, which at least shielded her from the view of the neighbors on the house’s right.

After taping up their diapers into balls and disposing them in the washroom trash bin, Lauren and Deep rushed out to find Aki- it was payback time. The sound of Aki’s pee splattering on the cement surface led them outside. There she squatted, making a giant pee puddle on the back patio. To Aki's horror, her friends had pulled out their phones. Deep was recording a clip while Lauren excitedly snapped photos, moving from the Asian girl’s side to front to capture all the juicy angles. Aki tried to cover up as she could while yelling at them to stop, but stopping her pee stream was impossible at this point. She couldn’t help but laugh at the comedic scene as she shook off her butt, pulled up her shorts, and chased a giggling Deep around the lawn.

Fortunately, Taryn snapped out her funk quickly after watching Aki being teased outside from the bathroom window. The scene gave her a chance to strip off her drenched diaper and dump it in the trash can. Then, she ran back to the car to grab a clean pair of shorts. As the other three girls re-entered the house, Taryn was just exiting the downstairs washroom after dumping her wet skirt in the cabinet beneath the bathroom sink.

Aki was the focus of attention now, so no one paid attention to Taryn. Aki was checking Deep and Lauren’s phones to make sure they had deleted all photos and videos of her. It was a bit sad seeing such great content being deleted, but she couldn’t trust such photos of her ending up in the wrong hands. That said, being filmed while relieving herself outside had been a hot thrill all in itself! As Taryn had joined in the teasing, Aki had escaped to an upstairs bedroom. Luckily for Aki, the girls hadn’t followed her, so she had been able to take a quick detour into the washroom to explore Taryn’s soiled diaper.

It had been carelessly left on top of the shut toilet seat- Taryn had been in a panic, needing to grab dry clothing from the car. Aki had eagerly lifted the heavy, saggy, and wet protective garment to her face- it was still warm from holding the results of Taryn’s accident. The inside of the diaper was stained a light yellow- Taryn had been well hydrated. Aki lowered her nose into the crotch and inhaled deeply, eyes closed. The sweet aroma of her friend’s feminine urine filled her nostrils- it was amazing. Suddenly, Aki heard footsteps running up the stairs. She quickly dumped the diaper into the empty washroom bin and rinsed off her hands. Taryn, having remembered her drenched diaper, was hurriedly returning to the scene of the crime to make sure Aki hadn’t found it.

Aki opened the door just as Taryn was reaching for the doorknob. They stared at each other, equally embarrassed. Taryn eyes drifted to the toilet directly behind Aki and then the trash bin to her left. Aki blushed, knowing Taryn had realized she had been handling her wet diaper.

Taryn stammered. “Oh… Sorry, I, uh, left…”

Aki’s face burned ever redder. “Um, yeah… I’m just gonna…”

She pointed at the bedroom behind Taryn who eagerly stepped aside to let her pass. Aki got to the door just as Deep and Lauren were running up to harass her some more. Their yells from the other side of the locked door only heightened Aki’s blend of humiliation and horniness. She pleasured herself as taunts of “C'mon open up, I’m wetting myself!”, “Someone lend me a pair of dry panties!” and “Want me to pee in your bed, Aki?” echoed through the house. Aki bit down hard on her lower lip to refrain from squealing as she climaxed.

The girls had continued their show the following morning- all of them had peed with the bathroom door open, with over-acted loud sighs of relief. Despite getting teased all four days, Aki had fond memories of the trip and had masturbated thinking about it countless times.

