The Pleasures of Tea Shopping

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-03-17 15:06

Hi everyone, this story involves females only. It follows from my previous one, entitled Pooja's Birthday

.

Pooja casually traced her fingers over the varied tea boxes stacked on the shelf in front of her. Tea was a great way for her and Julian to fill up on cold winter nights. She crossed one leg over the other, her bladder was steadily filling under her black, knee-length business skirt.

She hadn’t peed since leaving home over four hours ago. Since then, she had sipped a large coffee in her office and gulped down her half-liter water bottle while delivering her 3-hour afternoon lesson. She had stopped at the grocery store on her drive home- a typical commute home for her with a full bladder tortured by more sips from a refilled water bottle. Stopping at the grocery store was always a rush. The 20-minute delay often resulted in squirting into her panties as she struggled to make it inside with arms full of grocery bags.

Pooja’s tea and pee thoughts were interrupted by a familiar voice behind her.

“Oh hiiiii Pooja! how are you?!”

Pooja turned around to face an old co-worker, Maryna- they had worked together as contract instructors at Rocky Mountain College until Pooja had landed an Assistant Professor position at the University of Western Colorado. As always, Maryna was well-dressed. Today, she wore a red dress with matching shoes. A thin light-grey button-up sweater was neatly worn over the top half of the dress. It was a warm afternoon, but things would cool quickly as the evening hours arrived.

“Oh, hello Maryna! It’s been a while. How are you guys? We haven’t seen you both in, like, forever!” While they had worked together, the couples had hung out frequently.

“We’re great! Yeah, actually I we saw you two…” Her voice trailed off.

“Yes?”

Maryna seemed hesitant to continue.

“Well, it’s just that… we were pulling into the Thirsty Climber the other evening and we noticed you guys leaving…” Her voice trailed off.

“Oh! Yeah!” Pooja yelped, drawing attention from a couple of shoppers down the aisle. Her face burned red as she realized what Maryna and Steve had seen.

“Um… Julian really had to pee, so we were just leaving.” Despite her embarrassment, it was probably just best to acknowledge the awkward topic and put it on her husband. She mentally sent out a quick apology to him.

“Oh.”

“Yeah, he’s real shy about peeing in public toilets…” she invented quickly. “We had to get back home so he could go.” She laughed nervously.

“Oh, Steve never mentioned anything like that.”

“Yeah, he’s usually okay with waiting until he’s home, but with alcohol sometimes…” Pooja was regretting her lie more and more each passing second. But, what else was she supposed to say? They were a freaky couple who loved peeing their pants?

“Well, did he make it OK? It looked like he was…” Again, her voice trailed off. Pooja’s embarrassment heightened- not only had they seen Julian dying for a piss, they had seen him losing control in his jeans. She wondered if they suspected their sexual fetish. What had she and Steve talked about at the bar? Were they meeting someone else there? Had those someones filled in the details of Julian growing desperate in the middle of the busy bar?

“Yeah, he was mostly OK. He leaked a bit, but we got home in time.” As she lied, she grew excited at the memory of her husband’s huge accident… and then her own accident… and then the hot sex that had followed. Another part of her could scarcely believe she was telling an old friend her husband had peed in his pants.

“Oh… that’s good, I guess.” As Maryna continued eyeing her curiously, Pooja’s own bladder sent a warning pang causing her to jiggle on the spot.

“Yeah, okay I really gotta get going here… get dinner ready before Julian gets home. Great seeing you!”

“Yeah, you too- let’s meet soon.” Pooja noticed her eyes wander down to her crossed, quivering legs before she moved along. Pooja quickly grabbed an orange spice flavoured tea and strode to the checkout counter. She had planned to purchase a few more things, but damn Maryna had consumed a few of her precious minutes and she was absolutely bursting.

Pooja impatiently tapped the toe of her high heels as she waited in line, then crossed her legs again. She needed to pee SO badly. The feeling of drenching her skirt in the shower was going to be amazing! She just needed to hold on until she got home.

Pooja paid for her groceries and tried to focus on where she had parked her Mazda. It was always tough to remember basic things when her bladder was full. Luckily, her car wasn’t too far away- the store usually got busier after 5:30. She hurriedly dumped her bags in the hatchback trunk and shut it.

Before she could start walking to the driver’s seat, a yell halted her progress. “Pooja, wait!” Maryna was speed-walking towards her.

“Oh, you’re here…” Pooja agitatedly shifted her legs. Maryna was making her life hell right now.

“Yeah, sorry… listen, this is super embarrassing to admit. But I got really turned on by seeing Julian. I haven’t told Steve, but I really need to talk to you about it.” Pooja sensed she was nervous- everything was blurted out in one long breath.

Pooja’s bladder pulsed and she involuntarily bent her legs and shifted her feet trying not to wet her full-cut white cotton panties under her dark-brown pantyhose. Maryna’s eyes widened at the sight of the attractive and desperate Indian woman dancing in front of her.

“Okay, c’mon- get in, quick!” Pooja instructed as she turned and hurried into the driver seat. Maryna didn’t need to be told twice. She eagerly hopped into the car and the ladies were on their way. In between her moans, gasps, and cries about how badly she needed to pee, Pooja shared the details about their pee games. Maryna couldn’t really speak- she was hopelessly aroused by Pooja clutching herself as she drove with one hand, her skirt hiked up to her panties.

As she turned into her driveway, Pooja felt herself leak. Maryna had her eyes locked on her- her mouth opened wordlessly as Pooja gasped sharply. Maryna’s gaze intensified as she searched for evidence of wetness around the woman’s crotch. Feeling the warm wetness on her fingers as her pee seeped through her panties, Pooja slammed the car into park and turned off the engine.

She didn’t bother retrieving the groceries this time- she was way too desperate to bother with the two bags in her trunk. Even though she had just admitted her darkest secrets to her, she still wanted to maintain some dignity and not give Maryna a wetting show at her front door. She squirted again as she got the door unlocked- just eleven steps to the shower now; she knew from experience. She carelessly kicked off her shoes as Maryna shut the door behind her.

Pooja started losing complete control as she hobbled to the bathroom. Her bladder exploded into her professional clothes and her pee sprayed everywhere as she made a beeline for the shower. Maryna excitedly followed the wet trail into the bathroom- she flipped on the light as she entered it.

Pooja stood in the shower, sighing with relief. She had released the grip on her crotch and her palms now rested on her stomach as she wet her skirt. Pee streams ran down both of her legs and into the shower drain. Pooja opened her eyes as she continued peeing- it was a wild thrill wetting herself in front of an aroused woman. Realizing Maryna wanted to see more, Pooja lifted up her skirt as she finished peeing, revealing her drenched undergarments. Droplets trickled from her pantyhose as she released the final few spurts into her clothes.

Unable to contain her horniness a moment longer, Maryna had also hiked up her dress and begun rubbing herself. It was swiftly getting hot and sweaty under the sweater, so she clumsily undid the buttons with her left hand. Her right hand was preoccupied with pleasuring her clitoris. She shook the sweater off her shoulders, and worked the free arm through- it dangled off the rubbing arm, swaying to and fro on the tiled bathroom floor.

Pooja remained standing vulnerably in the shower with her skirt held up as Maryna masturbated. Their eyes locked for a brief moment before Maryna went back to admiring her soiled crotch. Also turned on, Pooja undid her skirt and let it fall to her feet. Then she undid her purple blouse, revealing her 34B breasts encased in a stunning white bra.

Maryna’s rubbing intensified as Pooja stripped in front of her. As the attractive woman lowered her wet pantyhose, bringing her soiled white panties into full view, Maryna climaxed. She screamed with pleasure and collapsed to the floor. There was an audible thud as her voluptuous body contacted the vanity counter behind her. She stopped rubbing as she released her womanly orgasmic gasps, her fingers still pressing into her vulva through her panties.

Finally, after a few quick breaths, she removed her hand from her crotch- there was a visible wetness on her pink cotton panties. The women’s eyes finally diverted from each other as Pooja stepped out of the shower, now wearing just her underwear. She reached down and grabbed spent Maryna’s arm and lifted her up off the cold floor.

“Let’s go to the couch- we can warm up with the fireplace.” She slid her hand into her girlfriend’s, intending to escort her out of the bathroom. Maryna hesitated.

“Hang on, my turn.” She shook off her sweater and stripped off her dress, revealing a red bra which perfectly matched the dress. Still wearing her panties, she sat down on the toilet and emptied her own bladder. Pooja admired her wet spot as she finished peeing and gave her a few more rubs for good measure. Despite orgasming only moments earlier, Maryna shivered as electricity ran through her body in response to the feminine touch.

“Want some tea?” Pooja offered, as they exited the bathroom in wet panties, holding hands.

“Sure, good idea- I’m thirsty!”

