Pooja's birthday

Author: fullbladder

*000*2023-03-07 06:05

Hi again, this story is the follow up to Wet Student Roleplay

. Once again, it probably isn't for everyone as it focuses on Pooja's fantasy so it's her husband going through most of the desperation. There is some female action later though.

Pooja’s own bladder seemed to fill more quickly as she enjoyed her helplessly desperate husband flirting with her. They were at their favourite local pub, the Thirsty Climber- it was a ten-minute walk from home, fifteen if you took the quieter streets.

It was Pooja’s twenty-eighth birthday and they had both taken the day off work, just as they had done for Julian’s thirtieth six weeks ago. As planned, they had arrived at the pub together, but Julian had remained outside for five minutes. As she had ordered her drink, Pooja had enjoyed him pacing around in his black jeans and grey sweater. After chugging two liters of water back home, he was already desperate for the urinal.

As she sipped her dirty martini whilst watching her husband repeatedly check the time on his phone, Pooja’s attention also drifted to the darkening sky. Judging by Julian’s awkward shifting, they’d be walking home pretty soon, but it would likely be dark enough by then. As she thought about what was going to happen, she grew sexually excited- her pussy was already wet and the fun hadn’t really even started yet. What a hot birthday wish she had made!

Finally, Julian had entered the noisy pub and casually took the seat next to her. He ordered a 24-ounce beer and the cheery young bartender, Emily, had the drink poured and served to him within thirty seconds. As he accepted the drink, he turned to Pooja who was eagerly watching the show.

“Hi there, I’m Julian.” He offered a handshake to the attractive Indian woman wearing a black, knee-length skirt and jungle-green blouse. She returned his handshake.

“Cheers, I’m Pooja.” She raised her half-full glass and they both sipped.

The fake small talk went on for about ten minutes as Julian gulped his way through the large drink. He was constantly shifting in his chair now. Pooja wondered how much longer it would be before he officially tried to “pick her up” and asked her to leave the bar with him. Being a proper lady, she was planning to make him wait just a little bit longer before she accepted. Pooja finished her drink and began nibbling on her lemon slice.

Remaining true to his role as an interested suiter, Julian sprung into action and called out to the bartender. “Another drink for the lady.”

Emily came over and confirmed Pooja wanted the same drink, then looked over at Julian. “How about you- another beer?”

Julian looked down at his mug- there was still a third to go and he needed to pee urgently already. He doubted he could hold on through another large beer. He snuck a peek at Pooja who smiled softly and nodded. They had been talking at the bar for nearly a half-hour now- he must truly be desperate.

“OK, sure- thanks.” Julian replied painfully and paid for the drinks.

As Emily began preparing the drinks, Pooja’s thoughts briefly returned to her own bladder. She had not been drinking anywhere near Julian’s level, but she had been sipping from her water bottle all afternoon. She hadn’t peed since they had used the toilet together after lunch.

The drinks arrived and Julian chugged the remainder of his first beer. His fist was resting on top of his shaking leg. He was fighting the urge to grab his cock through his jeans- he had to go SO badly.

“Hey, is everything ok down there?” Pooja nodded towards his crotch.

“Oh yeah, everything’s fine.” He lied. Earlier that day, Pooja had requested that Julian would be extremely shy about his need to pee.

“OK cool- thanks for the drink. Cheers!” She raised her glass, strategically forcing him to drink again. Julian realized there was no way he would be leaving the pub without finishing this drink- it was best he accomplish the deed as quickly as possible. The longer he waited, the more his bladder would fill.

“So, what do you like to see in a girl?” Pooja purred. The drunken fake conversation had progressed from career and hobbies to slightly raunchier topics.

“Mostly common hobbies, you know… nice person, stuff like that.” He was having an almost impossible time focusing on the conversation. His bladder was absolutely bursting- warning pangs were frequent and painful. He subtly pressed his fingers against the head of his penis, hoping no one at the busy pub would notice.

“Mmmm….” Pooja closed her eyes and rocked her head to the catchy rock music; it was a tell-tale sign of her drunkenness. She opened her eyes to grin at her husband. “Hobbies… like… going to the beach for a swim? Maybe hiking up a mountain and enjoying the waterfalls along the way?”

Julian opened his mouth in horror as his bladder seemed to flip inside his body. His urine seemed to reach the very tip of his penis before he was somehow to stop the squirt into his sexy red panties, a special gift from Pooja. His hand was fully clutching his penis now. He really had to get some of this beer down and ask Pooja to leave with him before he made a giant puddle right there at the bar!

Julian brought the glass to his lips and took several large gulps.

Pooja giggled. “Woahhh easy there, tiger! I can’t screw you if you’re too drunk to consent.” Julian knew from experience that she was tipsy- her dirty jokes always emerged with alcohol.

Julian was too desperate to reply. His legs quivered as he tried to maintain his dignity- he was in severe danger of wetting his pants in public. He was full-on clutching himself now, not caring if people saw- the embarrassment was merely a fraction of the humiliation he would feel if he soaked his pants.

He chugged from the mug again- it was about half-finished when he set it down. His legs scissored as he struggled to hold on for just a little while longer. Another series of gulps and the drink would be done- then he would ask his wife to leave. Maybe she would accept. He got up from the bar stool and danced next to it.

“Oh, getting up? Wanna ask me to dance? I’d love to join in on the fun!” Pooja’s grin widened as she watched him dance desperately on the spot. She also arose from her stool and leaned in close to him. She placed her cool hand on top of his, which gripped his cock.

“I would love to help you with this, too.” Pooja slurred sultrily. She was really enjoying this- the buzz from the alcohol and her steadily filling bladder was working its magic. Her man was on the verge of leaking into his panties in public and it was simply HOT.

Julien chewed his lower lip trying to drown out her naughty taunts. He was focused on two things- finishing this darn beer and keeping his jeans dry.

With beer sloshing in his tummy and piss sloshing in his bladder, he raised his mug again to gulp down as much as he could. He swallowed hard and fought off the vomit reflex successfully. The mug was down to about 1/3 left- good enough.

“Uh, Pooja?”

“Mm... hmm?” She smiled at him seductively.

“Wanna get out of here?” His bladder seemed to relax at the possibility of being granted relief soon and emitted another powerful spasm. This time, Julian couldn’t stop it and felt himself leak into his panties. He shifted his feet and crossed his legs- a few heads turned towards the sudden movement.

“Ooooh such forwardness! I love it! But… perhaps we should finish our drinks first?” She intently raised her half-full glass to her lips to sip.

Julian groaned, annoyed that his suspicions had proven correct. He really had to go- he was minutes from losing the battle. He glanced longingly at the men’s room to the right of the bar. How great it would feel to run in there, unzip, and let loose at the nearest urinal!

He paused to make sure his stomach was ok before raising the mug again. He managed to get about half of the remaining beer down before another spurt escaped his body. He danced violently in place, gripping his manhood tightly. He drew attention from all over the busy establishment as he just managed to prevent the full-on wetting accident.

With a shaking hand, Julian reached out to finally finish the damned beer. It was critical he get out of the bar NOW or his pants were as good as soaked in front of half the town. He spurted yet again but continued drinking this time- there were only a few gulps to go! Somehow he got the beer down and regained control. However, it was clear to everyone watching- this handsome young man was seconds away from pissing himself.

“OK, drink’s all done! Can we go now? PLEASE?” Julian hopped in place. In addition to being unbelievably desperate, he was feeling buzzed having downed so much beer in a short time.

“But… I’m still not done mine.” Pooja slowly raised the quarter-full cocktail glass to her lips to take yet another delicate sip.

“Please Pooja- PLEASE!” He was begging as he danced in place, with both hands. People all around were focused on the show now. They were laughing and pointing at the grown man on the verge of peeing himself in public.

“Hmmm…” Pooja pretended to consider his proposal as she sipped her drink. Her red cotton hipster panties were saturated with her natural feminine lubricant- she was so aroused that she wanted to fuck her husband right there on the pub floor.

To emphasize quickly released his hands from his crotch to reveal a large wet spot on his jeans. More warm pee spurted out before he grabbed himself again. Emily, along with several other gawkers, stared in shock at the surreal scene.

Pooja’s eyes widened upon realization of the seriousness of the matter. She chugged the remainder of her drink, grabbed her coat and purse, and hurried her husband out of the pub. Julian managed to hang on until they stormed through the glass door, but the cool night air hit him like swift kick to the bladder. He started uncontrollably peeing in his jeans and wet streaks began running down his legs.

Pooja’s own need for the toilet multiplied in the cold and she didn’t need to look back at Julian to know what was happening. Assertively, she dragged him into an alley and pushed him against a dumpster. Grateful for the semi-privacy, Julian stopped trying to hold in his pee and relaxed. He let go of his crotch and let his bladder empty forcefully into his jeans.

Pooja looked down at her husband’s steamy wet jeans for a moment before French-kissing him. As they made out, she rubbed her hand over his hot wet crotch, feeling his still-peeing cock harden instantly. As he continued peeing, some curious voices emerged behind them. Pooja quickly broke off the kiss and dragged him further down the alley.

“We gotta move- hurry!”

The rowdy group of college boys laughed and yelled obscenities at them but fortunately didn’t continue onwards in their direction.

Julian’s bladder was finally empty and the shiny wetness on his jeans was evidence of that. However, Pooja was growing more desperate each passing minute as the couple strategically made their way through quiet dark streets. They still encountered the occasional dog-walkers but briskly made their way past them. The wetness on Julian’s jeans had blended in quickly so his accident wasn’t too obvious in the dark night.

Five minutes from home, Pooja had her hand in her crotch as she walked. She was surprised how quickly her desperation had grown. She was absolutely bursting now and it was a true battle against time to get home before she peed her skirt. Unfortunately for her, her hubby’s initial humiliation had turned into a rather playful mood. As she tried to get home to sweet relief, he relentlessly grabbed her ass, tried to tickle her, even threw in a few quick spanks for good measure.

Finally, just a minute from home, he pushed her against a truck parked roadside, effectively pinning her. In her desperate state, she was unable to fight him off and continue the trek home. With his body locked against hers, she inhaled the aroma of his soiled pants. He kissed her and pressed his midsection deliberately against hers, putting pressure on her full bladder.

It was too much. Despite her grip on her pussy, she started peeing her panties. Her long-held pee soaked her skirt, their shoes, the asphalt below. A young couple walking by heard the splattering sound and gave them long stares, but Julian and Pooja simply continued mauling each other. They were far too turned on to care. Finally, Pooja finished peeing- the relief was overwhelming.

They practically ran the rest of the way home, stripping each other on the front porch before they even got the door unlocked. After a brief pause to turn on the light so they could enjoy the sight of each other’s wet panties, they rushed to their bed to add a perfect ending to an amazing birthday.

