A Wetting Onstage

Author: FarfLord

*000*2020-04-13 22:36

I tag my stories thoroughly, sue me.

Lana is an OC (or i guess FC since she's a Mareep?) of mine, and her reference can be found on my Furaffinity in my profile. Which is very NSFW.

She is also over 18, specifically 19.

Enjoy.

###

It had been a long day for Lana.

Forgetting to set her alarm clock in the morning (admittedly not a very uncommon) and having to rush out the door to not be too late for class would normally not be a huge deal. Having a pretty time-crunched day of classes, also not normally a huge deal; it happened twice a week, after all. Having your dance shift at work happening basically as soon as you got out of class, also not a huge deal.

All of that happening at once on the same day? A huge deal.

Lana rushed into the building, still carrying all of her school bags since heading home could have made her late, and even now she was barely on time. One of the club managers approached her, a thirty-something Emolga lady that Lana was actually quite fond of, even if she was a little out there sometimes.

"Oh, Lana, you're just in time! You look a little frantic, is something wrong?"

"Uh... a little awkward to say, but I've really gotta piss."

"But your show's on in a couple minutes! C'mon, you'll be fine, get yourself dressed."

"But-"

"Hurry! If you're late the customers won't be happy, and then we'll both not be happy!"

Lana grimaced, shifting on her feet and squeezing her crotch. She knew her manager didn't mean poorly, and she did have a point, but still... that woman could be awful stubborn about these things, and Lana could tell it'd just be better to get her dance over with and hope for the best rather than argue and be late. Thus, she made her way backstage to lock away her street clothes and bags, leaving herself half-naked in her favorite green bra and panties. A lot of people commented that it looked nice on her blue skin and yellow wool, but right now all Lana could think about is if they'd say the same if something else yellow stained them.

Lana looked at the clock behind her and sighed. Nope, no time to take a quick leak, she had to get onstage now. At least her first routine for today was a solo one; worst case scenario, wetting herself would be worse with a partner next to her than without one. Shaking the thought out of her mind, she stepped up onto the stage, and as if nothing was amiss, began to dance.

For all the desperation leading up to the performance, she was able to hide it rather well once it started.

Granted, her initial movements were slow and teasing; none of the high-energy moves she was known for came in until the second half when she had taken off her bra already. A perceptive watcher could notice her leg muscles twitching a little, but nobody was that perceptive while they were watching a barely-clothed Mareep girl dance around a pole.

A little past five minutes into her shift, though, Lana felt her first big wave of desperation. She closed her eyes and clenched her hand into her crotch, earning her an odd look from a couple of audience members.

However, she did her best to play it off as a move to tease, and slowly moved her hand away again, luckily still dry. Internally, though, her alarms were in full alert: she was pretty close to decidedly not still being dry, after all, and her confidence in making it through the show was starting to wane.

Now a third of the way through her show, and Lana was sweating. She made sure to keep one of her hands close to her crotch as much as she could, just in case, but it was time to take off the bra: a bit of a risky move.

Slowly, both hands raised up and behind her, preparing to undo the clasp of her bra. Just as the fabric began to fall away from her chest, another strong wave of desperation crashed over her. She gasped and her hands dove downward to fight the wave, but it was just a bit too late. Lana tried her best not to openly grimace on stage, but her panties had a wet spot on them now, and she obviously didn't have anything on her to hide it with. She tried playing it off, touching herself a little and softly moaning, suggesting to the audience it might be another, hotter fluid, but a couple of souls in the audience didn't exactly look convinced. Even further unusual, the sudden shock had caused her to drop her bra, instead of throw it for some lucky audience member to catch like she usually would.

With her tits out, the situation was both less and more dire. She didn't have to pay as much attention to her breasts, as the sight of them bouncing, swaying, and jiggling would distract some, and she could keep her hands closer to her nethers. However, the more extravagant moves would be expected of her, requiring quick and sudden movements that her bladder might not be able to take. It wouldn't just take a very quick eye to see the wet spot on her underwear, especially since it seemed to be slowly growing as the minutes passed. Each short leak was met with dread from Lana; her dance was half over, but her floodgates were far past half broken.

Keeping silent and feigning that everything was fine was working fine to fool the crowd, but that was very quick to change. Lana could feel her bladder muscles quivering with exhaustion, and slowly she realized that she wasn't going to make it through these last ten minutes dry. The leaks were becoming more erratic and slightly longer, and her urine was starting to drip onto the stage. Whispers were spreading through the crowd, and while a few of them seemed more into it now then they were before, a few people in contrast left the stands, thinking this was some planned fetish thing they weren't informed of. Lana would have loved for that to be the case, because then the embarrassment of what was imminent might sting a bit less. Maybe she could play it off like that afterwards, but not to her manager...

One final challenge waited for Lana, one that she both didn't want to reach and wanted to get over with: taking off her panties. It required stopping her motion and going slow and sensual, and she already knew that would be the last straw. Still, she had to do it, and her movements around the pole slowed down. Facing away from the crowd, showing them her ass, she slowly began to peel off her wet, dripping panties with one hand, using the other to tantalizingly cover her privates, and try to keep a few last moments of control.

It didn't work.

As soon as the open air touched Lana's pussy, and the first warm spurt hit Lana's hands unimpeded by fabric, she knew it was over. Her dam burst open, and the hot piss that she was only barely still able to hold onto finally released with force. Instinctively, she gripped her crotch tightly, pleading for just a few more minutes of tenuous control so she could get to a backstage bathroom with only moderate shame. No luck, and all she succeeded in was getting her hands soaked with pee. Slowly and shakily, she turned back towards the crowd, still peeing, and moved her hands away, showing them her fully exposed body despite the conditions.

Despite the humiliation, Lana couldn't ignore how pleasurable it was to finally get some relief after hours of holding it all day. Wetting herself in front of all these people, all of whom were too stunned or too aroused to take their eyes away... there was an undeniable hotness in her loins from that. Her face was flushed red from both embarrassment and arousal now, and a way to save this dawned on her. Once again, her hands slid between her legs. Not to make a futile attempt to stop the flow this time, but to pleasure herself.

Almost as soon as the flow of piss stopped and the puddle began to settle on the stage, Lana reached her climax, moaning in pleasure (not something patrons were unfamiliar with) and adding a clearer, stickier fluid to the pool beneath her feet. Both her bra and panties were soaked with urine from sitting near her when she wet herself, but Lana wasn't about to let some detail like that get in the way of tradition. She picked up both of the dripping articles and, making sure to aim at the people who definitely looked like they were into it rather than just shocked, threw them out into the crowd for her new fans. Then, acting like nothing unusual had happened, she walked offstage.

Backstage, her manager immediately ran to her, carrying a towel and a frantic expression.

"Lana! Why didn't you say it was that bad? I'm so sorry, I should've just-"

"It's, um... fine." Lana took the towel and started wiping her wet legs dry.

"Oh, that's a relief then!" Her manager's expression switched to a smile again. "Maybe it's crass to say this now, but... you've already got a few people from that audience wanting a private room. Should I tell them no, or..."

Lana laughed at this. "Tell them I'll think about it."

