Synchronization Complication (ZZZero)

Author: FuntomDL

*000*2024-07-27 23:59

A/N: Heya, this is my first time posting here. This entire thing came to me in a flash of inspiration after a single, throwaway line, but I hope you enjoy! Comments and critiques are always welcome!

Behind the “staff only” door at the humble video store, Random Play, the whirr of computer fans and buzz of CRT screens was accompanied by the sound of furious typing at a keyboard.

“Aaaaaaaand done!” With one final click, an index finger triumphantly slammed down on the enter key. Belle, one of the sibling owners of the store, turned in her chair to look to her brother, Wise, for his approval. “With that, everything should FINALLY be ready for our first test with the Bangboo!” she exclaimed.

Wise, for his part, seemed to have just finished some wiring behind one of their machines upon the announcement. Seeing the lack of any glaring error messages anywhere, he gave his sister a warm smile. “Excellent work, Belle. Everything is all set on this end, too. So, are you ready to give it a try?”

Belle was practically bouncing in her seat as she gave an enthusiastic “Mhm, mhm!” before she had to be directed to settle down and relax. Positioned comfortably in her chair, and with her brother’s hand hovering just above a large red button, Belle savored the following countdown.

“Okay, Sensory Synchronization test in three, two, one-”

As soon as Wise pushed the startup button, it was like Belle’s world suddenly went blank. An indescribable feeling permeated every fiber of her being as her nervous system’s signals were rerouted into the soon-to-be Hollow Deep Dive system. Static filled her ears and her vision, until slowly an image began to emerge.

Coming into focus were two stubby limbs held in front of her, a similarly diminutive body with a dark jacket and orange bandana… It worked! She was actually in the body of her dutiful robotic helper, Eous!

“Yes! Woohoo!” Belle cried and jumped for joy, largely ignoring her brother’s mumbling to himself over “slow connection times” or something. Small bugs could be ironed out later, now was the time for celebrating!

…Such was her thought process, at least, until another sound caught and competed for her attention: a strange noise, a sort of ‘pitter patter’ like something was slowly spilling onto the carpeted floor…

Through Eous’ eyes, Belle looked up at her actual body. If one didn't know any better, she looked sound asleep, with all her measured vital signs looking normal and a relaxed smile sitting on her face.

But maybe it was a little too relaxed.

Back down at Eous’ eye level, the source of the sound was more than apparent: A liquid with a golden tint was cascading down from the front of Belle’s chair and streaming down her legs, falling all the way down to the ground.

“A-ah! Disconnect, disconnect! Emergency disconnect…!” Belle’s panicked voice rang through Eous’ speakers (thank God it didn't just get translated into “En-nah-ehn-ne!”) as she ran around in circles.

Wise wasn't pulled out of his focused debugging stupor until he heard the hysteria, but he quickly hit the emergency shut-off switch and asked “Huh? Belle, what's wrong?”

Yet no immediate answer came as Eous plopped down onto its rear, its normally-expressive eyes display being replaced by an unresponsive, spinning loading indicator. Despite this, Belle still wasn't moving again, either; the process of disconnecting must have been just as bad as establishing a connection in the first place.

Wise hurried to check his sister’s vitals again. She was still breathing, her heart rate was steady albeit a little elevated, but she was still completely unresponsive to any stimulus. During this once-over was when Wise had finally also noticed what seemed to have caused Belle so much distress…

The chair’s cushion had already been completely soaked through, causing the liquid to pool between the poor girl’s thighs as it continued to spread out and overflow. Wise’s mind raced to figure out what to do before his sister finally woke up again. This hadn’t been something they ever had to worry about since, well…

…That, uh, wasn't important right now.

The world went dark, cold, and silent. For a moment, it was just as when the connection had begun, and there was pure nothingness. Sensation returned to her starting with her head before moving on to her torso and then finally her limbs. But even once her sensory signals were back to normal, the motor neurons just weren't reacting yet!

“Everything once again slowly coming back into focus, Belle could only stare down at the accident that was currently unfolding, mortifyingly helpless to stop as the warmth spread further and further.

The first movement Belle recognized as consciously her own was jamming her right hand between her legs to try to stop the flow, regardless of the fact that ship had long since sailed, accompanied by another distressed yelp. Soon, humiliated tears threatened to spill as it fully sunk in what had just transpired… Belle: Video store manager, Legendary-Proxy-to-be, and now… pants wetter.

Wise was unsure of what to do, stuck as an awkward bystander and witness. He was still struggling to even process what happened, actually. “U-uh… Belle, did you just…?” He asked slowly and carefully, similarly to as if his sister was a stray cat he was trying to calm down.

The reminder of Wise’s presence finally opened the other floodgates for Belle. She turned her chair around to look at him, bawling her eyes out all the while. In between sniffles and hiccups, she managed to squeak out “I-I didn't mean to…! I tried to hold it, but, but my body wouldn't listen to me a-a-and it just wouldn't stop…!” It was all less than dignified, but could she really sink any lower at this point?

“O-okay, okay, calm down!” Wise hurriedly said. He laid a reassuring hand on Belle’s shoulder, and looked into her red, puffy eyes. “I-it's alright, okay? It's not your fault. You're okay, and that's what matters.”

“O-okay…” the pitiful girl sniffled, wiping her tears away and finally beginning to calm down.

“I think I know a way to stop this problem from happening again, but I'm going to need to head out to the store for some supplies first. Are you… going to be okay cleaning up while I'm gone?” Wise asked as he started to move closer to the storefront.

“I don't need you around to take care of me!” Belle snapped with a pout. After a moment she looked away and muttered “I-I’m not a baby…”

“...Right… Just, text me if you need something. I won't be long.” With an awkward wave from the doorframe, Wise made his exit and left Belle to clean up after herself.

Once she heard the door shut, Belle slowly stood up to inspect the damage. Much of her skirt was soaked, the office chair was probably ruined if the cushion couldn't be removed and thrown in the wash, the carpet'd need cleaning, not even her socks and shoes were spared… And all of that without even thinking about how bad her panties themselves must've been…

It didn't take long for Wise to arrive at the right aisle. Now, the only problem that remained was specifics. Dimensions, specs, compatibility… If only he could fall back on something like brand loyalty to help make the decision for him.

Oh well, any of them should still be able to fix the issue. No need to be picky. With that in mind, he finally grabbed something from the shelf and headed to check out, though a small extra something caught his eye and gave him pause.

Towels, a small amount of vinegar, throwing as much as possible in the washing machine so she didn't have to deal with it herself, a shower to top it all off… Belle took advantage of every resource available to clean up the mess she made, but nothing would be able to pull the stain out of her wounded pride. Once everything was said and done, all she could do was sulk in her room in a fresh change of clothes and wait for Wise to come back with whatever supplies he was getting to ensure this never, ever happened again.

When there was a knock on her door, Belle hardly even sounded like herself as she told her brother he could come in. At this point, she just wanted to either sleep for a week straight, or wake up from whatever nightmare this was. And she was ready to do just that, too, with her blankets wrapped tightly around her.

Wise entered the room with an opaque shopping bag and something familiar in his free hand: An ice cream cone that made Belle feel very conflicted.

Wise seemed to notice where her gaze was directed as he awkwardly explained “I uh, got you this to lift your spirits a little… Remember when we were younger? Whenever you were down, it would always lift your spirits right back up.” Wise couldn't help but smile as all the memories of his little sister's face lighting up came back to him, but the whining sound coming from the blanket cocoon suggested buying it now was the wrong move after all. Whoops.

“I’m not a little kid anymore, Wise…” Belle mumbled, her cheeks tinting a shade of pink for the second time today.

“R-right, sorry, I swear I didn't mean to imply anythi-”

“It's fine, I get it. I don't blame you,” Belle said. She then looked over to what was supposed to be her salvation and quickly changed the subject. “So what's the fix? Our hardware should’ve been able to handle the load, shouldn't it?”

Wise seemed to shrink in on himself a tiny bit as he winced, looking away from Belle. “Y-you’re, um, probably not going to like it, but…” With the ice cream now set down on a small table in the room, Wise began to pull a package out of the shopping bag - a package of adult pull-ups, to be precise.

The realization of what was being implied finally got Belle to throw the covers off herself and jump up in indignation, her pink cheeks quickly turning a deeper red. “Th-that’s not funny, Wise!” she shouted.

Her brother couldn't help but unconsciously take a step back and raise his hands defensively, though he stood his ground verbally. “I-it’s not a joke! What else do you want me to do, Belle?! You completely wet yourself right in front of the HDD, I think some precautions are in order,” he argued back.

Belle silently glared at him for at least a solid fifteen seconds before finally relenting, her expression softening into a pout. She was sure there must have been a better way to not let this happen again, but if it was just for the meantime, and especially if she could quickly prove she didn't need them, then fine, she could bear with it. She relented with a long sigh and a simple “Fine.”

Wise felt a massive weight lift off his shoulders as Belle finally agreed; that could have gone so much worse and taken so much more arguing, but he was glad he could still rely on his sister to listen to reason. He set the package down and prepared to give her some space. “Thank you. For now, please just try one on and make sure they fit, and we'll get this problem fixed in no time. I promise.”

Belle squirmed in her seat as she felt the subtle padding beneath her and between her legs, a humiliating reminder of what had happened last time they did this… as if she even needed reminding. Belle shook her head to try and shake those thoughts away. It was go time.

“Sensory Synchronization test #2 in three, two, one-”

Behind the “staff only” door at the humble video store, Random Play, amidst the whirr of computer fans and buzz of CRT screens was a subtle hissing sound as a certain young woman's pull-up progressively swelled and yellowed…

