A Delivery On The Job

Author: FUBOT

*000*2022-08-28 06:00

After my last story with May Holdall and her accident at work, the SO had an idea for a second story that included a sexual encounter. I wasn't up to it for along while, but I figured it would be a good way to get back into writing more.

This is a follow up to this story.

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="114710" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed8488790325" scrolling="no" style="height:308px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/71174-trapped-on-the-job/?do=embed&comment=1919046&embedComment=1919046&embedDo=findComment#comment-1919046"

May Holdall Receives A Delivery On The Job

Desperation, Wetting, Male/Female Sex

“Shit, shit,” May whispered under her breath as her bus got closer to her stop at the Tiki-Time Bikini Hut. They just needed to to get through the next stoplight, and her stop was right there.

The bus was packed for the morning commute, and May was stuck standing between a guy in a suit who was scrolling through emails on his phone and a teenager listening to music on massive but ineffective headphones. She was holding on to the bar in the middle of the bus for dear life, and trying to maintain her balance on her high wedge sandals. She was feeling squished in, hot, and her legs hurt from standing for the whole ride. But worse than all of that, she forgot to pee before she left home, and that problem was reaching a very painful head.

But that wasn’t why May was nervous. She was late! She woke up late, she was too late for her usual bus, and the next bus was late. Now she was going to be late to open the coffee stand.

Usually, one of the two girls on shift would arrive a little before opening, get everything situated, and be ready in time for their colleague to show up and start. Today was May’s turn, and now she was going to have to rush through everything if she wanted to get done in time for her coworker to arrive. If Eddie, the owner, found out May was late again… well it wouldn’t be good.

The bus jolted to a stop, and May staggered to her side before bumping into the back of a man there. A twinge of panic went through her body as she squeezed her legs together. She was going to be fine, as long as she could get off the bus and run to the restroom at the gas station on the lot. Her thighs were tensed against each other, and she was feeling just a little sweaty. But she wasn’t in a panic, not yet.

The light changed, and the bus started to move. They crossed over the intersection, and May hit the button to signal a stop. Then the bus stopped behind another car, more traffic, and so close to her stop.

She peeked at her phone in her bag for the time. “Shit…”

She was barely going to have enough time to get ready. She would have to run to the bathroom after Cindy showed up. She could hold it through set up, she was sure of it. It wasn’t that complicated, getting decorations set up, preparing the registers, getting the cups in place. She could do it in her sleep, she actually did in a few work nightmares.

May squirmed involuntarily, and then she pulled down the back of her red pleated skirt when a breeze through the bus made her question exactly how much of her ample backside she was showing off. It felt silly considering she was going to strip down to a bikini when she got into the little coffee hut, but that was for money, she wasn’t trying to give away the goods for weirdos on the bus.

She looked around and saw a guy further down the bus giving her the eye. He wasn’t bad looking, but he was wearing a gold chain and a pair of watches, definite red flags. The nod and wink he gave her was still flattering, and she couldn’t help but flush pink as she looked away.

The bus came to a stop, and May let out a sigh of relief as the front door opened and the bus began to kneel.

“Excuse me,” she said, trying to be as loud as she could manage, “sorry, excuse me.” She pushed through, eventually getting to the front.

She adjusted the sleeves down on her ‘off-shoulder’ white top and then took ginger steps down to the sidewalk. The last step sent an impact through her body, and she immediately regretted landing so hard. But she stood still as the bus swished and rose behind her. She squeezed her thighs tight and waited for the small wave of desperation to subside before she headed toward the closed up coffee stand.

May had a lot to do in not a lot of time.

A new pack of disposable cups had to be opened up and put up on the counters, she had to rehang the flower decorations above the pick up windows, and she still had to refill the tills from the safe on the floor along the wall. There were a few other tasks, including getting the machines warmed up, but those first three were the most important.

So, May put her bag down on the floor and shuffled over to a locked cabinet. She pulled out her key, opening it up to a pack of cups fresh in a plastic bag. She clicked her tongue and grabbed the full bag, then tried to grip it in both hands and rip it, but the plastic didn’t immediately give.

“Damnit, come on,” she grunted. These bags were always annoying, but they were more annoying when she had to pee so bad that she-.

May tried to shake it out of her head, she didn’t have to go that bad. It was okay, she just needed to finish this prep work and she could run to the bathroom.

May pulled harder. The flex of her muscles made her that much more aware of the pressure just below her stomach. She thought the plastic was giving way, but she also felt like something of her own was giving way. She stopped pulling and held the bag of cups in one hand, the second pressed into her crotch for just a moment.

She wasn’t desperate, just being careful. She would be done in just a few minutes, she was fine. So she took a deep breath and then grabbed the bag with both hands again, pulling until it started to rip apart. She needed a stack on each side, so she grabbed a stack and started to count them off.

The espresso machines needed to be on, she could do that now. She stopped in the middle of her counting and reached out to click the machines on, and they started to let out a light hiss like a teapot just nearing a boil. She regretted turning them on immediately.

As she finished grabbing her first stack, one machine let out a sharper hiss and May cringed at the sound of leaking water vapor.

“Almost done, almost done,” she whispered to herself.

Then a loud knock on the door to the hut made May jump out of her heels. She teetered, and then bent over forwards as she recovered, squeezing her thighs together as tight as she could. She could feel the pressure building up, and even if she evaded the thought she knew if she relaxed for more than a moment she was going to ruin another ‘work uniform’. But she took in a long breath, and the pressure subsided just slightly.

“Hello?” A deep voice asked from outside.

It was Trent!

Trent was their regular delivery guy. He worked for Co-Squared, a supplier for coffee and hot chocolate places across the state. He was also the least creepy person May ever got to meet while she was at work, by a long shot. He had to be there to drop off supplies for the week, May completely forgot.

She stood up as best she could, and then waddled over to the door. When she peeked out to the early morning light, Trent’s deep green eyes were looking back in at her. His dark brown dimples were framed by a freshly shaved face. She could almost smell his aftershave, they must be his first stop of the day.

“Oh Trent, heeey,” May said. She tried to do a cute little finger twinkling wave, but she immediately felt more awkward than welcoming, so she opened the door wider.

Trent nodded his head and tipped the bill of his blue hat with the company logo on the front. He handed May a clipboard, and she took it with both hands and looked it over. It was a long list today, a lot of beans getting replenished, more cups (she did grab the last bag), stirrers, lids, and more. He was going to be here for a bit, maybe until they opened.

“I’ve got quite a load for you today,” He said, then chuckled. He lifted an eyebrow in thought, “wait, that sounds wrong.” But he didn’t dwell on it, and turned around to head back to his truck parked right in front of one of the two windows.

As soon as his back was turned, May squatted down and squeezed her bare legs together. She had to pee, she was willing to admit that. She had to pee bad, and she didn’t know how much longer she had left before it became a real problem. Just moving was torture on her muscles, and she was suddenly mad that there was no chair inside the small hut so she could sit and have something to press into.

But now that Trent was here, she didn’t know if she could leave. Eddie would be livid if he knew that she left a delivery guy alone in the hut, even if most of the staff saw Trent more than they saw Eddie, and trusted him more to boot.

May could hear Trent returning, so she brought herself back to standing in time for him to pull the door open with his foot and step in with two large bags of different coffee beans.

“Want these in the usual place?” Trent asked with a smile so wide his cheeks closed his eyes. “Or is this a dump everything and deal with it later sort of day?”

May looked around and thought about that option. She didn’t consider that she could just make him leave everything, maybe she could still run to the gas station if he did. But if he did that, she would have to put it all away herself, and then if Cindy saw the mess she would probably be pissy the rest of her shift.

May let out an exasperated sigh as she looked across the floor.

“That kind of day huh?” Trent said. “Don’t worry, I’ll get it all put away.”

May couldn’t help but smile as Trent opened one bag and started to pull out individual bags of beans. “It isn’t that, I’m just late so I’m like, crazy behind.” She tried to laugh, but instead of her work giggle it sounded like a nervous mad scientist.

“Well how about I help out,” Trent said as he peeked at her over his shoulder and kept pulling out coffee. “We can get done twice as fast.”

She nodded, and looked away to hide the blush on her face, “that sounds nice.”

May tried to ignore the rising waves of panic from between her legs, so she grabbed some coffee as Trent headed back out to his truck to get more of their order. As soon as Trent was out of the door, May grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled out as she let out a groan of frustration. Why did she have to pee so bad now?! Trent was so nice, so cute, hot even! But she felt like she was standing in front of a cracking dam with a wooden bucket.

A new wave of pressure hit her and she dropped her hem and squeezed her knees in to fight as best she could. It was dangerous, this was getting bad. She was close to another emergency and she was pretty sure it would be a lot harder to hide an accident in the hut this time. She squeezed her eyes shut and focused with everything she had.

Then she realized she was standing in Trent’s shadow.

She opened her eyes and looked up at him, and he had a concerned frown on his face.

“You okay May?” He asked, “this day going that bad?”

She wanted to answer, but she was sure if she even tried to stand normally she was going to leak. She lifted her arm as if to start putting the stirrers away in the high cabinet, but Trent took it out of her hands.

“Hey don’t worry about it okay,” Trent said. He lifted the bag and started to put them away with rapid plops of bags on wood. “You don’t deserve a day like this, you’re always so nice and positive even when these people are giving you shit, I see it. I don’t wanna be one more person making your day hard, you know?”

He was rambling, and as the spike of pressure faded May found it replaced by something new. It was a warmth, one she was surprised she could feel with everything else going on. May wanted to fuck Trent.

Okay that wasn’t a surprise, she had more than a few fantasies about Trent, especially during a busy shift when gross men were nonstop flirting with her. Replacing their ugly faces with the handsome and kind Trent was how she survived. But something about the moment, maybe a small spike of the fight or flight from her desperation, made it that much more obvious. She wanted him, and she wanted him right now. Screw her job, screw Eddie, she just wanted to screw Trent. She could tell him, right now. Then she could run off, use the bathroom, and maybe they could run off together.

Her bladder stopped threatening her for just long enough for May to make her choice. She wasn’t going to be able to get ready in time and also confess to Trent. She tapped him on the arm and he turned to look down toward her.

May grabbed him by the collar and pulled him down into a kiss, her lips pressing into his soft pair. Trent went stiff for a moment, then dropped the bag and wrapped an arm around her.

“I’m okay if you make my day a little hard,” May whispered toward him, then she chuckled at her own cringe-worthy joke. “But fi-”

She didn’t have time to get out another word. Trent kissed her again and maneuvered her back into the same cabinet they were just filling.

The impact alarmed her, but Trent’s lips on hers calmed her in an instant. His arm wrapped around her, cupping between her lower back and the cabinet as he leaned down to keep their embrace going. His other hand ran down her cheek, slid down her neck, ran over her shoulder.

The moment her lips parted, his tongue found hers, and they intertwined.

Trent’s hand cupped her breast through her top, and in a flurry May brought her hand up and unbuttoned her highest button to pull the top down. His hand found her red bikini top, his thumb massaging her nipple through the thin padding while his kiss pressed her to the cabinet.

Her bladder screamed in protest. One knee was clasped over the other, too low for Trent to pay the motion any attention yet. But her toes were curling, and her calves flexing with the effort of silencing the emergency downstairs so she could enjoy Trent’s attention for just a moment.

His hand slipped up under her bikini top and May gasped as his warm and strong hands gripped her tender flesh. She could feel his excitement pressing against her through his work slacks, nestled right around her stomach.

He stopped and pulled just far enough to whisper out a question. “I’m sorry, is this too much? I’ve just always… I never thought you… should I stop?”

YES! May’s body demanded she say yes. She didn’t have time for this, she didn’t have time for anything. She was desperate, but she might still have time to clean up and run to the bathroom before her shift started. She had a strong bladder by all means, a lifetime in the service industry demanded that. But there was holding it through a lunch rush, and then there was holding it through… this.

But Trent’s face. If she said no now, would she ever get another chance at him? She felt lucky he accepted her move in the first place. Not that the feeling between them wasn’t mutual, but it seemed he was scared of admitting his feelings, what if he took her leaving as a denial and never spoke to her again? The fear was bad enough to almost drown out her fear of flooding the hut’s floor.

“No!” May hissed as she pushed forward to keep kissing him.

Her enthusiasm was the last signal Trent needed. His hands slid down her sides, past her skirt and then beneath the hem. While their lips were hard pressed against each other, Trent grabbed her bikini bottom at each side and pulled them down to her thighs.

She questioned what she could even do, what was even possible, but then her stomach leaped as Trent lifted her up by the hips and pulled her over to the counter top. She squeaked as she was dropped there, and then instinctively shoved a hand into her crotch as Trent struggled with his belt and fly.

Their lips separated as he worked to pull his manhood free, and in that moment a wave of desperation sent a spark of alarm through May’s body. Despite Trent right in front of her, her bottoms sliding down to her knees, and one nipple exposed and erect, she couldn’t help but pull one knee over the other and squeeze with all her might. It felt like she was full to bursting now, like everything was right at the gate. This situation was impossible, she couldn’t see how she got out of this without humiliating herself, without pissing all over Trent and ruining this intimate moment.

But as she saw him, saw the size of the black rod as he slid free from his boxers, her mind was blanked of all worries. She wasn’t some prim princess, she understood her own needs and her own lust. At the moment, all May could think of was what that would feel like.

Trent slid on a condom from his pocket with some assistance from her free hand. She could feel his girth in her hand, feel the warmth radiating off of it as she slid the condom over him. It was intimidating, magnificent.

She squeezed herself one last time before parting her legs as Trent turned his attention back to her. He parted her legs with a touch and lifted her knees. Her head lay against the closed service window as he pressed his hot head against her softest places, as he pushed that heat into her.

May felt a sharp panic as he entered her, as all logic told her that he would force her open and make her release. That heat between her legs, the moisture between her lower lips, it all registered for the briefest moment as her starting to leak. She covered her mouth and suppressed another squeak as she doubled down on clenching every pelvic muscle she could.

He pulled her hand away and kissed her as he continued to press her back against the counter. His other hand gripped her at the hip, helped guide him deeper into her, helped him fill her completely.

Her eyes watered as she held on tight. May’s muscles sent every alarm that they were nearing their last ounces of strength. But she begged some outside force to help her hold on.

Trent began to move, his length sliding away from her just to return with force. At first it was soft and intimate, their kisses and thrusts timed to create a beautiful rhythm. But it didn’t take long before he began to thrust harder, the force pushing her knees back toward her chest, his length spreading her.

“God,” Trent moaned as his pace increased, “You’re so damn tight, ah.”

She couldn’t tell him why, that she was holding on for dear life. Every thrust sent a wave through her bladder, sloshed her contents, rattled that little sphincter stopping the flow. She was sure if he wasn’t filling her, if she wasn’t pressed closed by his sordid intrusion, her fight would already be over. It was possible she couldn’t even leak if she tried.

Then she felt a small warm jet, swore she heard it too. Her heart skipped, and she let out a small cry.

“Ah shit,” May said in a panicked hiss, “deeper, don’t pull out.”

Trent didn’t need to be told twice. She could already feel him throbbing, feel him expanding in anticipation. He was reaching his limit, he was almost done. But as he slid against her most sensitive places, she could feel every detail of him, condom or no.

“You’re so good,” He groaned as she was slammed harder against the window, “so wet, oh May!”

He kissed at her neck as she held him around his shoulders and clawed in so deep she was worried she would scratch him. He pressed in hard, and the force, the stimulation of it all broke through something. Like a white point of light that started as a distant star then overwhelmed her in an intense blast of pleasure. She couldn’t think, her muscles spasmed, her fingers and toes locked in a curl.

Then she felt her legs drop, a distant sensation like it was happening to someone else.

“Fuck! I’m going to be late!” Trent shouted.

Normal sensation flooded back over May, starting with a distinct feeling of a warm jet splashing between her thighs as she sat on the counter.

With an EEP May closed her legs and locked up, unable to move, unable to think. She was losing control, she was well past her limits and then some, this was it. Right in front of Trent, as their intimate moment ended.

Even with her thighs closed and her attempted clenching, May heard a sharp hissing noise as another spray released between her legs.

“Will you be okay?” Trent asked as he hurriedly pulled up his slacks.

May looked up. He wasn’t paying attention to her, he was trying to leave. She slid off the counter, ignoring the slight dampness under her butt, and then gave a tense nod. “Uh-huh.”

Trent leaned in and kissed her. “Sorry, we'll talk soon.”

Then before she could even answer, He grabbed a bag and ran out the door. Leaving May standing with her bikini bottom down to her ankles and a wet patch on the butt of her skirt.

In a blur of motion May grabbed an extra large cup off the counter, slipped her thighs apart, and put the cup in the way of a newly erupting flood from her bladder. It hit with a loud splash, and May pulled up the front of her skirt to watch the rapids as they exited her like a small waterfall between her overstimulated lower lips. The sensation, the relief, it was so immense that May couldn’t contain a moan louder than any she dared to release while Trent was in her.

Her legs felt wobbly, and she leaned back against the counter to even stay stable as new shocks of pleasure ripped through her like arcing lightning. The cup was warm in her hand, and soon the sound made her realize it was almost full. She grabbed a second cup and stopped just long enough to swap them out. She didn’t get far in the second cup, but then again she lost a fair amount to… early releases.

When she was finished she sat them both on the counter then capped them before letting out a final groan of relief.

The hut was still a mess, there were supplies everywhere, and now she also had to clean up a damp space on the counter. If she got to it fast enough, maybe it wouldn’t smell like piss.

But Trent, now that was something special. She grinned to herself.

The door to the hut opened, and May’s stomach dropped. Was it that close to opening? Was Cindy here already?

Trent’s head peaked in and he grabbed his clipboard from a shelf.

“Sorry, forgot this.” He said.

She gave him an exhausted and red in the face smile, “No problem, good luck.”

Trent smiled back. “Yeah, hope the rest of your day is as good as mine has been so far.”

Then he was gone again, and May was pretty sure her day was special enough already.

