A Science Project

Author: froggychan

*000*2016-02-20 07:27

CHAPTER ONE: WAKE UP

(Let me know how it is, its pretty late so Im not really in the right mind right now)

I wasn't able to remember anything that had happened, not even what I was dreaming about. All I knew was that I was just woken up and that a painful jolt was going through my body. About a couple of seconds into that feeling, I realized I was being electrocuted. It suddenly stopped, and I slouched down. I felt that I couldn't move my hands or feet, as they were restrained onto the chair I was on, by something metallic like handcuffs. I breathed heavily through my mouth, just to feel that there was some sort of plastic tube jammed into my mouth, supported by a breathing mask like the ones used in hospitals.

I took a minute to become aware of my surroundings. The chair was next to some tank, which in turn was connected to the tube that led into my mouth. Another thing that I noticed was that there was a handheld camera mounted on a tripod in front of me. As for the rest of the place, I was in a room that was completely white, except for a large mirror in the wall in front of me. It was like something from a hospital.

I saw my reflection in the mirror. Along with the apparatus in my mouth, I wasn't dressed in my usual clothes. I was dressed in a plain tank top and some orange slacks, like a prisoner. There were some weird wire thingys attached to parts of my head as well, through my hair.

I spent the next half an hour or so struggling against my restraints, and trying to scream for yell through the gag.

Suddenly, I heard a weird noise from the tank next to me, as if it was a machine that turned on. I heard a sucking noise, like a vacuum. Without warning, I felt a liquid flood into the mask and drain into the tube, shooting directly into my throat. From what I could taste, it was soda. I coughed and choked as tears streamed down my face. I stopped resisting as the flow stopped, and I was able to (try to) cough. That was when the person started speaking through the stereo system

"Hello Shelley, don't be alarmed"

And I wasn't, I couldn't physically react in panic or scream out anyways. I didn't really feel threatened, as I did shocked in the moment. The voice was female-sounding, as wel as soothing and reassuring.

"Everything will be fine, I promise that we won't hurt you"

I didn't know how to respond or react. I didn't even think I could. I only looked directly at the camera in front of me, assuming that the voice was watching me through it.

"Let me just explain; you were selected for an involuntary research project"

Involuntary

"It's has to do with neuroscience, you know, the brain. Without getting too technical, we are interested in the body and its reaction to fear and demand."

I really didn't care, I just knew that I didn't sign up for anything, and this was illegal. I didn't want to be here, so I started shifting around, trying to put up a struggle even if it was for nothing.

"OK, you need to relax now"

I defiantly tried to mutter out my protest through the tube, and then I was silenced by another electric shock that lasted for a few seconds. I stopped moving.

"If you want to throw a tantrum then you'll be treated accordingly, do you understand?"

I kept my head down, breathing heavily. Just like that, a second shock.

"I asked you a question, did you understand?"

I nodded my head in cooperation, hopin that it would stop.

"OK, good, now let me finish, is that fine?"

I nodded

"Good. Like I was saying, this is a study. Long story short; we are currently studying the urinary system and its connection to the brain"

I was confused on how any of that applied to the situation

"Pretty much, all we are doing is filling you up with liquid, that soda we gave you was laced with very strong diuretics, which are supposed to make you go to the bathroom"

I tried to sound off a muffled "what?" through the tube

"Pretty soon, you'll feel the need to use a bathroom. We'll be scanning your brain with some wires and electrodes we have connected to your head."

I let out a small whimper, now worried about what was going to happen.

"I will be honest with you, a bathroom will not be provided. You are not scheduled to be let out of your restraints. We are hoping to collect enough data for today, and depending on time and cooperation, we might consider letting you use a toilet"

Might? They aren't even saying its a guarantee they'll give a final decision....

"Cooperate, and things might come out good for you. If you don't, we'll just shock you with electricity, leave you sulking in your mess, and wait for another time to repeat your ordeal. Are we clear?"

I reluctantly nodded, fighting back tears of anger and fear, being helpless

"Very good. We estimate that you'll be feeling a weird sensation in your bladder within the next few minutes. That's the diuretics working really fast, and then we'll begin our tests. Good luck"

*004*2016-02-22 06:13

CHAPTER TWO: FIRST TRIAL

Just as my captor predicted, the diuretics took effect. It first started off normal like any other time, until a sharp pain struck me in the abdomen. Although I was held down on the chair, I was still free enough to bend over slightly in pain. Another sharp sting hit me, and without warning, my legs subconsciously crossed tightly with each other.

"The diuretics aren't available on the common market, if you're wondering why they are so strong" the speakers said as I moaned in pain.

They were strong. What I would feel after like an hour of holding in my bladder I felt in less than 5 minutes. It was as if I was punched hard and then stabbed. I began to shift in my seat, trying to find a way to distract myself from the sudden pain and desperation

"All right, we're starting to get some readings. Don't panic, but we're looking at nearly an hour, just hold yourself and it will all be over"

I probably won't even make it the next twenty minutes, let alone an hour!

The next ten minutes were a hell for me. The pain didn't lighten up, but at least it didn't intenstify. I shifted my legs, and kept on bending myself. It was hard to fidget around in my state. I felt a few tears of desperation roll down my cheeks, as well as sweat.

"Keep it up, the new waiting time is 45 minutes, you cut it back by a good amount of time"

That was still about half an hour left. While it gave me some motivation to hold it now that it was less time, it was still a decent amount of time, and time wasn't on my side.

Be patient, this will be over soon, I can do this!!

The sharp pain came back though, and I doubled over in pain. I was whimpering and moaning through the apparatus and I didn't even know it.

"Quiet down, you'll make it worst for yourself if you keep thinking about it"

I can't take it off my mind, I really need to pee!!

I rocked back and fourth in my seat, switching the position of my crossed legs repeatedly. I felt like I was going to die. I was going to die in the worst way possible, and it wasn't going to be fast or painless. As if the fear of captivity and humiliation of the situation wasn't enough, the pain and desperation were adding insult to injury.

I sat back and began sobbing. I didn't know what I was going to do, I needed a bathroom right now, yet I didn't even know when I was going to be allowed to use one; if they would even give me permission in the first place.

"If you keep crying, you are going to lose control and we'll have to repeat this"

I didn't even know what she said, nor did I care. I didn't want to hear anything else, other than my captor telling me that the experiment was over. But I knew it was just beginning, and I was already dying to go.

I cried out as I felt the first leak dribble into my underwear. Despite it lasting only a couple of seconds, the feeling was indescribable. Instead of easing my pain, it made me want to go more than ever.

"We are only like 7 minutes away, you're doing great"

Was I so desperate, that I didn't notice how fast the time went by? I mean, I couldn't have anyways, there was no clock around.

Almost, you can do this!!

I felt another few leaks. I cried out through my tube, and crossed my legs more tighter than ever before in my life. More tighter than the time I was stuck in traffic and in class. Both times I had wet myself in private, by accident. But at least I was able to hold myself in a given amount of time, so I was determined to do so again. But the diuretics were too strong. I realized that as time went by, they only got stronger.

The next sting was too much for me. I was already sobbing nearly out of control, and I couldn't stop moving, and the stabbing pain did it for me.

I felt more leaks come out. I couldn't see the wet stain on my pants, but I knew that underneath, my underwear was slowly getting soaked. The next leak lasted longer, and I squealed as the wetness slowly became visible. Unfortunately, that was the last leak, as it turned into a stream. I crossed my legs and bent over, hoping to put pressure, but it did nothing.

I felt the wetness spread on my seat. The stream was strong enough to shoot through both my panties and pants, pouring directly into the chair.

"You better stop, right now"

I was frozen in relief and humiliation. I sheepishly made a final effort to cross my legs, but it only made the urine pool up in between them. Defeated, I voluntarily let go. There was no point anymore. The relief was orgasmic. My entire butt and the bottom of my thighs were soaked, and I felt the stream travel down my legs from the edge of my seat. I heard the sound of liquid pouring onto the floor underneath me. It lasted probably a good two minutes or so.

I never felt this before. I was angry and embarrassed, along with relieved and relaxed. I didn't know whether to burst in tears or let out a groan of relief.

I could only sit still in my chair, trembling in defeat. I sobbed gently, and my face burned red with humiliation.

"Great, look at yourself!"

I tried...

"Well, an entire day worth of data was rendered useless. You had only a few minutes left, yet you still wet your pants like a toddler! You should be ashamed of yourself"

It wasn't my fault....

"I hope you enjoy the feeling of clingly clothes, because now we have to wait another day to repeat this, at our own expense too"

So this isn't the end

"Think of what you did, and then tomorrow, hopefully, you'll cooperate with us. Good night"

With that, the entire room suddenly went black as the lights turned off. My captor had left me to wait in the darkness, sitting in my wetness. I groaned in pain as now my abdomen was aching. This was going to be a very long night for me...

