Relief & Reflection

Author: FlannelShirt

*000*2016-12-08 19:52

The Sun rose over the mountaintop, reflecting directly into Ellie’s face. Frowning, she let out a loud, anguished sigh, raising up her hand to shield herself. She carefully hopped onto a large rock and jumped backed down into the tree line, the overgrown forest completely enveloping her. Every snap of a twig or rustle of a bush made her heart quicken, but if she paused and searched around at every little noise, she would be out here for days. Finally, Ellie came out to a clearing, where the field was completely empty save for a tree looming in the middle alongside an abandoned farmhouse.

Ellie took off her pack, letting it drop to the ground as she dug through it, eventually pulling out a worn piece of paper. Cautiously, she unrolled it and was greeted with fading lines and large X’s dotting the page, which was a charting of the area.

“Okay… I must be here, I guess.” She said to herself, making sure she followed the route as best as she thought. Her navigations were lacking, but she had come out here with patrols before, so she had a general idea of what she was doing and where to go. Tommy’s base was about a mile back, and the entire area was mapped out in all directions up to a certain point, and she was able to copy down at least part of it. She did wish that she marked the caches, but they weren’t required.

Right now, her mission was to find comic books.

Even she thought it was stupid, leaving the safety net of the fortress for some measly stories, but that fact is, she had completely exhausted every single comic in the library multiple times. Invader Green #42, Tessellation #13, and Tricksters & Pirates #36 where her few favorites. Their wasn’t a single series that was actually complete in the base, and she wanted to change that. Plus, she really did miss the outdoors. The smell was something different, and the fact that anything, bandits, clickers, runners, could attack you at any moment left Ellie with an exhilarating thrill.

Exhilarating thrill, plus a tang in her bladder. She looked left and right, standing back up and dancing around for a second. Another plus of being outside the factory was privacy. After a few seconds of quietness, she decided that now was a best time as any. The field gave her a fantastic view if anything came through this way, and the tree line gave her some cover in case she was spotted first.

She set her pack down and out of the way, before taking a few more steps into the woods. There, she found a large tree that was partially placed on a slope, the perfect position for her to relieve herself. With her back turned to the woods, She carefully shimmied off her jeans, letting them drop to her ankles and exposing her in very boring panties. Even though she had been forced to urinate in front of others many times, especially Joel, she still was always nervous in open areas, and a blush appeared on her face.

After a few moments of hesitation, the twinge reminded her and caused Ellie to grab the elastic waistband of her underwear as she slipped them down to her pants, leaving her bottomless. She squatted down and spread out her legs, reaching down and spreading her vulva carefully with two fingers. Birds chirped loudly in the background as she slowly started to pee. A small trickle of urine ran down the line of her butt before steadying out, readjusting herself and pulling her legs back so no pee landed on her clothing. After a moment’s pause, her pee started to turn into a steady stream, a slight hiss noise filling the air. “Ah…” She let out almost a moan as her urine sprayed on the forest floor, the dirt below turning damp as Ellie’s golden pee covered the ground. Her crotch tingled, and the force of her pee increased.

What was the expression Joel used? ‘You piss like a racehorse?’ She thought to herself, letting out a slight chuckle as her pee reached it’s peak and began to die down until only a few drips were left.

Ellie was almost disappointed. Peeing in the woods was one of the few times she could think about everything that has gone down so far, and it made her nostalgic. She could finally relax, not worry about going hungry, or getting eaten alive, or beaten to death or raped or anything that was evil and bad in the world. She just needed to pee, and nothing else mattered for a moment or two.

She looked down, noting the darker spots that covered the dirt, gently running down the small incline. Surprised, her eyes widen at how much her pubic hair had grown. It was beginning to go from just a few strands to an actual mound in a few weeks, and she may even need to start shaving it soon.

Ellie paused for a moment, realizing she really hasn’t examined herself before. Sure, she has masturbated many, many times, and she may or may not have sneaked a few glances at Joel’s penis when he went to the restroom, but she never actually had a good look of herself or anyone else. Reaching over to her pack, she shifted through the contents until she pulled out a shard of an old mirror, a thin layer of dirt caking the front. She reached down between her legs again and spread out her vagina, situating the mirror under her.

“Woah!” She called out in amazement. It looked so alien to her, seeing up close. The skin was pink and clean, and she could see all the intricate layers of her womanhood.

Ellie stared for a few more minutes until a drop of urine splattered against the mirror, shaking her back into reality. She only had a few hours of daylight left, and if she wasn’t back by curfew, she was going to be in trouble. She leaned over and grabbed a few leaves, wiping herself carefully and cleaning herself up. She then stood up and bent over, pulling her panties back up. They were black and had almost no lace, save for a small, intricate design on both the sides that clung to her hips and were tight against her butt. She twisted around, taking a quick look at her own rear and smiling. She really just wanted to pull them back down and finger herself, which wasn’t too different then usual since she hasn’t been alone if a few days. The problem is, doing it outside in the woods didn’t sound like fun. Getting attacked in the middle of it by a clicker or runner wouldn’t be the best way to die, and being discovered by a bandit might be…

She pulled her jeans back up, dancing around to squeeze her ass into them. Throwing her backpack over her shoulders, she turned around and started to walk through the field, keeping an eye on the surrounding area as she made her way to the first search area. The search for the comic books.

