Cause and Effect

Author: Foxlover

*000*2025-08-20 16:30

Hello, all! Been a minute; I realized I have a few more commissions I never posted here, so I figured I'd slowly start putting them up so they could live somewhere other than my hard drive lol... Hopefully you all enjoy!

CAUSE AND EFFECT

CW: wheelchair disability

It had been twenty minutes since Monica Latham had woken up, and instead of using them to get up and starting her day, she’d spent them staring up at the ceiling of her dimly lit bedroom. Ever since last month, her body had woken her up at the same time each morning, for the same reason; a dull but persistent ache in her lower back.

She turned her head to the side to look at her alarm clock; 6:58 AM. Early for a Saturday, in her mind… after the rigors of the work week, she relied on those two precious days of freedom at the end of it to sleep, relax, rejuvenate, and maybe engage in a hobby before the rat race began anew. Yet, here she was, up at a frustratingly reasonable hour, unable to fall back asleep.

With a sigh, she pushed herself upright, running a hand through her russet locks, blinking the last vestiges of sleep from her eyes. The curtains were still drawn shut over the only window in the room, but a thin sliver of sunlight managed to get through the tiny space where they didn’t meet, slicing a beam of radiance across the TV and dresser situated on the opposite wall of her bed. She glanced over at the blank screen, her own tired honey-brown eyes staring back at her. Monica rolled her shoulders, grunting as she reached over to pluck her glasses up from the nightstand, her eyes briefly flitting to the closet door slightly ajar. She could see her jackets hanging up, as well as her evening wear and… ski suits…

Monica swallowed down a bitter taste as she pushed her glasses onto her face and scooted her butt off the bed and into the wheelchair situated right next to it. She pulled her legs off after her with a grunt, letting them thump down over the edge of the chair with a muted *poomp*.

Rapid onset localized paraplegia, the doctors had called it… the acute damage to her lower spinal cord caused by blunt force trauma. It was sobering to think about...a single split decision, a hair too far left on her skis… She still remembered smacking into that tree, going flying through the air through branches and foliage and landing in a ditch...it was the last thing she’d remembered, before waking up in that hospital. They’d thought they’d have to amputate, but luckily the snow and cold had kept serious bleeding and infection at a minimum. “Time will tell”, they’d told her, when she’d asked the obvious and bone-chilling question of whether or not her paralysis was permanent… they’d said that the next few weeks would be critical in determining the longevity of her condition. Miraculously, her spinal cord was still intact, though the doctors had still confined her to the wheelchair to make absolutely certain she didn’t exacerbate the problem.

Monica stared down at the appendages that once carried her down the street for coffee, or up the stairs to her friend’s apartment, or even to the bathroom for a piss… now just two all but useless lumps of flesh, bone and soon-to-be atrophied muscle, if the worst case diagnosis was right.

Swallowing, Monica grabbed the wheels of her mobility device and rolled herself over to her closet, pulling out a pin tank-top and a pair of black leggings… the top was a cinch but she still hadn’t gotten all the way used to having to manually lift her legs in order to put on pants...Her brow creased with frustration as one of the legs snagged on her foot...her teeth grit as she yanked the stubborn pant leg up her foot until it popped out the other end.

She slumped back down in her chair after the ordeal, running a hand through her hair again before rolling out her open bedroom door into her apartment proper… the daylight was more apparent in here, flooding through the window into the den and illuminating the little kitchen near her front door… as well as all the dirty pots and pans and takeout containers strewn about. She blew an idle hair out of her mouth...proper kitchen maintenance was a lot more difficult when you were now eye level with your counter.

The girl sighed once more, wheeling herself back around...she supposed now was a good time as any to start the arduous process of her morning bathroom routine, starting with a nice pi-

Monica jumped a bit as she heard 3 knocks at her door. Frowning, she rolled herself over to the door, wondering who could possibly be visiting her. Unable to check the peephole, she merely unlocked the door and opened it.

Standing on the other side was a young woman who looked to be in her late twenties, dressed similarly to Monica in an aquamarine halter top and high waist black leggings. Her curly blonde hair was tied back in a simple ponytail, and her bright blue eyes beamed as they dropped to meet Monica’s.

Monica blinked, staring up at the woman. “...Tracy?” She murmured incredulously. “What are you-”

“Nicki!” The woman interrupted with a squeal, barging in and stooping down to wrap her arms around Monica’s shoulders. To her credit, Monica recovered from her surprise quick enough to reciprocate the gesture, though she still looked somewhat puzzled.

“Mf... Tra-ha-hacy…” She chuckled, working to extract herself from the enthusiastic embrace. “I...no, I’m glad to see you too…” She murmured as the woman finally let go.

Tracy stepped back, still rolling on her heels. Suddenly, as if someone hit a switch, her radiant smile changed to a scowl as she planted her hands on her hips. “So you’re just not gonna answer my phone calls? No texts, no I.M’s, nothing!?” She hissed accusingly.

Monica balked at the sudden change in demeanor. “I-”

But Tracy didn’t let her finish, diving in for another hug. “You had me so worried! I was this close to just tracking your phone from my laptop!” She exclaimed as she squeezed her wheelchair bound friend tight.

Monica blinked again as she was squeezed, reaching up to pat the woman’s back. “No, I-I know, Tracy, I know I said I’d call…”

Tracy let go again, still pouting down at her friend. “Yeah, you did..”

Monica sighed, wheeling herself back a bit. “I’m sorry, it’s just… adjusting’s been harder than I thought.” She muttered, looking down at her legs again. “Didn’t really feel up to seeing anyone.”

Tracy’s gaze followed Monica’s to the woman’s legs, and her expression softened. “What about the physical therapist the doctor sends you?”

Monica scowled. “4 nights a week...but it’s not like I’m not making any progress, it’s a waste of both our time.” She grumbled.

Tracy pursed her lips. “Nicki, the doctor said the first few weeks would be slow, but you’ve gotta keep going so you can-”

“-So I can what?” Monica snapped, glaring up at her friend. “Be on a cane for the rest of my life? Even if I can walk again, they said it might be barely, and I won’t be able to do all the things I could before, so what’s the fucking point!?”

The small apartment reverberated with her outburst. Tracy lowered her head, and Monica felt a surge of guilt bubble up in her stomach. She swallowed, wheeling herself forward. “Trace...Tracy, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to- I didn’t mean to snap at you like that...”

Tracy shook her head, swallowing herself. When she raised her head, her eyes were somewhat red. “No, it’s *sniff* it’s okay…” She murmured. “I...I know this has been hard for you, and I...I-I just don’t want you to go through it alone…”

Monica nodded. “I know, and...I appreciate it…”

They both sat there in silence for another few minutes before Tracy sniffled again. “Well, go put on some socks and shoes.” She commanded.

Monica frowned. “What for?”

Tracy wiped at her eyes, giving her friend a watery smile. “We’re both sad, and sadness means day drinking.”

Monica smirked. “Thanks, Trace, but uh...I don’t think I should, you know, ‘drink and drive’...” she murmured, gesturing to her chair.

Tracy pouted. “Come onnn, Nicki, I’ve got stuff for mimosas at my new plaaaace...” She wheedled in a sing-songy voice, giving her friend her best mega-watt smile.”

Finally, Monica sighed, chuckling. “Fine, fine… gimme a sec…” she murmured, wheeling herself back to her bedroom, smiling wider than she had in weeks as Tracy’s happy claps echoed behind her.

Despite her handicap, Monica was ready to go in short order. She’d changed into some more dignified leggings, a camisole top, a light brown jacket and her favorite pair of boots. A quick jaunt to the bathroom to brush her teeth and comb her hair, plus a couple of her painkillers with a large glass of water, and she was ready to go. A pang in her abdomen had caused her pause, momentarily debating if she should pee… but she ultimately decided the faint urge was hardly worth the hassle of getting her pants down, hoisting herself on the toilet, and then trying to pull them back up while still sitting down… no need to delay that much.

Monica rolled back into the living room with a nod, and the pair left the apartment, starting down the hallway to the elevator. Tracy pressed the button for the lobby while Monica began going through her phone, wincing at all the missed calls and texts from the woman standing next to her.

The elevator door slid open with a pleasant *ding*, just in time to reveal a portly, balding man hoisting two boxes with considerable effort, next to a willowy blonde woman in what looked to be a rather swanky skirt and top who looked to be his wife, and a bored looking teenage girl that was supposedly their daughter. “Come on, Alexis, your apartment’s just down the hall!” The woman exclaimed, hurrying out into the hallway. “Apartment 7H...Oh, excuse me…” She mumbled as she scooched past Tracy and Monica.

Monica sighed inwardly as the woman’s eyes lingered on her for a second longer… after a little under a month in this chair, she was getting used to the looks from people, but that didn’t mean she liked them. She wheeled aside as the man staggered out after his wife, his moustached face ruddy with the effort of carrying the belongings of the girl trailing behind him.

Tracy and Monica entered the elevator themselves, with the former wrinkling her nose. “Eugh, spring moving day…” She muttered. “Sorry, I forgot…”

Monica chuckled again. “Don’t worry about it...I should be thanking you for getting me out of the house for it…”

The rest of the ride down was uneventful...The lobby was rather calm, though it was starting to fill up with families hoping to beat the day rush for move-in.

Finally, the pair broke the perimeter of the apartment building and started down the block. Monica couldn’t wipe the smile off her face… She’d been a total recluse since her accident, the fresh air and scent of juniper and honeysuckle made her feel like 10 pounds of lead had been lifted from her shoulders.

She and Tracy chatted idly the entire 12 minute walk to Tracy’s apartment, mostly about whether or not Monica was gonna get a motorized wheelchair. Monica refused, saying that using her arms to roll the wheels of her manual one gave her a sense of agency that a motorized option would not.

Finally, they reached Tracy’s building… a modern brownstone closer to downtown, and thankfully with elevator access to all floors. As the two entered the building, Monica felt another pang from her bladder, this one a bit more acute than the first, but still hardly cause for alarm. They rode up the elevator together, still talking and laughing all the way to the 6th floor and down the hallway towards Tracy’s unit. A few moments later, Tracy was unlocking the door, letting both of them inside and immediately starting towards the kitchen to begin preparing their drinks. Monica chuckled inwardly at the sheer number of plants the woman had stationed around the common space...she always said the greenery helped her think. How she managed to keep all of them watered was a wonder…

“Hey, Nicki!” Tracy called from the kitchen. “I’m warming up bagels, and I’ve got lox in the fridge, is that cool?”

Monica’s mouth immediately watered. “Sounds great!” She called back, wheeling herself back around towards the kitchen in anticipation.

Within the hour, the two friends were sat out on Tracy’s balcony, a plate of toasted egg bagels with cream cheese and smoked salmon and a pitcher of mimosa between them. Monica was careful not to drink too much, given her means of transportation, but that didn’t stop her from putting away three or four glasses of the stuff. It wasn’t long till she had a nice buzz going.

“Mmhmmhmm...Yeah, I owe you big time for this, Trace…” Monica sighed, lounging back in her chair and watching the people in the park across the street down below. “I don’t think I’d ever have gotten out of the house on my own…”

Trace giggled girlishly, her cheeks a bit red from the alcohol. “Well o’ course, what’re friends for?” She chirped, raising her glass to clink it to Monica’s, spilling a bit and causing them both to laugh.

As the liquid splashed on her hand, though, Monica was once again reminded of her earlier urge that was definitely noticeable now. She wrestled between disrupting their nice time to ask Tracy if she could use her bathroom, and just soldiering through...but the more she thought on it, the more she became aware of the gentle pressure in her abdomen that would certainly become a nuisance down the line.

“Hey, Trace… you think I could u-”

“Ooh, hold that thought…” Tracy murmured, holding up a finger as she placed a hand on her stomach with a giggle. “Oh, shit, be right back...Think it’s time to break the seal…” She tittered, getting unsteadily to her feet and slipping back insider, leaving Monica alone.

The bathroom must’ve been rather close to the balcony, because Monica could hear the door open and Tracy shuffle in. Suddenly, to Monica’s surprise, the sound of liquid hitting liquid as Tracy let out a morning’s worth of alcohol with a sigh.

With a thrill of embarrassment, Monica realized her friend had forgotten to close the door; she could hear her splattering pee clear as day, and the sound only agitated her own need that much more. She found herself shifting a bit from side to side in her chair, hands in her lap as she tried to block out the sound of her friend’s relief, both for modesty and comfort’s sake.

After another moment the sound abated, followed by the sound of a sink running, and then Tracy was sauntering back out onto the balcony looking mighty relieved. “Sorry about that...Alcohol goes right through me, hehe…” She giggled, sitting back down.

Monica wiggled her butt down in her seat as she leaned forward. “Yeah, actually, about that...mind if I use it, too? You, uh….kinda left the door open and it made me need to go…” She explained, averting her eyes.

Tracy blinked, her own cheeks reddening. “I did? So, like, you heard me- oh, shit, that’s embarrassing, haha…” She chuckled, putting a hand to her face. “Uh, yeah, yeah, go ahead…”

Monica threw her friend a grateful smile before turning and wheeling herself back into the apartment. She groaned inwardly at how much of a chore this was gonna be… It was likely that Tracy’s toilet wouldn’t have the same handrails Monica had gotten installed on her own, so she was gonna have to finesse the mounting proc-

*Thunk*

Monica blinked in confusion as she bumped into the door frame of the bathroom. Frowning, she looked down, and with a hint of annoyance, she realized the doorway wasn’t wide enough to accommodate her wheelchair. Her eyes lifted back up towards the toilet, sitting there almost mockingly. She felt another pang from her bladder, and with pursed lips, she wheeled herself around and back out onto the balcony.

“Mm, that was fast…” Tracy murmured as her friend reappeared, setting her drink down.

Monica did her best to fight down the urge that had intensified upon being denied attention. “Yeah, I uh, didn’t go. False alarm.” She muttered. Somehow, her pride wouldn’t allow her to admit that she couldn’t even use her friend’s bathroom because of her condition… her dignity was really all she had left.

Tracy blinked. “You sure? You had a lot to drink, almost more than me...plus the water with your pills-”

“It’s fine…” Monica murmured quickly. “I’m a big girl, I’ll be okay.” she said with a confident grin. In the back of her mind, though, she knew she was lying...the urge, while still low, was most definitely persisting...she’d have to address it sooner rather than later, which meant finding a handicap-friendly bathroom...but there had to be one in the lobby, at least. She’d hit it on her way out, no problem.

After maybe twenty minutes more of chatter, Monica’s concentration was beginning to wane, split between the conversation with her friend and the slowly but steadily intensifying pressure in her bladder. As much as she didn’t want to cut their get-together short, Monica knew she needed to go ahead and find someplace to pee.

“Trace, thanks so much for this, I really needed it.” Monica murmured, smiling as she began to wheel herself back from the table.

Tracy looked up, frowning around a bit of bagel. “Leaffing ahweady?” She mumbled around her food.

Monica chuckled, but she nodded all the same. “Yeah, I’ve got some work to do at home, and I promised myself I’d leave the evening free for physical therapy. But, I promise I’ll answer the next time you call...no need to show up at my place for an intervention…”

Tracy laughed, but she set her bagel down all the same. “Want me to walk you down?” She asked, getting to her feet.

“Honestly, Trace, I’m not an invalid.” Monica muttered, a bit of an edge coming back to her voice before she reigned herself in. “I mean...I appreciate it, but I can get by on my own. See you later?” She murmured.

Tracy nodded, a small smile on her lips. “Sooner rather than later.” She joked.

Monica returned the smile before turning and making her way back out to the living room… Tracy insisted on following her and opening the front door, to which Monica obliged. As the woman bent down to give her friend another hug, she sighed. “Good seeing you, Nik-nik…” She murmured, planting a kiss on her friend’s forehead. Monica wheeled through the doorway, giving her friend a wave as it closed behind her.

Once she was alone, she inhaled deeply, wiggling in her seat some more. She’d managed to keep herself relatively relaxed-looking through the remainder of their hang, but those mimosas and that water from earlier, plus her skipped morning pee were really making themselves known. Blowing a bit of air out of her mouth, Monica rolled her way to the elevator, pressing the button.

It took longer to appear than it had before...or perhaps Monica was just impatient. She crossed her arms, wishing she could tap her foot or something ... it was a strange sensation, having almost no feeling in her legs but then such present pressure in her abdomen.

After what seemed like longer than it should’ve, the elevator reached Monica’s level, sliding open and allowing her to wheel inside. She immediately wheeled around, hurriedly pressing the button that would take her to the lobby. The thought of finally reaching an accommodating bathroom had Monica bouncing gently in anticipation, her fingers fidgeting on the wheels of her chair as the elevator descended.

Once it reached the bottom Monica wheeled herself out and past the front desk, towards the hallway adjacent to the elevators where the bathrooms were.

She rolled around and down the corridor to the ladies… but as she pushed the door open, she found 3 normal stalls and a sink...no extra wide ones for people with handicaps. Letting out a slight groan, Monica wheeled herself back out, shutting her eyes and trying to calm the angry shuddering from a steadily filling bladder that had been denied relief twice now. Oh, what she’d give to be able to squeeze her legs together…

Still, there was no point in lingering here. Time to try elsewhere.

Monica rolled herself out of the building, craning her neck to look for her next possible salvation. She wheeled up and down the street, trying different storefronts, and was met with the same predicament. A lot of stores were smaller along the commercial strip, and thus didn’t see the need to invest space in large restrooms to accommodate handicap stalls. Each one Monica tried ended in failure, leaving her to wheel out with a heart growing heavier and a bladder getting fuller. This went on for a good twenty minutes, until Monica was beginning to worry if she’d be able to find a place in time. It was as though she had a water balloon in her abdomen, primed and ready to pop if jostled too much.

Monica wheeled out of the latest store and onto the street, blowing air out of her mouth and bounced up and down as pride began to give way to desperation. The early afternoon warmth, which she’d found delightful on the way here, now eluded her as the tall buildings near her blocked out the sun, leaving her with a chill only served to exacerbate the urge building between her thighs.

The redhead looked up and down the walk, biting her upper lip and continuing to jiggle in her chair as she contemplated her next attempt at relief. Her eyes fell on a Starbucks across the way, on the other side of the crosswalk...Finally! A national chain, surely they would have wheelchair accessible restrooms! She quickly rolled herself down the sidewalk, doing her best to avoid normal pedestrians and strollers as she approached the stoplight. To her dismay, however, she saw a sheer drop off from the curb to the street, not exactly conducive for those wheel-chair bound… plus the jolt that would come from her hitting the pavement was definitely not something her bladder needed right now.

Huffing in frustration, Monica wheeled further down the street, searching for a crosswalk that was more accessible and wishing desperately she could cross her legs or at least curl her toes.

She had to travel two blocks out of the way before she found one, and all the way her bladder was growing fuller by the minute. She could feel the hem of her tight yoga pants digging into the swollen organ, making her crotch burn with the effort of keeping the ever-increasingly large flood of hot piss at bay. She bit her lip again, lifting herself out of the chair for a moment to wiggle her ass back and forth in a dance of desperation before dropping back down and wheeling on. Cars zoomed across the crosswalk as Monica approached and took her place next to the small group that was gathered and waiting to cross the street.

In front of her, two college age girls in matching school sweatshirts were arguing.

“Ugh, why is this light taking so long? Did you press the button?”

“I told you I did, sometimes it just takes a minute!”

“That’s what you said a minute ago! I told you, I gotta pee!”

“And I told you I pressed it, okay!? I had the same slushie you did, Hannah...”

Monica sympathized with the girl on the right...being stymied by an uncooperative pedestrian light was inconvenient to anyone, walking or not. Still, she found herself wondering if the girl’s friend had indeed pressed it… It was interesting how all faith in the inherent honesty of humanity faded away when the walk button was concerned.

Just then, the girl who had to pee stomped over and pressed the button for herself...and within seconds, the stoplight turned to yellow, then red as the walk light came on. Monica quickly rolled herself into the street, after the bickering students.

“I knew you didn’t fucking press it!”

“I swear I did!”

“Whatever, I get to pee first when we get there…”

“No way, I’ve been holding it longer than you!”

Monica ignored them, wheeling herself across the street as quickly as she could and hoping the light held long enough for her, even as the blinking numbers came on to signify that the cars would once again have reign of the road soon.

She managed to reach the other side just as the timer hit zero, wincing as she swung herself up the bumpy ramp to the sidewalk.

Back down the sidewalk she went, the only thing on her mind being the Starbucks and the hopefully empty and usable restroom inside.

As she came up to the door, she let out a short sigh of elation upon there was a handicap button on the side…and if there was a handicap button out here, there had to be handicap restrooms inside.

She pressed the button forcefully, rolling herself back and continuing to bounce gently as the door slowly swung open. As soon as it cleared her chair, she rolled herself in.

Monica quickly wheeled up to the counter, clearing her throat. “Hi, uh, is your restroom available?” She grunted, leaning forward in her wheelchair as she tried not to bounce up and down like a little girl in front of the cashier.

The attendant on duty, an acne-ridden teen who looked about 17, idly pointed to the sign on the window; “NO PUBLIC RESTROOMS”.

Monica bit back a curse. “O-Okay, uh… j-just give me a cake pop or something, I don’t care…” She muttered, reaching in her pocket.

It was empty.

A chill went up her spine as she realized she’d left her wallet at home...she normally never left home without it, but given the nature of her outing, she hadn’t anticipated needing it.

Swallowing, the frazzled redhead turned back to the cashier, who was looking at her expectantly as a line began to form behind her.

“I-I’m so sorry, I forgot my wallet...b-but please, can you make an exception? I really gotta go…” She whimpered, her butt gyrating back and forth in the chair.

“Hey come on, the lady’s gotta go.” Said a man in line behind her, looking disapprovingly at the cashier. Despite being grateful for the support, Monica felt her cheeks burn with embarrassment. The unempathetic teen was unmoved, merely shrugging. “Sorry, miss, that’s policy.”

Monica closed her eyes, hissing and wiggling again and dearly wishing she could pee dance, sit on her heel...Anything to assuage the hot, tight little ball of pressure nestled between her thighs. It was as though the entire lower half of her body were a liter of boiling piss begging to escape.

“You don’t understand, kid, I’m like...dying, here…” Monica muttered through gritted teeth, beads of perspiration matting her chestnut hair to her forehead as she gripped the wheels of her chair… but the cashier had already been called away to assist another customer.

Monica could’ve screamed. She briefly thought about letting it rip right here on the floor of this coffee shop, but she knew that would only end badly for her.

“Hey…” one of the women in line behind her murmured. “If you want, I could buy something and give you the bathroom code, it’s-”

“Thanks but, I-I gotta get outta here…” Monica grunted, turning around to leave the store, denied relief and nursing a bladder that was near to bursting..

As Monica once again rolled onto the sidewalk, she shut her eyes tight, whimpering as she pulled a hand from her wheel to jam into her crotch, bouncing up and down in the wheelchair without a lick of shame. With a bit of ironic luck, the general population’s gentle aversion to looking at the disabled meant that people went out of their way to avoid looking at her, thus missing her bouncing about like a 4-year-old.

There were more stores to try, but Monica was almost sure she’d wet herself before she found a bathroom that could accommodate her...and without her wallet, she couldn’t even buy her way into one. Her best bet was heading home...her own bathroom was the only one she was certain she'd be able to use.

Unfortunately, the Starbucks had been in the opposite direction… She had something of a trek ahead of her, one she didn’t look forward to making with her bladder in such an impossibly full state. Still, the longer she sat here, the less chance she had of making it there dry...best get a move on. And so, Monica steeled herself, clenching what muscles she could as she turned her chair towards her apartment and started off towards her apartment.

It was a slow go of it; her arms were burning from how much wheeling she’d been doing up and down the street, such so that she had to travel along at a slower pace than normal...something her bladder did not like, and it let her know as much with its angry, bloated throbbing. Her direction began to wobble somewhat, as she alternated between wheeling with one hand and grabbing her crotch with the other, stunting her progress even more. Her bladder felt cramped in her abdomen, like her torso was sitting on an overinflated football, compressed by her body-weight and fit to burst if any more pressure was applied.

After nearly twenty agonizing minutes, during all of which she felt she would leak at any moment, Monica wheeled herself up the main walkway of her apartment, breathing heavily with exertion as her arms shook from fatigue. She couldn’t afford to rest, though...it was only by sheer force of will she’d not let a drop of golden nectar slip past her trembling sphincter.

She pressed on, wheeling herself inside...and she felt her heart drop into her stomach, landing on her overfilled bladder.

The lobby was a zoo, loud and bustling with dozens of families trying to move their children into apartments and disgruntled millennials just trying to get up to their units without stepping on someone’s suitcase or boxed-up gaming system. The elevator was clogged full of people carrying boxes and plastic tubs...every time it opened, half a dozen people would spill out and another half dozen would cram in.

Monica could’ve cried. She could feel gravity pulling at the ocean of amber nectar within her body. She felt a squirt hiss out into her panties, warm and wet on her quivering thighs, coaxing her to give up and gush all over herself...

No...she told herself fiercely. Don’t think like that, not now. You’re gonna get upstairs, to your own toilet.. you are not gonna piss your fucking pants.

Summoning all her resolve, Monica did her best to find a wheelable path through all the chaos, approaching the elevator just as it slid shut on what looked like a mountain of boxes.

She all but jammed her finger into the button before wheeling back, taking deep breaths and closing her eyes as she bounced up and down in her chair, hands pressed tightly against her crotch.

The elevator came and went maybe three times, and each time it was filled up to capacity before closing. In her desperate haze, Monica imagined the elevator was her bladder, ruthlessly filled up and made to carry more than it was designed to over and over and over again…

“Miss?” said a voice next to Monica, breaking her out of her reverie. She opened her eyes to see a dark-haired woman in her early forties looking at her, flanked by what looked to be her husband, college age daughter and two younger sons. “Are you okay?” She murmured.

Monica swallowed, tears running down her face. She realized they could see her squirming and holding herself like a toddler...though she was beyond caring at this point.

“I-I’m sorry…” Monica croaked. “I just...th-the elevator...Need to...pee so bad…” She muttered thickly, hardly able to form coherent thoughts, her mind drowning in an ocean of amber.

The woman gasped. “Oh, you poor thing! Robert, take the boys…” She said, turning to her husband. The man blinked, looking from his wife to Monica before realization dawned on him. “Oh, of course...Here, come on boys…” He murmured, ushering his sons out of the elevator. The woman turned back to Monica as space was freed up. Here, come on in…” She murmured, holding the door.

Monica didn’t even have the wherewithal to thank her as pulled her hands from her crotch and wheeled herself in, still supremely focused on keeping herself (mostly) dry.

“What floor, hon?” The woman asked, looking down at Monica.

The redhead raised her glazed gaze towards the kind samaritan. “S-seven…” She muttered thickly.

The trip up felt like it was happening in slow motion...Monica’s bladder felt like a stew pot, and for every floor, it felt as though someone was pouring in another cup of liquid. She hoped the woman and her daughter couldn’t smell the evidence of her little lapse in control...if they could, they didn’t let on. Every time they stopped, Monica felt more of her control slip away...she couldn’t pull her hands from her crotch even if she wanted to, they were the only things holding back the absolute deluge she was dying to let out.

After an eternity, the doors dinged open on floor seven, but Monica did not leave. The woman frowned at her, holding a hand over the door to keep it from closing. “This is you, isn’t it?”

Monica trembled in her chair, nodding, though her hands were still buried in her crotch. “Can’t...c-can’t move…” She whimpered, dedicating all her strength to not completely pissing herself.

The woman pursed her lips before turning to her daughter. “Go back downstairs to your father and brothers, I’ll be along shortly.”

The girl looked at her mom, and then at Monica with a sympathetic expression before nodding.

Monica felt the woman take hold of the handles of her chair and wheel her out into the hallway. “What unit, hon?” She murmured.

Monica was too desperate to even be humiliated by this sort of assistance. “U-Unit H…” She breathed.

The woman smiled gently. “Oh, not too far from my daughter…” She murmured, pushing Monica’s wheelchair down the hallway.

The redhead still had her hands in her crotch, her lower body gyrating from side to side.

“Heh...” the woman pushing her murmured. “On the way here I down a whole bottle of peach tea before we boarded the train, then water and lemonade on the train...and wouldn't you know, we broke down a mile from the station? My back teeth were floating, thought I was gonna explode… I know how you feel.”

Monica winced at the story… hearing about this stranger’s prior toilet agony did nothing to help assuage her own. Luckily, though, the respite allowed her to regain enough control to where she no longer felt as though she was going to gush any second.

Finally, they came to Monica’s unit. The redhead lifted her fevered gaze towards the woman. “Th-thanks...I got it from here.”

The woman blinked down at her. “You sure?”

Monica nodded emphatically, already pulling out her keys. “Y-yeah...Yeah I’m sure…You can go now…Thank you...”

The woman nodded gently, stepping back with a small smile. “You’re welcome, dear…” She murmured before turning and striding back towards the elevator.

Monica all but stabbed the keys into her lock, shoving open the door and wheeling inside. She could already see her toilet from here… She was so fucking close… she could already imagine the relief, of finally letting the river inside her flow free…

Oh no.

The thought of release triggered something in Monica, she was gonna blow any second. She wheeled as fast as she could, already feeling urine beginning to flood into her urethra, her thighs quivering. Just a few more seconds…

She threw open her bathroom door, lunging for the handrails around her toilet...but as she touched them, she knew it was too late.

As the first gush of piss seared through her leggings, turning the black fabric iridescent, Monica let out a guttural groan. She managed to cut it off, but her bladder would not be controlled any longer. It responded by replacing the choked off gout with an even bigger squirt, one she managed to slow but could not stop. She was finished…the only thing she could do now is try and mitigate the damage. With an anguished cry, used the last of her strength to clench her pelvic muscles as hard as she could, simultaneously launching herself out of the chair and onto the toile just Monica’s muscles gave in and the stream began in earnest.

Monica’s shoulders sagged as she slumped over, quite literally giving up as piss jetted straight through her leggings into the toilet bowl below. Luckily, she’d been so full that the resultant release of pressure made it so the stream hissed through the fabric in one powerful stream, sparing the rest of her leggings the thorough soaking they would’ve gotten had she stayed in her chair. The gushing cascade didn’t stop for over a minute, until her crotch was absolutely soaked. In the back of her waterlogged mind, Monica found herself impressed with how much she’d been able to hold… and in the midst of all those obstacles, and it had felt so good to let go….Plus, the warm, soggy fabric against her skin felt rather nice, especially on the seam that ground against her...oooh…

As Monica pushed herself up, looking down at the small wet spot in her chair, she couldn’t help but be curious of how she could experiment with this new sensation…

…In a controlled environment, of course.

THE END

