Archaeology Fun

Author: fullbladder

*000*2019-05-09 00:41

Ash crossed her hands over her lap nervously, anxiously wondering how much longer the drive might be. The bumpy road wasn’t helping- each jolt felt like a punch to her bladder. Despite her discomfort, a strange sexual excitement was building inside her slender 19-year old body. She had never expected anything like this when she had signed up for a research assistant internship through her school’s Archaeology co-op program.

Beside her, Dana looked just as uncomfortable. She had one hand firmly pressed in the crotch of her khaki pants, as she drove with the other hand. Ash couldn’t help but admire her 32-year old mentor’s body- the woman was as fit as she was smart! Ash’s thoughts wandered to what was going to happen later, when they reached the site. She wriggled in her seat as a wave of intense desperation ran through her, just resisting the urge to grab her crotch through her skirt. She forced her mind off sensual thoughts and back to maintaining control of her rapidly filling bladder.

It had all started a week ago with a new discovery in Brazil. Some clearing of the Amazon had revealed a new structure built by indigenous peoples thousands of years ago. Further excavation was producing interesting revelations, including non-traditional sexual acts. Although Dana was conservative in nature, she was unconditionally dedicated to her work. She believed in experiential learning- that there was something a scientist could gain from trying what their ancestors had. Dana and Ash had built a growing trust in each other over the past two months and Ash had been surprised to hear that a previous co-op student, a male, had helped Dana practice some sexual acts.

Ash had jumped at this opportunity when Dana had asked her. Ash was the sexually explorative type and found her boss to be quite attractive, despite their age difference. She could still recite the conversation, as she had masturbated thinking about it ever since. That morning, Dana had shown her photos of the new paintings where a woman standing on a rock was urinating on a group of men and women kneeling below her. The excavators in the area had found the same rock buried nearby using laser technology, but a lot of work was needed to expose it. Dana had gone on to say that she knew of a private forested area with a large rock they could recreate the scene on the upcoming weekend. Ash had naturally agreed and the conversation had progressed to how the women would fill their bladders during the drive in.

Unfortunately, the main road had been closed due to construction and the detour had added nearly thirty minutes to the drive. The ladies had stopped drinking chilled water bottles a while ago, but the damage had been done. They were bursting and the bumpy road prevented them from getting to the darn rock any faster! Dana gasped as she turned into the small parking area. Ash noticed her entire body tense up as her driving hand released the steering wheel and joined its mate in Dana’s crotch. Dana braked hard to halt the Jeep, her quivering leg struggling to keep the foot in place.

“Are you okay?” Ash asked, her own plight growing worse by the second. Dana blushed red and quickly shut off the engine, making sure her other hand remained in her crotch. “Yes, I just didn’t expect anyone else to be here, that’s all.” It was then that Ash noticed a truck parked at the other end of the parking area. Her anxiety immediately heightened as she realized the other visitors might see them near the rock. Speaking of the rock, where was it anyway?

Dana gasped again as she opened the car door and carefully stepped out of the vehicle. Ash felt the most powerful urge yet as she opened the door to feel the chilly mountain air. She grabbed her womanhood to prevent leakage. As she stood up, she could feel Dana’s eyes on her and tried to release her grip. Another strong spasm erupted from her bladder and she felt herself leak into her thong. She violently thrust her fingers back between her legs and struggled to prevent a full accident.

The car beeped immediately after she shut the door and Dana’s shaking voice announced that they needed to walk five minutes. Dana took the lead, hobbling with both hands in her crotch. The tight clamp on her khakis pulled them tight against her round ass, which Ash admired as she limped along behind. She thought she could make out some dampness on Dana’s inner thighs but wasn’t sure. Had her boss started wetting her pants?

Ash could hear distant chatter as they cautiously made their way uphill. The climb was hell and it was a constant, exhausting struggle not to succumb to her bladder’s demands. She needed to pee SO badly. How good it would feel to just LET GO!

The only saving grace was that Dana appeared to be in even worse shape. She stopped twice within three minutes to avoid completely pissing her pants. The second time, Ash heard the familiar gasp from her boss. Automatically, she focused on her ass to observe a wet streak seep down the inside of her left leg. Dana was losing control of her bladder. She rocked back and forth, fighting to stop the leak. Ash felt herself leak again and pushed even more forcefully against her pussy. She was SO close to wetting herself.

Suddenly, the voices grew louder and there were footsteps echoing down the narrow trail- people were approaching. Dana helplessly hobbled to the side of the trail, but that was as far as she got. There was a large log blocking her path off the trail and she was in no shape to climb over it. Ash desperately scrambled to the other side, managing to get both feet into the muddy soil before realizing she would wet herself struggling through the sticky terrain.

The young couple jogging down the trail slowed to a walk and stopped talking as they caught sight of the attractive brunette on the verge of a wetting accident. The woman burst into uncontrollable laughter as her husband stared on in shock. As they walked past, he turned to get a full view of Dana’s wet butt. It was too much- Dana burned beet red as she lost all control. Her pee flowed forcefully through her pants, drenching her hands. With a blissful sigh, she gave up the battle against her own body and brought her wet palms to rest on her wide, feminine hips. She looked down in disbelief as her light tan pants darkened rapidly to brown.

Dana closed her eyes as yells of laughter filled her ears- the woman had undoubtedly noticed her accident and gone into another fit of laughter. The warm wetness flowing down her legs felt surprisingly pleasant, though nothing compared to the relief of finally releasing her long-held waters.

Fortunately for Ash, the couple had completely missed the teen blonde just a few feet behind Dana. She struggled to maintain her own dignity as she watched a well-dressed professional woman soak her pants. Ash squirted again. This time, she felt the hot wetness on her fingertips- she had just leaked through her white cotton skirt. Behind her, the laughing woman gasped through uncontrollable fits of laughter, “I’m peeing! I’m peeing!”

Ash turned around to verify that pee was indeed dripping from the woman’s behind, as she crouched down in laughter. Her husband, also laughing, pulled her up to her feet and smacked her wet behind. They quickly scurried away, still giggling hysterically.

Dana awoke from her relief-filled stupor to find Ash struggling to get back on the trail. She hurried over to help her assistant out of the mud. They had to hurry to the rock, before Ash had her own accident. Dana could feel her soiled pants sticking to her legs as she walked briskly towards the rock. The warm wetness was cooling quickly, and the chilly breeze was really hitting home- no matter she would be out of her wet pants soon enough.

Dana reached the rock with Ash trialing by a full minute. Dana quickly peeled off her drenched khakis and inspected her cotton panties. A clear wet half-moon had formed on the light blue fabric. She wondered if Ash’s panties told a similar story- she would see soon enough. Next, Dana ripped off her light jacket and t-shirt, setting her clothes down on top of a nearby log.

Ash saw Dana first before the rock- she knelt in her bra and panties waiting. Ash lost control yet again and felt her warm liquid dripping down her legs. She just barely managed to regain control- climbing this damn rock was going to be a real problem. She took a step up before realizing she would need both hands to go any higher. She let go of her crotch and somehow managed to maintain control. However, pulling herself up was another matter. As she strained and felt the cold rock push against her abdomen, she knew the battle was lost. The dam had burst and there was no way to stop the water.

Peeing herself, Ash scrambled the rest of the way up the rock. She pulled down her panties as she reached the top, her pee forming a trail to the summit. She thrust forward her hips and pulled up her pussy to direct her powerful stream off the rock to Dana below. The hot pee poured down on her 36D breasts, staining the white bra into a faint yellow color. Dana leaned forward to feel the shower on her face and spread out her arms to capture every droplet possible.

Thirty seconds later, Ash finally finished peeing with a few pleasurable strokes to her clitoris. Wow, that had felt amazing, almost surreal. She had just peed all over her beautiful, nearly naked boss in the middle of a forest! She resisted the temptation to finish herself off right there. Suddenly, there were voices in the distance again. The two women looked at each other and scrambled to gather their belongings. Ash pulled down her skirt and climbed down from the rock, while Dana strategically redressed, tying her jacket around her waist. They quietly hurried away from the wet rock, just before the voices got there- it was time to go home.

*002*2019-05-10 15:41

{{On 5/8/2019 at 7:49 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was very good

}}

Thanks Melificentfan! At least one person liked it lol

*005*2019-05-11 23:21

{{On 5/10/2019 at 9:59 AM, ragtime said:

Very cool concept! I'd love to see more like this

}}

Thanks, ragtime- appreciate the comment

