Chloe - an unfinished story

Author: Flush

*000*2017-07-31 20:55

I’m actually not sure whether I should release this one. I have a few stories in my vault where I hit writer’s block, and of which I’m sure that I will never ever, ever, complete them. This is one of those stories, but this is an odd one; since the main plot is just a frame story, it actually has enough substance to get published. I hope the end doesn't leave you unsatisfied though. This story is also not proofread and edited, so it may be a little rough around the edges. Oh well, enjoy it anyway, before I change my mind.

Disclaimer: This story contains female desperation, holding and wetting.

- - CHLOE - AN UNFINISHED STORY - -

“Hey, love, why are you so silent? Are you having second doubts about moving away? Because you don’t seem very excited about our permanent trip to...”

“David, I’m super excited! No, it’s just… I’m kind of worried about my sister, that’s all.”

“Chloe? Come on, she’s 22 years old, Hannah. I’m sure she’ll manage without you.

She’s the only girl I know who graduated cum laude, she’s almost as gorgeous just like you; people are lining up for her from the border of Kansas. Adult life should be a breeze for her.”

“I don’t know, baby. Don’t take this the wrong way, but you don’t know her like I do. I was always there for her, whenever she needed me. Yeah, she is smart - super super smart. But she can be so purposeful…”

“... And that’s a bad thing, why exactly?”

“Well, sometimes - not always, but sometimes, her mind can be so occupied with a single task that she postpones all the other things around her. Even the most basic activities; eating, sleeping, picking up the phone, you name it. I swear David, when she was working on her school assignments, the house could have been lit on fire, or a lion could have stood by her desk; she wouldn’t have moved an inch, unless I told her so.”

“Wait - so you are saying that she would rather starve than stop her activities?”

“Well, eventually she gets to things, and you don’t starve in a day, so she hasn’t exactly starved herself yet. But some more urgent matters that cannot wait hours until she finishes her task, yeah, definitely.”

“What do you mean, ‘urgent matters’?”

Hannah was silent, and peered out of the window, clearly hesitant to specify her sister’s behaviour any further, but she sighed, and continued anyway.

“Alright, you and I both promised to each other that we wouldn’t have secrets between us, so I guess I will have to answer your question, but you have to guarantee that this story stays between us. If my sister finds out that I’m telling you this, she would be so embarrassed that she would never want to see you again. And I want to be able to visit my family once in awhile.”

“My lips are sealed.”

“There have been some… incidents with Chloe.”

“Incidents?” David raised his eyebrow, and pulled onto the right lane, as a faster car was approaching him, intrigued by Hannah’s indecisiveness. They still had to pass a good amount of road, and there was no better way to kill the time than a mysterious story about his sister-in law.

“Incidents where she so occupied with her activities, that she forgot to… use the little girl’s room. Well, she did not actually forgot, it was more that she postponed it, until - well, it was too late.”

“So what? Every six- or seven year old has that phase; I still remember my older sister wetting her khaki trousers, when we were playing Mario Kart on the display console at the supermarket. And she still was proud that she beat me in the race, even though she was standing in a large puddle of her own piss.”

“Not when she was seven, David, she was definitely not seven,” Hannah explicitly repeated herself.

“Oh, you mean…”

Hannah just nodded.

“And has she always behaved like that?”

“Not always. The first incident - or at least that first I know of - was when we were in first year of college.”

“Story time?” David smiled at his girlfriend, placing her hand on her thigh. “We have plenty of time anyway.”

Hannah bit her lower lip, her mind racing whether she should tell David the tale only her and her sister knew. Chloe didn’t even knew that she knew about it. He was a great secret-keeper, though. And she had promised to tell him little detail of her life. She started slowly.

It was a warm summer evening. Our parents were out of town, so me and my sister were home alone for a couple of days, and the college placement tests were approaching. Chloe’s obsession with studying, which started in high school, was on a whole new level. So when we got home from some summer day camp, I cooked - well, I ordered pizza - while my sister went upstairs to her desk in the study room. We at together, and when she finished studying for the night, we placed ourselves on the couch and watched a movie and then went to sleep, rinse and repeat.

The second day she ended her study session later, and the third even later, and on the fourth day she announced to me that she wouldn’t have time to eat with me, so she got her lasagna and consumed it at her desk. I wasn’t particularly concerned; Chloe seemed to like her long study sessions, and I knew how important good grades were for her. So later that night, I did the chores, she joined me for a movie, we went to sleep.

On the fourth day, she didn’t even got downstairs to grab her food from the plate. Again I at alone, yelling that her food was ready, but the only reaction I got was ‘just a second!’, and thousands of seconds passed after. At first, I was annoyed with her; I had had a great time with her before, and now she just stood me up for her books. But I couldn’t stay mad for long, and after an hour or so, I heated her dinner in the microwave, and brought it to her. She was definitely hungry; she finished her plate in no time, her study book next to it. I did the dishes, and went upstairs to her again.

“Hey sis’, I’m starting the movie, let’s go!” I said.

“Oh.” She didn’t sound as excited as me, deeply engrossed in her math problems. My sister was leaning over her desk, her leg folded under her, wiggling on the office chair and I noticed that she had undid her belt. I was a girl myself, and I knew my sister very well; those were the signs of a college student Chloe who needed to pee. The only thing I though was that it made sense; she had rushed to the study room once we got home, and she had entirely finished the plastic water bottle that I had brought to her.

“Chloe?” I asked again, awaiting a proper response.

“Yeah, um”, she said to me, without looking up, “is it alright if you start the movie without me? I just want to finish this chapter, I’m almost done”, and she flipped two or three pages, and showed me the next chapter. “It will just a minute or ten, and then I’m going to the bathroom, and I’ll join you on the couch.”

“Promise?” - “Promise”

I sighed, but it was pretty clear to me that I wouldn’t be able to get her ass out of the chair. And ten minutes alone on the couch wasn’t the end of the world. I decided to pick a simple movie, so that Hannah wouldn’t have a problem understanding the plot once she joined me. I think you guessed the next bit already; she didn’t come downstairs in ten minutes, or twenty, or thirty minutes for that matter. Soon, I realized that Chloe wouldn’t be joining me tonight; she broke her promise to me. Agitated by her behaviour, I decided to let her study in complete silence. Fine by me.

I was halfway into the movie and in the kitchen to grab a snack, when the silence upstairs came to an abrupt end. I heard a loud thump - something heavy falling over - and then a cannonade of powerful footsteps on the floor - Hannah was running, towards the stairs, and then the noise stopped. I was intrigued what the fuss was all about, but also a little bit angry with my sister for staying me up. She was clearly by consciousness, and she didn’t shout for help, so she wasn’t in real danger anyway; I munched on my chips, muttering to myself that if she didn’t need me, I didn’t to help her out either.

But curiosity killed the cat, and after a good minute, I decided to check up on her; she was my one and only sister after all. I climbed the stairs and immediately noticed that our bedroom door was closed, which we never did by the ‘no-secrets’ policy enforced by our mother. I felt a warm wetness in my right sock once I reached top stair, and looked down; there was a sizable translucent puddle on the floor, darkening the tile joints. Had she...? Wet footsteps all over the way to our bedroom seemed to suggest that Chloe had. Silently, I tiptoed towards the study room, where the office chair was lying on the floor sideways.

Instinctively, I ran my fingers over the seat, and felt wetness, a lot of it, the smell indicating that it was mixture of sweat and pee, but mostly pee. Chloe had leaked - scratch that - she had full-on pissed her pants right here on the chair! I was simply perplexed. An accident, at her age, while the bathroom was unoccupied for the entire evening and just downstairs? I couldn’t almost believe it, but then Chloe emerged from our room, the evidence all over her. She didn’t seem to notice me in the dark room, but I saw her, very clearly, her wet jeans in her hands, still wearing her light grey panties, dark grey around her crotch. Even the front of her t-shirt was wet, indicating how sizable her flood had been when she had wet herself.

After she sneaked downstairs, I walked back towards the kitchen as if nothing had happened; I assumed Hannah didn’t need an humiliating lecture by me - peeing your pants was probably already enough of an embarrassment for a college student. I heard her putting her clothes into the washer, and the sound of a shower running short after. When the movie was nearing it’s end, Hannah finally snuggled up to me, wearing nothing but her pyjamas, and excused herself. I kissed her on the forehead, waiting for her to tell her that she wet herself.

“But until today, she never confessed the study incident to me”.

“Wow,” said David simply. “What a story. And that wasn’t even the only time?”

“It wasn’t the only time. But before I tell you the next story, you will have to fill up your tank. And I will have to empty mine. All that talk about my sister peeing makes me have to go as well. That, and the can of fresh orange juice Chloe made me before we left.”

“Alright, I’ll get of the interstate; gas is cheaper in the stations on the country roads.”

Back home in the former twin’s bedroom, Chloe mindfully wiped the last tears from her face, and shuffled towards her closet, her white socks dragging on the floor. Deep down inside, she just wanted to be happy for her sister; Hannah had found the love of her life, a sweet and thoughtful guy, who would one day make her the loveliest wife in the entire state. Chloe knew that it was the thing her sister wanted the most since her sixteenth, and she had no problem with Hannah moving away; it was just… that she had always envisioned Hannah in a lovely house in their hometown, two blocks away from her. In her imagination, she would find a smart guy eventually and settle down, and her and Hannah both would have children, and they would come together every afternoon to discuss how their perfect lives went.

Needless to say, the news that Hannah and David would move to the other side of the state, had been a real shock to Chloe. Although her slim looks and sweet personality attracted a lot of male attention, she hadn’t met her smart guy yet, and Hannah was still her soulmate, the love in her life. And in a single day, that best friend had moved out to become the family member that would come home from Christmas - Chloe understood her sister’s decision, but had yet to accept it. She decided to leave the house for today to take her mind of things; she took her lab coat and slipped it over her comfortable onesie. She wasn’t in the mood to change, and with her long white coat covering most of her clothing, it wasn’t noticeable to an outsider that she was in her loungewear. Besides, the university was closed anyway, so she would probably be the only one on campus.

“Mom, dad, I’m going to the lab for a while! Don’t wait for me for dinner!”

Not awaiting her parent’s response, Chloe took her bike and left their home by the garage, her yellow winter boots crackling in the snow. White flakes were falling down rapidly, and the visibility was too low to ride her bike, so Chloe went to campus by foot, holding her vehicle right beside her. Maybe she could use it to ride back home once the snow stopped.

###

“Gas is cheaper in stations on the country roads”, Hannah mimicked her boyfriend’s earlier comment, “yeah, that is, if we ever find one of those goddamn stations!”

“Relax, sweetheart, the low fuel light isn’t even on yet. I’m sure we’ll come across one in the next few minutes. I would be more worried about the amount of snow that is falling down; I can’t hardly see the direction signs.”

“Yeah, I’m going to be happy when we arrive at our place.”

“Me too. See, you’re starting to get over leaving Chloe already. I’m sure she feels the same way about you.”

“Mmmh…”

“Speaking of which, you promised me another story about her. It’s been quiet in the car since the radio stopped working because of the snowstorm.”

“Mmmh… alright then.”

Chloe’s dedication to college only got worse over the year. When we had to hand in assignment, we literally had to shove a plate over her books, or she wouldn’t eat. My mother had to impose a night clock upon us, or she would stay up all night, getting the final details of her work right. That worked for a while, but then she started skipping breaks at school to make up for the time she couldn’t work at home. She got applauded by the family for her tremendous work ethic, but I wasn’t sure that her behaviour was really good for her, although she didn’t really seem to suffer.

Chloe was still her cheerful self, but it was the little details that uneased me. She regularly stayed in class until the very last minute, sprinting towards the bus with the books in her hand. On more than one occasion, she admitted to me that she hadn’t gone to the bathroom after lunch, and had to squirm in the her bus seat, before desperately hobbling towards our home. I wasn’t there with her on the toilet off course, but I’m sure that she had a few extremely close calls…

“Were you worried that she would have another incident?” David interrupted.

“Kind of, yeah. It wasn’t a real problem when I was the only one who knew about it, but what if something happened in public? She shrugged it off when I confronted her; she wasn’t taking it seriously. After a few of her little shows, I decided to keep an eye out for her.”

Every week on thursday, we had a two-hour physics lecture in the largest college auditorium, and the professor was notorious for criticizing anyone who entered the class late. Only two minutes before the class would start, I was getting impatient; I hadn’t seen Chloe during lunch, and there was still no sign of her. As some of the last students passed me through the auditorium door, I checked my phone to see if I hadn’t gotten a text from her, but I hadn’t. The last text she sent me was to announce that she wouldn’t come to the lunchroom; she would stay at the lab to perform some experiments with the chemistry professor, and meet me outside the auditorium.

The one minute mark before the lecture started went by, and I knew that I had to I had no other choice to attend class without Chloe. I hesitated for another few good seconds; a part of me felt that she would still arrive, although all the other students were already inside. She was purposeful, and missed some things, but she had never missed a class. No - that wasn’t the type of thing Chloe would do. With twenty seconds on the clock, I pushed the door and stepped inside the auditorium; I loved my sister, but I wasn’t going to undergo a public beating just because she decided to be late.

“Hannah, wait for me!”

That was Chloe’s voice, and I had to squint my eyes to notice her in the back of the hall, running towards the auditorium, still wearing her lab coat. I firmly pushed the door open for her, and spotted two seats in the back on the third row on the right; I would just make it in time, but Chloe did not have a single second to spare. She dropped her books on the table next to me, and I noticed the professor genially staring at his wristwatch, ready to call my sister out in front of the entire auditorium for being late. But she wasn’t, as she plopped herself down in the seat just when the second hand on the clock passed the minute mark. Seamlessly, the professor started his lecture without a whim.

“Where were you?” I whispered, piqued by her late appearance.

“I came straight from the chemistry lab. I must have forgotten all about time - the next time I’ll set my alarm, I promise. I didn’t even have the time to grab lunch from the cafeteria...”

Thankfully for her, I had already figured that one out, so I had brought her a banana and a water bottle from the lunchroom. She thanked me and quickly consumed her poor man’s meal, while she started working on her physics notes. I sighed; sometimes, I really had to take care of her, as if I was her mother instead of her sister.

“Let me guess - she hadn’t visited the bathroom during lunchtime either?” said David, cutting Hannah off again; he seemed more interested in the story than in finding a petrol station - and a bathroom for his girlfriend.

Yeah, and it didn’t take me long to figure that one out either. I could tell that she tried to hide it from me, but I knew her since the day we were born, and something was up. Since the lecture started, Chloe had her legs firmly crossed, her upper body leaning unusually far over the small table; from around twenty minutes in, she started shifting around in her seat, her leg bobbing down as if she had a nervous habit. But for me, it was the telltale sign that she needed to pee.

As the half-time break neared, her movements rapidly became more obvious, her need probably not improved by the water bottle that I had brought her, which was now more than half empty. The quality of her handwriting was deteriorating, and the number of notes that she was taking diminishing. She bit her lip, rocking on her chair, the wood silently making a cracking noise when she applied force on the seat. Persistently, she tried to keep up with her note taking, probably hoping that physics would make her take her mind of things.

I sat beside her and peered at the clock, praying that the lecturer wouldn’t ramble on and postpone the break, as Chloe seemed to be getting really desperate. She hadn’t held shoved her hand between her legs yet, but it was in position to do so. I don’t know for how longer she could last, and as she had proved, her bladder had limits. Thankfully, she didn’t have to test them that day, as the professor announced a five minute recess. Chloe jumped up immediately, legs knotted tightly together, ready to rush off towards the ladies’. At least, that was what I assumed. Instead, she grabbed one her notes from the table, and turned herself towards me.

“I’m going to ask the professor a question about what he meant there, are you coming too?”

Oh no. Chloe was doing her single-minded thing again. I didn’t mind that she had a ritual of asking professors all kinds of questions during recesses; her love of detail was the reason why she was one of the best students of our class. But what I couldn’t possibly understand is why she couldn’t drop it, just for once, since she clearly had to pee so bad. It was the sensible thing to do for anyone, but not her. She wanted the answer to her question, no matter what. I decided to intervene.

“Yeah, how about we do that in a minute,” I told her, “but I need to use the bathroom, do you want to come with me first? You know I hate going alone.”

“That last part is somewhat of a lie,” Hannah said to David. ”I don’t mind using the ladies’ all by myself, but it was something that I had made my sister believe in. I had found that Chloe refused to go when I straight up commanded her, but she would more than often come with me if I visited the bathroom myself.”

“Clever.” David laughed.

So I walked up the stairs to order to add force to my request, but much to my surprise, Chloe didn’t come with me, and she said:“Actually, I kind of need to go as well” - understatement of the year, I thought to myself - “but I really am going to ask this question first. It should be quick, and then we’ll go together? I’ll be back in a second.”

And off she went. Unfortunately for my sister, two other A-students swooped in and captured the professor’s attention before she could get to him. From in my seat, I saw Chloe nervously glancing to the waiting college girl before her, and then to the auditorium door, her foot tapping on the floor. I could only assume that she was overthinking her little plan, but then the first student took off, and Chloe was now first in line. It would be her turn soon.

But Chloe would learn about the relativity of the word soon, as even from where I was sitting, I could tell that it wasn’t soon enough for her. She briefly started pee dancing on the spot by crossing and uncrossing her legs, her arms folded over each other to withstand the temptation of pressing a hand on her crotch, and then stood still again, but not for long. As it turned out, the question that the girl before her had was not such a simple one, and the professor took his sweet time with the student.

He glanced at his watch, and then signaled my sister to come over. Chloe, clearly having trouble standing still, leaned over his desk, her ass swaying back and forth, like a cat waiting to attack its target. Her question seemed to be resolved as quickly as she told me, but a part of me wondered whether she Chloe was really satisfied with the answer, or that she left because she simply couldn’t compose her any longer. The way she gave her crotch a quick squeeze walking towards me seemed to indicate the latter. I moved over towards the aisle, instructing Chloe to come with me.

“Continuing with our last subject…” The professor raised his voice, and then roaring in the auditorium slowly diminished towards a small buzz. I glanced at my clock, and then at the distressed look in the eyes of my sister; the lecture had started again before we had gone to the bathroom. I shrugged and stood up anyway; I had promised Chloe that I would go with her. But as always, my purposeful sister had other plans.

“I suppose we will have to hold it a little longer,” Chloe nervously whispered to me, as she took place in her seat again, blocking my way out. I stood there, perplexed. Alright, she did not want to draw any attention to her - I got that - but she couldn’t possibly mean it, right? I mean, she was truly bursting, clearly holding it for another period wasn’t an option?

“Look, I have to go, let’s be qui-”

“Do you care if I start the lecture, miss?” The auditorium laughed, and I turned myself to the front of the class, noticing that every student was sitting in his seat again, and the professor looking at me. Fuck. I really wanted to help my sister out, but I wasn’t willing to make a scene in a full auditorium. I nodded and sat down in silence, looking over to Chloe. She was holding herself. Fifty more minutes to go.

“I’m sorry about the bathroom, Hannah. Do you think you can wait until the end of the lecture?” she whispered to me, shifting in her seat, making me feel that the question she asked me was actually one for herself.

“Let’s hope so. Can you?”

Chloe lowered her eyes, and forced a painful grimace on her face. “Let’s hope so. The break was short; maybe the professor will do another recess in between chapters, hopefully - I mean, maybe - sooner, and if not, then I’ll just have to… hold… it...”

I tried to be sympathetic with Chloe, but she was just overly optimistic; in all of his previous lectures, the professor had never granted us a second break. If she wanted to wait, she would have to do it for another forty-nine minutes, and I wasn’t sure that she would be able manage that. I wasn’t even sure that she could hold on for another ten minutes.

As the clock indicated a little later, Chloe even did fifteen. Thirty-four minutes to go, and my sister was on the very edge. Her left hand was glued to her crotch, her tense fingers pressing against the seam of her jeans, her butt constantly shifting in her seat. Thankfully no-one was sitting in the seats behind us, and for the moment, I seemed to be the only one paying attention to the show Chloe was putting on. Acting like nothing was wrong with her, she tried to make notes, but the maximum her trembling hand could manage was an illegible line or three, before jamming itself between her legs together with the other hand, dropping her pen on the table. Thirty-three minutes and thirty seconds left; there was simply no way that Chloe could hold it until the end of the lecture, but I knew my sister. Once she was resolved to do something, she would continue attempting to do it, even it was against her own better judgement. I had to intervene, if not this could only end in disaster.

“Fuck. I really have to go to the bathroom, Chloe”, I whispered, and shoved my hands between my legs to add force to my argument. “I don’t know about you, but I’m going now. Come on, move over.”

“Just… just… a few more minutes… I’m sure the next break is soon…”

I didn’t know whether she was talking to me, or to her poor own bladder muscles, but she was fooling one of us nonetheless. No matter how hard I wanted that break too, it just wasn’t going to happen; the professor had just started a new chapter, explaining a three page formula to us. In the most optimistic realistic case, he would end the lecture five to ten minutes earlier, but even that moment was still twenty-five minutes away. Chloe’s plan made no sense at all, but then it occurred to me that maybe she was so frantic that she had lost all notion of time; no matter how smart she was, her brain would only be able to take so many impulses.

She started twisting and turning, sitting sideways in her seat, her quivering buttocks facing me, and her shameless crotch-grabbing now visible to the three students in the next row on the left of us. Thankfully, they were carefully paying attention to the professor’s lecture… well, until Chloe’s right leg spasmed and banged it’s knee loudly against the table. She was helplessly losing control over her own body, and all I could do was watch her and hope for some miracle, before she would lose control over her brimming bladder too.

Then, the lecture got interrupted by a sudden beaming sound, shrilling through the speakers of the auditorium, one hanging next to the row that me and Chloe were sitting in. Fire alarm. Nothing happened at first, but a second later the professor cut his lesson, and the first students stood up. I glanced at my sister and smiled; her wonder break was happening, and during all the confusion, nobody would notice her strange behaviour either - her guardian angel was on point that day.

“Lucky girl,” David agreed on a more serious tone.

That’s what I thought too, and I rose from my seat, while the back row students were the first ones leaving the auditorium. The bathroom was just across the hall, and with the fire alarm urging the pack of students out of the building, the stalls would be dead empty too - surely even Chloe would realize that, even in her desperate state. But much to my surprise, she stayed in her seat, leaning forward, hands jammed in between her legs, making no intention to rush off to the toilet she so badly needed.

I gave her thigh a little sympathetic push with my knee, but she did not budge - in fact, she did not move around at all anymore. No more squirming in her seat, no more tapping her foot up and down, no more bouncing her knee around. And then she looked up to me with those big hazel eyes, a forced smile on her face, subtly feigning carelessness. Instinctively, I looked down, as in one moment of inspiration, it occurred to me why Chloe didn’t make a run for it. It had been a while since I had seen that particular look on her face, but I clearly remembered it from when we were younger; faking innocence was her childhood bluff tactic for when she was confronted with misconduct. I could only imagine that she had leaked, or worse.

Her dry jeans seemed to indicate the former, but I couldn’t be sure, since both of her hands blocked out the area around her crotch, but as it turned out, she wasn’t holding back any longer - at all. A dark blue wave appeared on both of her thighs, and the wetness spread rapidly downward her knees. It was like a water balloon had exploded from between her legs, piss streaming out of her with a tremendous force as if the tighter passage between her bladder and her pee hole wasn’t even there. Chloe looked up towards the students leaving the auditorium, and then stood up herself, splashes of wetness dripping everywhere, especially from under her lab coat, which simply acted like a water slide for the puddle she had made in her jeans. The piece of clothing, however, saved most of her appearance, as the white front flaps fell down to her knees, leaving only the dark blue lines on the inside of her lower legs visible to the outside world.

I packed the books on her desk as Chloe shuffled forward into the pack of students queuing in the aisle - I figured that my sister would prefer to avoid a return to the mess she had made in her seat, and so did I. When I turned around to follow her to the designated evacuation area, she had disappeared, and I couldn’t find her outside either. I searched for her in the bathrooms, the gym dressing rooms, the bus stop, but she was nowhere to be found - until it hit me.

The chemistry lab. That’s where I found her, standing in her socks and released from her soaked jeans - I knocked on the door and placed her books on the table by the door. She didn’t look up for even a second, and the passive-aggressive conversation that followed went along these lines:

“Hey - I brought your books - Are you ok?”

“Yeah, I mean, this formula was really bothering me, but I think I found the mistake in the simplification my professor made, and…”

“Chloe, stop. That’s not what I meant, and you know it.”

“You don’t?”

“Look, I know you always shrug it off, but if we can just talk about it, then...”

“Can’t we do this at home? I’d love to help you out with your problem, but I’m in the middle of my experiment and...”

“My problem? You pissed your pants in the middle of the auditorium!”

“Oh, that.”

“Yeah, that.”

“What do you want me to say? Yeah, I had one weak moment when the alarm suddenly surprised me, and I leaked some in my panties, but I’m sure it will dry out before we get home - no-one will ever know.”

“Chloe, don’t lie to me, or don’t lie to yourself, you know what happened.”

“Yeah, I just told you. So can you stop bothering me so I can continue my experiment?”

“And that was that.”

“Wow.”

THE END

A few last words:

I wrote this story after satyr’s post in the thread “Let’s Trade Stories

!”, where he said, and I quote: "My favorite scenario is any variation of: girl teases others for always having to pee / having an accident / etc and never imagines it can happen to them, until it does, to humiliating effect.

"

Off course, since I haven’t actually finished the story, I didn’t fulfill satyr’s request at all, but you can imagine where this story would have headed, if I would have completed it.

By the way, I’m not fishing for comments to encourage me. I swear, I’m never going to finish this story. Never. Your own imagination will have to make up the rest.

*003*2017-08-13 19:49

Thanks for the comments! I'm not going to lie - the reason I posted my unfinished story anyway was for your possible entertainment, so I'm glad that you all liked it.

