The Very Desperate Date - City Without a Ladies Room - Page 2

Author: FullBladder85

*000*2024-12-29 16:03

{{On 12/24/2024 at 2:19 AM, FullBladder85 said:

I'm sorry for the four and a half year hiatus on this story everyone, I know that I haven't been writing much of anything for years now. Changes in my career a few years ago ended up taking up all the free time I would have previously spent writing, and then when I got that free time back it was a lot harder to get back into writing omo stories then I thought.

But on the bright side I've finally managed to complete the next part of this story. It's over 3,400 words long, which is longer than both the two previous parts combined, and it concludes the story of our two main character's very desperate date. Hopefully this is well worth the wait for everyone. 🙂

=====

City Without a Ladies Room - The Very Desperate Date - Part #3

Loren had clearly built up a very strong bladder over all her years of living in a city without a ladies room. She was obviously quite confident in her iron bladder control given her willingness earlier in the day to pass up a badly needed afterwork pee just for me. She could have gone home and peed over 4 and a half hours ago by this point. But instead with a swollen bladder no doubt ready to burst she had willingly held it, and gone out to dinner and the movies with me. But despite her confidence, I knew that even Loren's poor throbbing bladder had its limits, and Loren looked like she was on the verge of having a major accident.

Loren had her legs twisted around like a pretzel; both her hands were firmly jammed into her crotch as she squirmed around frantically in her seat. She looked like a desperate little girl who was probably on the verge of involuntarily breaking the city's strict anti-female public urination laws by drenching her too-tight skinny jeans with 16 and a half hours' worth of boiling hot piss.

Loren's empty 42 ounce (1,242 ml) cup of soda sat to the side. It was the only possible emergency option she had for immediate relief that didn't involve pissing all over the floor or just straight up pissing her pants. But tempting as the option might have been for Loren in her desperate state, I knew she would never do it. Public urination of any kind was illegal for women in the city without a ladies room, and Loren knew the penalties for it were often quite severe. So instead I settled for picturing the mental image of Loren hurriedly ripping her too-tight skinny jeans and panties down to her knees in the still darkened theater. She scoots forward to the edge of her seat. She barely has time to position her empty cup properly before a gushing torrent of dark yellow urine erupts from her bladder in my imagination. I'm sure Loren could have easily filled her empty 42 ounce cup to the brim several times over at this point if she were willing to try in the real world.

But of course we were still out in public on a date, and even though the movie had just ended I certainly didn't want to let Loren go home to pee just yet. While I knew there was a serious chance that Loren would end up peeing her pants if she didn't get to a toilet soon, I didn't care. Loren was a proper lady, and she knew there were no ladies rooms in the entire city. So she knew that she had to keep toughing it out and hold it, even if it was an emergency.

Fortunately for me Loren didn't just have to 'tough it out' when she was out in public with a bursting bladder. The rules also applied in my apartment if I didn't want to let her pee, and I certainly didn't. So I leaned over to Loren, and asked her if she cared to come home to share one last drink with me before we called it a night. I'm sure Loren knew full well that it was very unlikely I'd let her pee at my apartment, especially with her own toilet so close nearby. But Loren was still a proper young lady who dutifully followed the city's etiquette, so she politely nodded in agreement, even as she squirmed around frantically in her seat while grinding her thighs tightly together.

Loren's poor bladder was so painfully overstretched that she could barely walk in her too-tight skinny jeans and high heels, so needless to say the walk back home to our apartment complex was a nightmare for Loren in her very desperate state. It was close to midnight by the time we finally stepped inside the lobby elevator. With her throbbing little pee hole no doubt quivering in exhaustion after being clenched shut for 17 long hours since her last trip to the toilet, I'm sure Loren was extremely tempted to smash the button for her upper floor apartment, and make a mad dash for her toilet as fast as her high heels would let her. But instead she stood off to the side, grinding her thighs together frantically with both her hands shoved deep into her crotch as she waited for the elevator to reach my floor.

As soon as we stepped inside my apartment Loren looked at me expectantly, no doubt hoping in vain that I might be sympathetic enough to allow her to pee, but of course I shook my head.

"I appreciate you being a proper lady for me and holding an already very full bladder from work through dinner and a long movie without complaint. I know you've needed to pee really frigging bad for a while now, but I'm sure that a proper young lady like you can cross her legs and hold her bursting piss-filled bladder for quite a while longer" I told her. Loren nods meekly in acknowledgement as if it's not a big deal if she has to keep holding it in for many hours longer, but her distressed body language clearly says otherwise. She bites her lips anxiously as her eyes glance wistfully at my toilet through the open bathroom door. She looks to be on the verge of peeing her pants, but like a proper lady she still politely refrains from making a mad dash for my toilet.

"It's ok Lee, I know you're thrilled that I've had to hold my pee in for over 17 hours. And I know that the heavier all that boiling hot pee swelling my poor aching bladder gets the more eager you are to make me keep holding my pee in for even longer" she reassured me, all while she bends her knees and grinds her thighs tightly together in a sexy pee dance. Though Loren tried to sound indifferent about it, I could tell by the excitement in her eyes, and the smile on her lips, that she was getting just as turned on by her own desperate situation as I was. She had probably been hoping that I would deny her a much needed pee!

"I'm glad we have an understanding then. Did you at least hope that I might let you pee though?" I asked curiously.

"I did have my hopes up a little bit, that because it's an emergency you might be willing to let me pee, but I can't blame you for not wanting to let me pee in your toilet. I don't like letting girls use my toilet either. I'm a germaphobe, so girls sharing toilet seats just sounds really dirty to me. I don't even let my girlfriends pee in my toilet when they stay the night, not even when they wake up in the morning with a very full 24 hour bladder, of course my girlfriends expect me to follow the same rules when I visit them" she admits sheepishly. "That said, if you change your mind later I'll gladly let you watch me release all that pent up pee in either your bathroom or mine, I'd like to do that very much". I don't think I'd have to tell you that I had a raging boner at this point.

With Loren cruelly denied some much needed relief, all while her poor quivering little pee hole, already exhausted and under a great deal of strain, was about to feel the pressure increase farther as more liquid was added to her heavy load of pent up piss, I led her to my kitchen.

I offer Loren a seat, which she hurriedly takes as she double crosses her legs, eager for anything that will take even a tiny bit of pressure off her bloated bladder. I ask her what kind of drink she'd prefer, to which she says anything non-alcoholic, all while she frantically jams both her fists into her crotch. The mere thought of drinking something else seemed to be making Loren need to pee even more urgently than she already did. I decide to go with non-alcoholic beer, and obviously I grab the largest single serving beer container I had, which happened to be a large 20 ounce can. For folks on the metric system that's nearly 600 ML! Loren's eyes went wide with shock when I placed the already opened can in front of her.

"Ohmigod that's so much beer, and I'm already really struggling to hold it after drinking that huge soda at the movies! Lee are you trying to make me pee my pants?" she asked, she sounded genuinely nervous for the first time tonight.

"If you feel that you really can't hold it in anymore then tell me, and I'll let you pee" I reassured her. "But I'd hope that a young lady like you who's only in her mid-twenties can at least hold her pee in for a few more hours than that. I know that you've been drinking a lot of fluids all day and so now it's an emergency. But city regulations say that even with an excessive amount of fluid intake healthy women your age ought to be able to hold their pee in for at least 24 hours. And you aren't even three quarters of the way there yet" I said, hoping to encourage her. Loren bites her lips anxiously as she glances at the large can of beer, but knowing what's expected of her as a proper lady, she nods sullenly as she raises the drink to her lips and takes a small sip.

The next hour flew by fast for me, but I'm sure it felt painfully slow for Loren in her very desperate state. Loren alternated from seeming to be very close to throwing in the towel and making a mad dash to my toilet, to looking determined to keep on holding it for hours longer. Much as I would have loved to drag the situation out even longer until Loren genuinely couldn't hold it any longer, it was already 1 AM, we were both getting really tired, and we both had to work tomorrow. Plus I knew that Loren's stubborn womanly pride wouldn't allow her to concede defeat. So I decided that it was long past time to bring this night to a close.

So I stood up and offered Loren a hand as I said, "Come on Loren, I think it's time we bring this evening to its conclusion". Loren, still in her too-tight skinny jeans and high heels, was so desperate to pee that she could only manage small baby steps as I led her into my bathroom. Her gaze shifted warily between me and my toilet, which must have looked glorious in her extremely desperate state.

I half expected Loren to rip her too-tight skinny jeans down to her knees, slam my toilet seat down, and hurriedly plop herself down on the seat without a second thought. But Loren was still a proper lady, so even when she was on the verge of peeing her pants right in front of my toilet she still refrained from giving herself some very badly needed relief. Afterall I may have told her earlier that I'd let her pee if she really couldn't hold it anymore, but I hadn't actually given her permission to pee yet. So she looked at me warily, hoping that I would finally grant her permission to pee. But of course she knew full well that I'd be very reluctant to let her pee when I loved making her hold it for as long as possible.

I know it was evil of me, but I stood there in silence staring at Loren, without giving her so much as a nod or other gesture that it was ok for her to pee. I wanted to see what she would do in her state of extreme desperation with the toilet just 2 feet away, but no explicit permission, or denial of permission, for her to use it. I should probably note, there's no laws in the City against women peeing in someone else's toilet without their permission, it's just very heavily frowned upon because most people consider it extremely rude for women to use someone else's toilet without their permission. Hence the only thing making Loren keep holding so much pee in her painfully overstretched bladder for so very long was her own social inhibitions.

Almost 30 seconds stretched out with us just staring at each other before Loren finally spoke up. "Well? Are you giving me permission to pee then or not Lee?" she asked, the impatience obvious in her voice. She knew full well that I was testing her to see if she'd pee without my permission or not. "I won't hold it against you if you don't want me to pee in your toilet" she assured me, "but I can't deny that I'd be really grateful if you did let me pee. My throbbing little pee hole is just burning in exhaustion after holding all that pent up piss back for over 18 hours".

I know that what I'm about to do next is probably the cruelest thing I could do in Loren's mind, but with Loren on the verge of peeing her pants right in front of me I couldn't resist. I'd been needing a good piss ever since the movie ended, and the beer I had drank with Loren was getting very insistent that I do something about it. So I stepped towards the toilet, and told Loren "I've been holding it since the movie ended and I've gotta pee pretty bad after that beer, so I'm going to pee. I know that you need to pee really bad, and you've been waiting to go for a lot longer than me, but be a lady and hold it just a little longer, you can pee as soon as I finish".

Loren squeals in a mix of both delight and distress as she watches me approach the toilet, whip my cock out, and start peeing, all while her own throbbing little pee hole trembled in jealousy and agony at the sight of my relief. But Loren didn't shy away from the sight of my peeing cock, if anything she stared excitedly at it, and I certainly didn't mind. I stared right back at Loren as she held herself with both hands, crossed her legs, and bounced around from foot to foot in a frantic pee dance as she waited for me to finish.

The loud splattering sound of my urine landing in the toilet bowl had to be wreaking havoc on Loren's poor heavily overstretched bladder. Part of me fully expected to see the fabric of Loren's too-tight skinny jeans start darkening noticeably as a trail of piss traveled down her legs and began forming a puddle underneath her feet. But to Loren's credit she managed to hang in there for over 60 agonizingly long seconds, until my bladder finally ran out of urine to expel. Finally I stepped aside and announced "Ok, your turn to pee Loren".

"Ohmigod finally! I've been holding it for so frigging long!" Loren squealed in delight. Loren wasted no time approaching my toilet and slamming the seat down as she fumbled with her too-tight skinny jeans, hurrying to undo their buttons. I watched her struggle with the zipper for a few seconds, but it didn't seem to want to budge. For a split second I imagined Loren looking up at me, pleading for me to help free her from her too tight skinny jeans. But I shake my head and tell her that if she can't undo her jeans then she'll have to keep holding it.

I'm snapped back to reality when Loren finally manages to get her zipper unjammed after a few more seconds. She yanks her still dry skinny jeans & panties down in a hurry and moans in relief. I can see a red outline around the middle of her heavily swollen bladder bulge, showing exactly where her too-tight skinny jeans had been pressing something awful into her poor bladder. "This is going to feel so frigging good" she mutters as she sits down on the toilet seat, and allows the aching muscles in her throbbing little pee hole to finally relax for the first time in 18 long hours. A powerful golden stream of piss immediately erupts from her pussy lips and rushes into the toilet like a waterfall of urine. A look of pure and utter bliss spread across Loren's face. It takes over 4 minutes for Loren's absolute torrent of piss to die down to just a few dribbles, after which she thanked me profusely for allowing her to pee in my toilet.

"I should be thanking you Loren. It's easy to be polite and hold your pee when your bladder is only modestly full. But not many ladies in our toiletless city will choose to continue holding her pee in after her bladder has grown heavy and swollen with over 12 hours of unreleased pee. And yet that's exactly what you did at the start of our date, and with a pair of too-tight skinny jeans on no less, which clearly weren't meant to accommodate a steadily swelling bladder bulge. I thought for sure that you would at least ask if you could run home and pee before we went out to dinner, since I knew that you'd really have to pee bad after an 11 hour shift at work.

But instead you were polite and didn't even try to ask for a chance to pee! I knew you were dying to piss throughout dinner, you couldn't stop fidgeting in your seat, and you only got more restless as you drained that large glass of soda. But by skipping your chance to pee before dinner you had already missed your only chance to pee before the movie! So now you had no choice but to hold an already really full bladder through a really long movie! So you walked straight from dinner to the movies with the fullest bladder ever, only to have to politely stand there and wait while I peed in the urinal right in front of you! It had to feel so unfair to you that I got to pee, and you didn't!" I pointed out as she grabbed a wad of toilet paper and finished up before flushing.

"Oh I didn't mind you peeing in the urinal at all Lee, I actually kind of enjoyed it specifically because I needed to pee so badly but couldn't, which made it so frigging hot" Loren assures me as she stood up. "These things though," she says pointing to her skinny jeans as she pulls them back up, "I definitely did mind. They're quite comfy at the start of the day with an empty bladder, but the fuller my bladder gets the worse it presses into it until it's just unbearable. They made it SOOO much harder to hold it through that really long movie. I was honestly getting a bit worried towards the end of the film that all that unrelenting pressure it was applying right up against my poor bulging bladder was gonna make me pee my pants before I got home".

"Then why do you wear them?" I asked as Loren went to wash her hands. "Being a girl is tough enough in our toiletless city, there's no need to make it even harder on yourself".

"I know Lee, but I'm one of those girls who's just really competitive about having the biggest bladder in the city. And I like holding it probably as much as you liked watching me hold it" she added with a big grin. "I don't wear them all the time, but skinny jeans are a great training tool specifically because of how much harder they make it to hold a really full bladder".

Loren finished up in the bathroom and I soon walked her back to her apartment. "Thanks for the great evening Loren, I really enjoyed our date tonight. I'd love it if we could get together again sometime" I said.

Loren smiles back. "It was pretty fun, and I was thinking the same thing Lee. Maybe we can get together next weekend? I'll wear looser clothing around my waist so that you can see just how much longer I can hold it for" she suggested. I grinned eagerly and agreed to spend the weekend with her.

}}

This chapter is just fantastic🤩 Thank you so much for continuing this story

*007*2025-01-02 05:14

{{On 12/26/2024 at 3:47 PM, JK_Mil said:

I hope a girl in this city will lose control one day...

}}

I did explore a few possible endings for this story, with that being one of them where Loren pees her pants at Lee's apartment. But the reason I went with this one was that I just couldn't get the other endings to work in a satisfying way. Writing a good ending is way harder IMO then writing a good beginning.

{{On 12/29/2024 at 12:57 AM, Rexone_312 said:

It was definitely worth the wait! Thank you so so much for writing this. Loren is truly a bladder champion. Awesome story!

}}

I'm glad that you enjoyed it. 🙂 Always good to hear from a long time fan like you.

{{On 12/29/2024 at 8:39 PM, KelsieAtUniv said:

I'd LOVE to be taken on a date where there are no ladies' rooms by a guy who gets off to seeing me hold 🥰 you have no idea how turned on that would make me

}}

Glad you enjoyed the story. Your attitude towards the subject is just the kind that I usually like for the women to have in my stories, since the stories usually tend to work better when the women enjoy holding it in.

{{22 minutes ago, HoldingPrinces said:

A fantastic story from you as always. Enjoyed it so much imagining myself in Loren's situation. Can't wait to see what happens in the weekend.

}}

Unfortunately I can't say for sure that I'll ever continue the story of Loren. However I have a few ideas for other stories set in this same kind of a city that I'm considering writing though. Some are from interesting ideas posted in this and the prior City Without a Ladies Room thread by other people, and I've had some ideas of my own overtime. For some of the ideas I just have a rough outline of what the plot could be, for two or three others I have a page or two I wrote a while ago that I'm thinking of continuing and making into a full story, but none are anywhere close to being ready to post unfortunately.

