Might Is Merit: A Rivenwelle Tale

Author: Foxlover

*014*2021-07-30 00:38

At long last.

Chapter 6: The Match

Morning.

The birds had just begun to sing their dawn song, gently rousing the rest of the forest from its slumber...The sun had just barely begun to peak over the horizon, banishing the shadows of the night away.

Melina had awoken hours ago, but nerves and her racing mind had prevented her from going back to sleep. All she could think about was the match; not just winning and getting home, but making sure her and Orla’s part in fixing it wouldn’t be discovered. She kept reminding herself that there was no way she’d be found out; arrogant as the orcs were, they’d never suspect such trickery. The thought helped her relax, but only just. Any moment now, someone would be by to escort her to the pitch… best get ready.

She pushed herself up, running a hand through her tousled blonde hair as she swung her legs over the side of the bed. She pulled on a pair of loose drawstring cotton trousers and a simple linen tunic...Orla had told her to make sure she wore clothes that weren’t restrictive so that they wouldn’t dig into a soon-to-be-swollen bladder.

Orla was already in the hut kitchenette when Melina entered, sipping something warm and sweet-smelling from a cup. She looked up as she heard Melina’s footsteps.

“...Morning…” she murmured softly, a faint blush on her viridescent cheeks.

“Good morning…” Melina responded quietly, a bit red in the face herself as the unspoken silence of their kiss from last night hung in the air.

Orla was the first to break it, gently clearing her throat. “So...how did you sleep?”

Melina let out a gentle sigh, striding forward and sitting in the chair opposite Orla. “Well enough, I guess...been up for a while, though.”

Orla nodded. “I understand. It’s a big day.”

Never before had Melina heard such an understatement. Blowing air out of her cheeks, the young alchemist stared at the table. “Orla...when this is all over...would you, erm… wanna visit me? Or, my town?” She corrected herself quickly, her cheeks coloring again.

The young orc looked equally flustered, but her lips curled into a gentle smile. “You think your human friends wouldn’t mind an orc hanging around?”

Melina waved away the concern. “Oh, the lot I run with are an accepting bunch, ‘sides, they’ll wanna meet the girl who helped me get home...I can introduce you to Maester Arwen and Fergus and Liam and Hanna...and Pris…” She murmured, smiling gently. “Pris’ll love you…”

Orla chuckled. “Well, then, I’d love to. Maybe I can even come with you when the Chief has her guard escort you, eh?”

Melina chuckled as well, feeling a lot more at ease now than before.

Just then, there was a knock at the door. Both Melina and Orla turned to it, their smiles fading immediately. Melina took a deep breath. “Guess that’s for me...” She murmured, looking at Orla, who nodded in assent.

Melina got up and strode over to the door, opening it to reveal none other than Khamina.

Melina blinked in surprise. “...Captain?” She murmured, clearly not expecting a Captain of the Guard to be her escort to the pitch.

“Hey, humie…” Khamina murmured, looking down at Melina. “‘S’time. C’mon, we’re waitin’ at the pitch.”

Melina nodded, taking another deep breath as Orla stood up, preparing herself to leave as well. “Alright… Let’s go.”

~

Melina had taken the walk to the pitch many times before, but it felt...different this time, like she was walking towards her own execution. Cursing her dramatic mind, Melina hurried forward to keep pace with Khamina. The orc captain was quiet, more serious than Melina had ever seen her...and it might’ve been Melina’s imagination, but her gait looked somewhat stiff, lacking its usual confident swagger

Before she could dwell too long on this, they’d reached the pitch. The entirety of the camp was gathered all around it, all awaiting her arrival. The sea of green tusken faces turned to look at Melina as she approached, all looking just as dead serious as Khamina had… it was odd, she’d never seen the orcs this uptight. A nasty thought prickled at the back of her mind...had they discovered her subterfuge? Was she going to be punished? The thought made the girl swallow with fear, but she kept a purposeful stride; no sense giving anything away till she knew for certain.

As they stepped onto the dirt and the crowd parted, Melina saw two figures. One was Chief Urza herself, garbed in an intricately-patterned long tunic and skirt to hide her...appendage. As Melina approached, she could see the front of the Chief’s skirts jump a bit… clearly the orc woman wasn’t able to hide her newly-kindled desire for the young alchemist. Standing across from the Chieftain was a slightly smaller woman, her jade skin gleaming in the morning glow. She was dressed more conservatively than most of the other orcs, wearing a draped cloak over a midriff-bearing tunic and long skirt. With all the beaded necklaces and arm-bands, It almost looked like what may have passed for shaman’s garb, though still quite a bit more exposed skin than you’d normally see on someone in that practice… Melina recognized her as Talgryn, the Orc Camp’s medic. In her hands, she clutched two large gourds of ale; one for each of them, and beside her were three full casks of ale.

Melina approached the Chief, bending over in a bit of a bow. “Good morning, Chief Urza…” She murmured in deference to the woman. Straightening up, Melina swept her flaxen hair out of her eyes, turning to Talgryn.

“Melina Maðurdottir…” Talgryn began, drawing the eyes of the crowd. “You have chosen to enter into a battle of fortitude with Chieftain Urza. The stakes; immediate freedom against eternal servitude.”

She lifted the gourds up. “Now, you will take your final relief until the end of the match.”

Melina blinked, looking round at the assembled orcs. Was she supposed to… pee in front of them?

After a moment’s hesitation, Melina steeled herself. No turning back now. Setting her jaw, she pulled down her trousers to just under her pale arese, angling her hips forward and letting go her bladder, spraying the dirt with what would normally be a respectable couple minutes worth of piss, had the Chief Urza not almost quadrupled that time last night. The Chieftain smirked as Melina continued to pee, but unbeknownst to them, the faces of everyone in the crowd tightened at the sight of the golden stream pouring fourth… there were even a few wiggles here and there.

Melina finished up and tucked herself back away, looking at Talgryn expectantly, who nodded. “The Chief has elected to forgo the customary pre-match relief, wishing to give our young challenger a fighting chance.” She announced before handing a gourd to each of them. “Drink, and officially enter the challenge. The next time you piss, it will be either in victory or defeat.”

Melina and Urza didn’t take their eyes off one another as they raised the gourds to their lips. They kept eye contact as they began to drink, not stopping even after they’d both drained the contents of their gourds.

Talgryn took the gourds back, setting them down and raising her arms. “The challenge has begun! Ghora, Ognild!” She barked, and the two orc women stepped forward, looking just as morose as everyone else...though in their faces was a tightness, almost a discomfort, that Melina couldn’t place.

Talgryn turned back to Melina. “These two will serve as each of your companions through the match, to make sure you do not seek relief out of the context of the match. Whomever leaks first will be awarded a penalty, and the first to pee for more than five seconds loses the match. You have until sundown to drink as much as you can, at which time you will return to the pitch. Go forth and drink.”

Immediately, Urza picked up the cask nearest to her, pulling off the wooden top and tipping the whole thing back into her mouth. From what Melina could see, there was already a slight but noticeable bulge in her abdomen...clearly the lumencap had done its work. Within moments, the Chief had drained the whole thing, tossing it aside and licking her lips as she grinned at Melina. Rather than be intimidated, Melina let the sight direct her idle fantasies… she drooled a little imagining Urza’s rippling muscles straining as she held back an ocean’s worth of piss… Melina inhaled sharply, feeling her nipples hardening under her tunic.

Smirking, the Chief plucked up her other two casks and carried them, one under each arm, back towards her quarters. Ognild quickly followed after her, her steps just as stiff and metered as Khamina. Curious as that was, Melina couldn’t really dwell on it; she had three whole casks of ale to fit inside her somehow.

Swallowing, she looked round at Orla, who stepped forward. “Let’s get to the mess hall...I think there are some clean cups you can use.” She murmured, looking over at Ghora and gesturing for her to follow.

~

By midday, Melina found herself the topic of conversation at just about every corner of the camp. Word had quickly gotten around about the match, and everywhere she went she was greeted by more whispers than ever before.

She didn’t pay too much attention, though, focused as she was on getting through the casks. Already her stomach was beginning to feel bloated, and knowing where it was all going didn’t help matters much.

After several more minutes, she pushed the flagon away, a hand resting on her massively swollen stomach. Her head was foggy from the alcohol, and she could practically hear the mead sloshing around in it; she was already looking forward to the pressure dissipating, despite knowing it would only manifest as a different kind of pressure soon.

“Pace yourself…” Orla murmured, frowning as Melina stifled a burp. “Remember, this is a holding contest, not a drinking contest. You’ve got till sundown.”

Melina nodded, her eyes a bit slack. “Nng...don’t s’pose I could cut this with water, could I?”

Orla pursed her lips, looking to Ghora, who’d been silently swaying in the corner. She stopped as soon as eyes were upon her, and with a huff, she stalked off towards the well behind the mess hall to do as requested.

Once the guardswoman was out of earshot, Orla turned back to Melina. “How are you feeling?” the blind orcess murmured.

Melina groaned gently. “Ugh, like I just drank the Yarthian River…” She muttered. “I’ll be fine, though, I just need to...you know, catch my breath…”

Orla huffed gently. “You know what I mean.”

Melina looked up at her. “I...don’t feel much of anything yet, besides that...but I did just pee five minutes ago…” She murmured with an added chuckle.

Despite herself, Orla smiled as well. “Well, let’s hope that lasts...Urza may have a handicap but her bladder’s still plenty big… this won’t be easy…”

Melina nodded, still rubbing her stomach. “I know. But I’ve gotta see it through, one way or the other…”

Just then, Ghora returned with a pail of water, setting it down before Melina before returning to her cross armed, tight-legged stance near the door.

Melina looked up at her, noting now her decidedly tense and restless posture. Immediately Melina’s eyes jumped to a need for a toilet, but that couldn’t have been it...every orc on the guard relieved themselves in the morning before rounds…

Just then, a couple orc women shuffled past the mess hall, muttering to one another as they leaned against the door..

“...think’s gonna win? I honestly don’t know..”

“You’re kiddin’, right? I’ve never even seen the Chief need a piss, let alone have a mishap…”

“I dunno…the Chief’s been holdin’ it since last night, remember?”

“What’s that matter? She’s the Chief, and Melina’s just a little human!”

“Ah, that human’s pretty tough, heard her spill an almost four minute gusher the other day… and speaking of a gusher, I wouldn’t mind a slash myself…”

Melina frowned, now sufficiently distracted from her stomach. Both those orc women were in need of a privy as well? She turned to Orla, who merely shrugged her confusion.

“Now? It’s not even noon!”

“Oh shut it, like you aren’t gagging for a pot too! Damn party...”

Suddenly, Melina’s eyes widened, and she turned to Orla to see the same realization reflected in hers.

“Yesterday’s feast…” she whispered.

Orla nodded emphatically. “The Chief’s mead stores…”

Melina swallowed. “So...they really are all-”

Orla nodded, looking as though they were trying not to smile. “They’ll all be bursting within the hour…”

Melina frowned. “But...won’t they realize something’s up?”

Orla snorted. “The Kh’raven aren’t known for their deductive reasoning. Plus, they’re so prideful they won’t even openly admit it to too many others...we’ve nothing to worry about.”

The two whittled away the rest of the day in the mess hall; Match-participators were exempt from chores, as were their companions. Melina had started drinking again, though she was taking far more metered sips...Orla was right, she needed to pace herself.

As time went on, and the liquid continued to move down through her digestive system, the pressure in her abdomen began to grow. As afternoon began to turn to evening, there was a slight but noticeable urge in her lower pelvic region… and still, Melina continued to drink.

Orla was there to keep watch, as was Ghora, though the latter was getting more and more restless, crossing and uncrossing her arms or tensely rolling her shoulders.

A few more orc women sidled by the mess hall, each talking in (what they thought were) hushed tones about a stronger than normal urge to relieve themselves. The idle conversations didn’t help Melina much, whose urge was steadily starting to become unignorable.

“Maybe we should go somewhere else…” She murmured to Orla, who blinked in response.

“What? Why?”

“Cause it’s probably not best for me to hear them talk about peeing, savvy?” Melina huffed.

Orla pursed her lips. “Ah...good point...come on, we can hang around the smith tent...Ghora…” She said, calling to their orc companion as they stood up to leave. As they exited, though, they were treated to an odd sight.

True to their suspicions, an air of tension rested on the camp as orcs strode stiffly up and down the dirt paths, trying not to let on how full their bladders were getting, unaware of the reasons behind their sudden spike in desperation. Everywhere Melina looked she could see abdomens beginning to bulge out of tunics, though many were still trying to pretend as though nothing was amiss. It wouldn’t last, though...Chief Urza was not the only one in for an uncomfortable evening, it seemed.

~

Back at the compound, Urza had already drained almost all three casks, and was now reclining on her throne, watching the sun creep towards the horizon and idly fantasizing about having that pretty pink human girl service her on her throne all day and knight, making up for years of pent-up sexual frustration and chaste edging...a ripple went through the orc chieftain’s body just thinking about it. Despite her words to Melina, the matronly warrior felt she may have under-estimated how much liquid she’d been consuming. There was a definite pressure in her abdomen as a day and a half’s worth of pee sloshed around within it, a sensation Urza had almost forgotten. Just off to her right, she heard footsteps run her compound, and a moment later there was the sound of liquid splattering on the ground and a huff of relief.

The sound made Urza’s bladder twinge, which surprised her. “What?” She frowned to herself as she took another swig of mead from her cask...a smaller, more careful swig.

Ognild continued to stand by the chief, rigid in posture even as her waistband began to dig into her swelling bladder.

“Ognild…” The Chief murmured, gazing at the guard. “You look tense.” She said, her eyes gleaming.

The perimeter guardswoman swallowed, and she shook her head. “No, my liege, simply...simply a bit of a cramp…”

Urza smirked in amusement. “Ah, of course. You needn’t be coy with me, not here...I’m feeling a bit of pressure myself.”

Ognild blinked, obviously surprised. “Y-yeh are?”

The Chieftain held up a hand. “Make no mistake, I’m far from bursting, but I haven’t peed in nearly two days, almost twice over what the other women in our camp have…”

Iraz nodded, but she still looked anxious. “And still, yeh hardly looked phased…”

Urza grinned. “A bit of mead is no match for my strength.” She murmured.. “I will admit, I’ve not felt anything really resembling an urge in a long time...and to tell you the truth, it’s…not a bad feeling. A slight tingle, but… rather nice. Perhaps Melina was right to suggest this...I will tell her so, once I’ve made her my personal attendant. Now, run along to the pitch and tell them I am coming. The next phase is nigh.”

Ognild’s dusky cheeks colored a bit, but she nodded. “Yes, chief...of course, chief…” She murmured, striding quickly and stiffly out of the throne room.

Urza watched her go, a hand drifting to her abdomen as her grin melted into a gentle frown. She hadn’t expected to feel such pressure, so soon… But she mollified herself by thinking that if she felt this way, the young man-cub must be nearly ready to pop.

~~

Melina, Orla and Ghora approached the pitch again just as the sun was beginning to kiss the horizon. Melina’s gait was definitely somewhat stunted as all the liquid she’d drank had nearly all drained into her bladder.

Urza approached as well with an equally stiff Ognild, who looked just as uncomfortable as Ghora did, though neither orc dared voice their struggles to wide company.

Talgryn was waiting for them, hands folded behind her back. Both Ognild and Ghora strode over to her, debriefing her on their witness throughout the day.

Melina swallowed, trying not to be discouraged by how calm the Chief looked as they both stepped onto the pitch. The young alchemist winced as a wave of pressure throbbed in her abdomen, but she did her best to power through it; she couldn’t let on how badly she already needed to go, not right now. With any luck, being stationary would negate the urge somewhat.

Chief Urza, on the other hand, had now been without relief for almost two days, and it had taken a great deal of finesse not to betray how full she felt...A day was normally nothing, but the added mead last night, plus the ale and wine on top of that… But no, she musn’t let on that she was feeling some pressure.

“Right, then…” Talgryn murmured, now addressing the two contestants. “Now that the initial drinking has finished, the real test of endurance begins. The two of you will remain here, in this pitch, till one of you gives out. We’ve provided stools, if you feel as though sitting will ease the pressure.” She murmured, gesturing to the two crude wooden stools propped up in the dirt. May the best win.”

Orla gave Melina’s hand a squeeze before she stepped back, retreating with the others until there was no one left on the pitch but Melina, Urza, and their two new witnesses who relieved Ognild and Ghora.

Both of them looked supremely uncomfortable and annoyed at their lot, unable to keep from rubbing their thighs together somewhat as they worked to keep tabs on the contest.

Melina and Urza, on the other hand, looked to be of stronger will. Neither woman said a word...neither moved an inch. As the sun began disappearing behind the horizon, and the longer fingers of night began to creep over the compound, they both stood still, merely staring at one another.

Melina felt like her stomach was cramping; her toes curled gently within their shoes, but she still kept herself constrained to only the slightest of movements...for now.

Urza stood across from her, hips cocked, arms crossed, and her face stone. Truth be told, the pressure in her abdomen felt like it had nearly doubled since that morning...a strong, insistent tension in her abdomen that was as worrisome as it was inexplicable. Urza had been without a serious urge and lacking the means to attend to it for so long, the waves of pressure radiating through her core felt almost foreign. Yet despite her perturbingly rapid climb up the scale of discomfort, she remained still and steady on the outside.

Melina was a lot less subtle...it seemed she was having a harder time maintaining an air of relaxation as she gently ground her arse down into her stool. She’d definitely surpassed the threshold she’d reached on her first night here, but still she kept still as possible, not wanting to be the first to really crack and show just how full she was.

After a short while, though, the pressure simply became too great to conceal, and she was forced to sit upon the stool, subtly shifting back and forth upon it as she took a shuddering breath. Urza smirked at this, making Melina blush, but she reminded herself that the winner would be she who avoided peeing the longest, not she who looked the best doing it.

Suddenly, there was a cry from across the way. All the present orc women turned just in time to see Urza’s witness stagger away, bald green head slick with sweat. No sooner had she cleared the pitch that she yanked down her trousers, getting them out of the way moments before her golden bounty spilled forward into the dirt.

Urza grit her teeth as she heard the liquid spilling onto the ground… she wanted dearly to cover her ears, but she was not yet willing to give this little human the satisfaction After nearly 3 whole minutes, Ognild finally ran dry, and for a moment, there was naught but silence as she staggered to her feet, moved her clothes back into place, and gave the crowd one last look before disappearing once again.

Talgryn huffed as she watched the orc woman shuffle off with somewhat damp trousers. “We cannot have wet dirt here, it is our easiest indicator for a penalty... We must pause the match. Melina, my liege, if you’ll both step out of the pitch...you…” She murmured, pointing to the still squirmy orc witness. “Help me get this situated.”

~~

Melina could barely walk. She was so bloated, so swollen with pee that every step was like a jackknife in the overfilled piss organ nestled between her trembling thighs. She could only hope and pray that the Chief was feeling similarly desperate or else this would-

“Ngg...fuckin’ young pup…”

A voice brought Melina out of her internal struggle. Blinking, she staggered forward a bit more, peering around the corner to see Malash and Khamina, both looking far more put together than anyone else in the camp.

Malash looked cross, furiously rubbing a burly green arm. “Fuckin’ disgrace...”

Khamina took the moment to smirk down at her guardmate. “Yeh alright there, Captain? Lookin’ kinda tense…”

Malash scowled. “I’m fine.” She muttered, a bit too quickly. “Just...How’s that little man-cup not pissing yet? We had that whole feast for the Chief, and now we-” She stopped herself, glaring at the ground.

Khamina’s smug expression deepened. “‘Smatter? Yeh wantin’ a piss too, hmm?”

Malash’s head snapped up to glare at the smirking amazon. “Like hell I do. Little pup thinks she’s gonna see me gaggin’ for a pot, bollocks. I can go as long as I want.”

Khamina smirked. “Yeah? Then why’re yeh shiftin’ about like a cornered rabbit?”

Malash’s scowl deepened. “Shut it, Khamina, I’m not doin’ nuffin of th’ sort…”

Khamina chuckled. “If’n yeh wanna keep torturin’ yerself, be my guest. If I were you, I’d just go ahead to the privy before I embarrassed meself… after all, they’re the ones doin’ the contest, not us. No need for you to hurt yerself playin’ pretend.”

Malash blinks, her eyes narrowing as she glares up at Khamina. “And just what the fuck is that s’posed’ t’ mean?”

Khamina shrugged. “Look, it’s obvious yer bustin’ for a piss, so...go take it. I’ll cover for yeh.”

Malash’s face hardened. “Yeah, you’d like that wouldn’t yeh? Grummsh, yeh really can’t stomach that I won that match, huh. Hurts your rock-hard pride, don’t it, that I beat the big bad Khamina at her own game.”

Khamina’s smirk lessened. “Watch it…” She muttered, but Malash didn’t let up.

“Why?” Malash sneered. “Y’know I’m right. Got to big for your britches, and I put yeh in your place...and you know it.”

Khamina now turned to Malash with a full glare. “I’m warnin’ yeh…”

Malash sniggered, grinning wickedly. “What’s the matter? Scared the new recruits’ll stop buyin’ your puffed-up bullshit and start listenin’ to a real Captain?” She smirked.

Khamina’s fists balled up. “You shut the fuck up right now, you goose-stepping rot-tusk.” She hissed.

Malash bared her teeth. “Make me, you cock-eyed piece of-”

Malash’s words were cut off as Khamina lunged at her, pressing her mouth against hers with such force she felt a tooth cut into her bottom lip. Khamina’s powerful arms wrapped around Malash’s waist, roughly yanking her closer as she forced her tongue into Malash mouth, exploring every inch of it with wild ardor.

Malash responded almost immediately in kind, throwing her arms around Khamina’s neck and forcing her own tongue back against the invading once, fencing with it as the two orcs furiously made out, slamming up against the guard post as they did.

Melina could hardly believe what she was seeing; had she not been so frazzled by her own acute bladder pain, she’d have actually thought this was rather sweet...and more than a little titillating…

She hurriedly ducked back behind the rampart, squeezing her legs together. She did not need the increased heart activity, not right now. She just had to hope that the pitch was cleaned up soon...and that Urza was hurting as much as she was.

~~~

The next couple hours were torture for the two contestants as Ognild’s gush seemed to trigger an immediate need for release in the rest of them.

All around them they could hear warriors hurrying off to the privy, finding a secluded bush or tree, or even dropping trou right tere to let forth a gushing gout of piss. One such woman had actually leaned up against the side of the occupied privy, lifting up her leg as her pee sprayed from her in a sprinkling display that caught the light of the sun, mere feet away from Urza. Melina could tell the orcish chieftain was trying not to pay attention, but the subtle clench in her jaw told Melina all she needed to know. She was feeling it, and quite intensely, too, by the looks of it. The thought seemed to reinvigorate Melina, and she felt her urge recede somewhat as the flush of adrenaline pushed down her other bodily sensations.

Hours passed, and still neither woman budged. They refused to even hold themselves, counting on their pelvic muscles as defense against the deluge straining each of their prodigious bladders...but it was clearly taking a toll.

Melina was beside herself hardly able to stand up straight as she hobbled back and forth across the pitch, doing her best to continue with her work despite the searing pressure between her thighs. Her supple ass swung back and forth as she curtsied and hip-cocked from one side to the other, muttering to herself that she was doing this for her freedom. Despite all the pain, all the misery, the burning pressure...she had one thing Urza didn’t. Conviction.

She knew that her future rested on this match, and so she would hold it, with every fiber of her being, until she simply could not even stand up anymore.

Urza was still trying to prove she had more control than Melina, but anyone paying attention could see that she was struggling...her bladder poked out from beneath her furs with such presence that it partially obscured the thick legs crossing beneath it when she thought no one was looking, despite the fact that up till now she’d managed to confine herself to the occasional pelvic tense or change of stance.

Melina felt time slip by her in hot, searing urinary agony...she’d never even imagined hoplding this much. It was as though she had a ball of fire in her abdomen, burning her from the inside out and threatening to turn her abdomen to ash. Every breath she took was sheer torment; it felt as though her bladder were crowding out the rest of her organs as it tried to expand as large as she demanded it to. Her mouth hung open with exertion, her eyes squeezed tight as every fiber of her being was dedicated to continuing to hold on for one more second...and another...and another…

Suddenly, a strange sound registered in her ears, traveling to her desperation-addled brain. After a few moments, she recognized it as the sound of birds chirping.

Opening her bleary eyes, Melina gazed up at a navy blue sky, getting lighter as forks of gold and scarlet began appearing over the horizon.

It was dawn; she’d officially been holding her pee for an entire day and night.

Across from her, Urza now looked to be in an even worse state, sat on the stool and back and forth. Her face was twisted up in agony as she fought with everything in her not to gush all over the ground, her rounded abdomen distended so heavily it looked as though she were pregnant…. But still, she refused to let go, even with over 48 hours of pee bearing down on her quavering orcish sphincter.

“Hn-n...Y-your strength is formidable, man-cub” Urza hissed through gritted teeth, glaring across at Melina. “When you become my loveslave, you can take pride in knowing it was a battle well fought…”

Melina took a shaky breath, clutching her abdomen as she rocked back and forth on the seat. “I-it’s not over yet…” She spat back hoarsely, biting her lip so hard she tasted blood.

Orcs had gathered to watch once more, staring in awe as their Chief shivered, squeezing her thighs together and banging a fist on her stool as she groaned through her pain. Both women were clearly on the verge of flooding their tunics, yet neither would concede...one could almost hear the sheer volume of liquid currently straining each bladder to its limits, and even further still.

For a long while, there was nothing but the sound of sweaty bodies, human and orc alike writhing as they vainly fought the urge to obey their bodies’ desperate pleas to ease their overburdened bladders...and suddenly, there was a break.

Urza’s thigh curled up in on itself, powerful muscles bulging beneath jade skin as she fought through a particularly hard spasm. However, it appeared that will and fortitude were not enough to stave off this particular wave, and with the bellow, Urza tore up her tunic and grabbed her quivering foot-long cock, squeezing the base as hard as she could to keep urine from entering her urethra.

All who had gathered again to watch the match gasped...never before had their bottomless, sure-headed Chief demonstrated such a visible need to relieve herself, let alone resorted to such a crude, visceral means of containment.

Urza’s entire muscled body trembled, her eyes fluttering and her muscles tensing as she fought tooth and nail for a few more seconds of control, even as beads of pee surged their way up past her tightly clenched dock and squirted out of her quivering glans.

“Penalty on the Chief!” She gestured to one of the attending orcs, who stepped forward with a gourd for the Chief to drink from...the well-endowed sovereign snatched it angrily, tipping the contents up into her mouth before tossing the gourd away, her other hand joining its sister in pinching off the long green trembling piss cannon at the base.

Even still, she was holding on. Having drank almost double what Melina had, and held for hours longer, the busty, burly warrior had a vice grip on her crotch, her muscles rippling in her arms as she held back a river’s worth of boiling piss with naught but her will. Despite her overwhelming, nigh-irresistible urge, the woman did not let go.

The Kh’raven torture herself for the better part of an hour as she grabbed at her crotch, sat down, stood back up and grabbed again, pacing up and down the pitch and snorting like a wounded bull. Melina could hardly perceive any of it...her vision was blurry, her head tinged with sweat, she felt as though the pressure were making her delirious. She could feel every drop of her barely contained pee battering mercilessly down on her tender sphincter, held back only by the tiny sliver of will she kept mustering up. She was a single tree against a raging storm, and she could feel her roots about to give way.

But before she could even birth her next thought, it happened.

As if in slow motion, the lofty orc Chief’s woman’s thighs separated, and with a bellow, she half collapsed against the stool as her cock exploded with piss, gushing out with a force so strong it was as if someone had punctured the side of an overfull barrel of ale. The acrid foamy liquid arced into the air, catching the first rays of sun peeking over the horizon before falling down to earth. The Chief groaned again, forcing her member down and directing the stream groundward, where it hosed the dirt with such force it was actually cutting through it like a blade. The gathered orcs stood by as their revered monarch soaked the ground for all she was worth, growling in pleasured release. For several minutes, there was nothing but the noisy splatter of amazonian urine on dirt and a yowl of relief as the woman poured out what seemed to be a whole ocean’s worth of piss.

That was the last straw for Melina, who barely managed to get her own trousers out of the way before her own torrent joined that of the Chief. For a moment, pee roped out of her, but relief eluded her. She was so full that she had to let out a whole few flagons full just to cross the threshold into bursting...but after a moment, a wave of euphoric release washed over her, making her legs buckle and forcing her to lean against one of the pitch posts for support.

Her stream was a little less wide than the river flowing from the tip of the Chief’s trembling manhood, but it was no less powerful. Both streams echoed through the morning air, ringing in the day with what had to be the most ecstatic gushing pisses ever recorded in the annals of Kh’raven history.

Despite Urza releasing first, their streams ended at roughly the same time...10 minutes for Urza, 8 for Melina.

“It...appears we have a winner…” Talgryn murmured to the stunned crowd, looking across at all their dumbfounded faces.

“Victory... goes to Melina.”

The rest of the course turned to Urza as she staggered upright, still shaking from the relief she’d just had. Her eyes focused on Melina, her broad chest still heaving. There was no anger on her face...no spite, nor hatred, nor ire...nothing but relief, and pure, unadulterated disbelief.

For a moment, silence. Then suddenly, a bevy of cheers went up from the gathered warriors, and immediately Melina was surrounded by a sea of roughhide-clad orc women clapping her on the back or on the shoulder, congratulating her on a job well done and boasting about how they always knew she could do it...a few bold lauders even got in some swats on her rear as everyone swarmed to get a piece of the human girl who’d bested their leader. Melina merely blinked as she was buffeted about...her abdomen felt numb, weightless...it was a strange sensation, even moreso than the flurry of foreign hands grabbing at her.

Orla elbowed her way to the center of the frenzy, throwing her arms around Melina with an exclamation of glee. “I knew you could do it! I just knew it!”

Melina staggered a bit from the force of the hug, but she wrapped her arms around the girl anyway with an exhilarated chuckle. “Thanks, Orla, you really-”

“Bloody brilliant, humie!” Khamina exclaimed, laughing out loud as she slapped a dinner plate size hand on the smaller woman’s back. “Not bad for a wee little alchemist! Never seen the Chief piss so much in her life...yeh really are somethin’ special.”

Melina was actually knocked forward by the blow, but she grinned up at the orc still flushed with the thrill of victory.

Malash was the next, crossing her arms and glaring down at Melina. “I dunno how you did it…” She muttered. “But you really fuckin’ did it. Can’t say that ain’t impressive…”

Melina merely smiled. “Thank you...Captain…” She murmured, holding out her hand for the orc woman to shake. Malash looked down at it apprehensively before taking hold and shaking the smaller girl’s hand.

The surrounding women all laughed at the repartee...even the Chief uttered a gentle chuckle as she strode forward. “Yes...you’ve overcome insurmountable odds, young Melina…” The woman murmured, placing a hand on each of the younger woman’s shoulders. “It appears I...overestimated myself. A good leader knows when she’s made a mistake, and knows that her honor is more precious than her pride. You are free to go; say the word and I will have my guard escort you back to the human settlement.”

“Ah, she can’t go, Chief, not till after the feast!” Khamina protested, to the assent of many of the orc women present.

The Chief looked down, into Melina’s face. “What say you, Champion? The invitation is extended…”

Melina smirked. “Sure, what’s another drink?” she chuckled, much to the delight of all the orcs present.

Later that night, the mess hall was the fullest it had ever been, with every orc in the camp present drinking and feasting and making more merry than anyone had seen them...Even Orla was right there in the mix, laughing and waving around a flagon with wild abandon as her sisters-in-arms made sure it never ran dry. No one seemed to care that Khamina and Malash were sitting a little extra close together, and in all the hubbub, no one noticed them holding hands under the table, eliciting a smirk from Khamina and a blush from Malash.

~~

The next morning, Melina stood at the throne of the Chieftain, one last time. Orla and the guard were already at the gate, but the Chief had requested final words with the young alchemist.

The Chief sat forward, leveling her gaze at Melina. “You have taught me many things, young one...about myself, and about this tribe. Perhaps...perhaps I can do things differently, while I am Chief.”

Melina smiled. “Whatever you do, Chief, I’m confident the glory of the Kh’raven is safe in your hands.

Urza nodded. The border of man is not far from here, young one...my guard will see you through. You’ll pardon me if I do not accompany you myself...Present company excluded, orcs still do not get on well with humans… besides, there’s mead to be drunk, and I must win back the confidence of my subjects.” She murmured with a chuckle, patting her abdomen.

Melina looked round at all the gathered orcs, smirking before looking up at the Chief. “Certainly...but before I leave there’s something else I want to do first…”

~

Chief Urza clapped a hand over her mouth, trying not to moan aloud as Melina’s hand slid up and down her behemoth member, expertly stroking the polished viridian scepter just like before. Melina’s other hand was wrapped around the Chief’s waist, gently teasing at the puffy lips of her dark dusky sex as her lips tugged on a great green nipple atop one of the Chief’s mountainous breasts.

Melina quickened her pace, rubbing, stroking and sucking harder as the Chief began to convulse in pre-orgasm tension. A moment later, the stately orc woman erupted, shooting a thick gout of cum right against the ground out behind the mess hall, and at the same time, Melina felt a gush of girljuices against her fingers as Urza came from both sets of privates simultaneously.

“Grummsh’s beard, I’m going to miss that…” The Chief breathed, chest heaving as she came down from her orgasm.

Melina wiped her hands on the grass, giggling. “All you have to do is say the word, and I reckon you’ll have a line of lusty subjects ready to do all that and more…”

The Chief chuckled breathlessly. “If they are even half as skilled as you, I just might…” She breathed.

~

Moments later, Melina was hurrying out to the gate to join Orla and the guard.

“Where’ve you been?” Orla murmured as Melina jogged up to them. “We’ve been sitting here listening to Khamina and Malash argue forever… Why won’t they just kiss already?”

“I heard that, milkweed…” Malash grumbled, though completely without her usual venom. “Let’s get goin’, sooner we get the Me- the man-cub back to Man’s Country the better.”

Melina only smiled to herself, looking up at her orc companions as the perimeter guard was signaled to open the gate.

Melina sighed gently, taking Orla’s hand and gently squeezing it as the party strode out of the gate, and Melina took her first step towards home.

THE END
