Wetting on the First Date

Author: fullbladder

*000*2022-10-16 12:51

“I’m so done with men- they’re all assholes!” Abby slammed her fist on the door as she entered the two-bedroom apartment.

“What happened now?” Her flat mate, Chloe, asked absentmindedly as she knitted a sweater for her 2-month-old niece. Abby’s outbursts were common. Being a tall, slender, extroverted and alpha brunette, she got more than her fair share of male suitors. The problem was she knew what she was looking for and her directness often scared men away.

“I blew Ray then he wouldn’t even lick me. I asked if I could at least watch him piss before I left, but he slammed the bathroom door in my face- I am so done with that fucking homo!” Abby dropped her purse on the small dining table and opened the fridge to grab a can of alcoholic apple cider from the side shelf.

Despite being friends with Abby for three years, Chloe was still surprised by how open she was with her fetish. The 22-year old recent college graduate regularly left her peed-in panties in the hamper. When very drunk, she had even invited Chloe to pee her pants with her, but Chloe had politely declined.

Secretly growing intrigued over time, Chloe had tried wetting her panties in the shower while Abby was away on a date. It had been a pleasurable experience- she had enjoyed the feeling of warm pee on her crotch, running down her legs. Worried about being discovered. She had hastily showered and buried her wet panties deep in her laundry. Immediately after getting redressed, Chloe had rushed off to the laundromat.

Chloe chewed her lip, unsure of what to say. For the past couple of months, she had been thinking about asking Abby for permission to watch her pee, but had been unsure how to bring up the topic. Abby often left the door open while peeing but Chloe had never dared to walk in for a closer look. Such an inquiry would have brought on instant, direct questions from Abby and Chloe wasn’t ready for that just yet.

Chloe took a moment to casually admire Abby in her form-fitting red dress as she walked over to the couch. She could tell Abby was already desperate to pee, her typical state in the wee Saturday morning hours. In under an hour, she would likely pee through her panties into the toilet or in the shower, then masturbate through them in her bed before falling into a drunken coma until noon the following day.

Chloe herself had been drinking red wine as she had listened to soft rock on Spotify- she was tired but had stayed up hoping Abby would come back home hot and bothered. Hearing her moan next door was always a treat as Chloe also touched herself to climax, albeit quietly.

Chloe was pretty sure she was bi, but she hadn’t taken the step of being sexual with a woman- Abby was the only gal she was truly interested in at the moment. Chloe was freckled, red-headed, and shorter/curvier than Abby, but cute in her own right. The almost 21-year-old third-year college student had dated her high-school sweetheart for over four years before she had found out he had been cheating on her at the University of Vermont campus, some 200 miles away. Since then, Chloe had dated a couple of guys casually, but had found herself more and more interested in Abby in recent weeks.

They had met in Chloe’s freshman year of college. Abby was in her sophomore year and was working as a TA for Chloe’s Business Communications class. Being shy, Chloe struggled with presenting in front of the 35-student class, but Abby worked with her patiently during guided study sessions. It wasn’t long before Chloe was much more confident in her presentations, and the two girls were BFFs meeting regularly for drinks and lunches.

This year, they had decided to rent a place together off-campus and had now been living there for five months. Chloe didn’t particularly like the regular stream of guys showing up to spend nights with Abby, but she was quite the considerate flatmate otherwise and did her part in keeping the place clean.

Tonight, like most other weekend nights, Abby was rambling and wriggling her butt into the couch. Chloe, feeling buzzed, decided to dip a toe into the water, truly a brave step for her. As Abby paused her monologue to stand up and make a long-overdue walk to the toilet, Chloe stopped nodding her head and murmuring “yeahs” and spoke up.

“Um, Abby? What if you just... wet yourself a little on a date? Then, maybe you would know if the guy is worth your time.”

Abby danced on the spot in a shocked silence as she weighed Chloe’s advice. It had clearly hit her like a ton of bricks. She smiled devilishly, and then laughed.

“You dirty slut- that’s a great idea! This short geeky boy I’m tutoring has been trying to get me to have coffee with him- I could totally try this on him next week!” She casually hiked up her dress to grab her crotch as she continued dancing on the spot. Chloe noted that her red G-string panties perfectly matched her dress.

She hobbled towards her friend, who had now set down her knitting project. “What do you think I should wear? A skirt? A dress? Pants?”

Chloe bit her lower lip thoughtfully. It was such a treat to have desperate Abby up close to her like this. “Maybe a short dress is better to hide the wetness after, you know? You can hike it up and lean forward so only he sees you peeing a little, then lower it again so no one knows you leaked in your clothes.” She felt a growing sexual excitement as she talked about the taboo topic. In her drunk, horny state, her pussy was wetter than a cat caught outside in a rainstorm.

Abby gasped as she briefly stopped dancing. She removed her hands briefly to analyze her panties. A tiny wet spot had appeared on the red fabric. She quickly regripped her crotch to prevent further leakage.

“It’s a good idea… but maybe…” Abby’s forehead scrunched as she thought, struggling not to urinate all over the living room carpet. She smiled again as naughty thoughts filled her mind. “I think I wanna do it at night, when I’m really drunk. Maybe I can just get him to walk me home along a dark path so no one else will really see my accident- that could be romantic. Plus, everyone pisses themselves now and again when they’re wasted, so who cares.”

Abby’s dancing intensified and she groaned audibly, obviously in a real struggle to hold her urine in. Chloe acted quickly to keep her from turning around and dashing off to the bathroom.

“What are you planning to wear?”

“Ohhh, I really gotta go! Else, I’m gonna soak my panties right here…” She scissored her legs and bounced up and down, backing away a few steps in the direction of the bathroom. “Maybe my navy dress pants. They hide wetness pretty well after a few minutes sitting in them. I leaked in them a bit in my car once after work- traffic was so brutal that day. OK, I really gotta pee!” Before Abby turned away, Chloe observed a couple of drips fall off her clenched fingers onto the carpet below- she had squirted into her underwear again and the wet fabric could no longer contain additional liquid.

Moaning desperately, Abby carefully skirted to the bathroom, shouldered the ajar door fully open and planted her butt onto the toilet. Chloe carefully arose from the sofa and inched closer to the bathroom , listening to her gorgeous friend pee noisily through her panties into the toilet below, moaning audibly with relief. Chloe reached down into her pajamas and pleasured herself through her wet silk panties. As Abby’s pee stream finally slowed, Chloe hobbled away to her bedroom, her fingers still rubbing her throbbing clitoris. She had finally started a very important conversation with her best friend.

*005*2022-10-20 17:39

Chloe took a moment to catch her breath as she reached the third floor of the long staircase. Then, she casually fiddled with the key on the lock before opening the door in mock surprise.

“Oh, you’re home.” Abby was seated on the couch with the TV on, sipping with a reusable straw from a 1L Nalgene bottle.

“Yeah, it’s Thursday, remember? Date night. I clocked out a little early to get home quick.”

Chloe turned away to put her school bag on one of the dining chairs. The act hid her sly smile- she had run the kilometer from campus to catch Abby before she took off. Each of these minutes was precious!

“Oh yeah, with the nerdy kid right?”

“Yeah, Nathan.”

“Cool.” She had purposely avoided bringing anything about Abby’s planned wetting.

“Do you still think it’s a good idea?” Abby seemed to be studying her closely; Chloe continued feigning ignorance.

“Yeah, he’s probably a good guy- he really wants to go out with you, too.”

Abby rolled her eyes in frustration. “No, about me pissing myself out in public with him. Is that a bad idea?”

Chloe tried to hide her mild surprise- Abby was never one to doubt herself or change plans. But then again, she had been really drunk when she had first been presented the idea. With time to think about it, she may have come to her senses. After all, Chloe couldn’t imagine herself doing something so outrageous and brave in public, not in a million years.

“Yeah, it’s totally crazy. You could get in trouble with the cops.” As much as Chloe wanted this naughty scenario to play out, she couldn’t give terrible advice to her dearest friend. She really could get into a whole lot of trouble with this wild idea.

Abby pondered it for a moment. “Nah, they can’t prove I’m doing it on purpose. Just last month, I saw a hammered fat girl soak her pants at the club cuz she couldn’t wait till her turn. They just sent her home- no cops, nothing.”

She trapped the straw with her forefinger and raised the bottle to her lips to chug. It was still half-full as she stopped drinking. She looked over at Chloe again, who was trying her best to hide her own excitement and desperation. In anticipation of this glorious event, she had drunk a fair volume of water during her lecture and left campus without peeing. She was starting to really feel the fullness of her bladder after her run home.

“I’ve drunk a whole bottle of this already and refilled. I’m feeling like I gotta pee now.”

“Oh ok…” Chloe felt an erotic intensity in her stomach and lower regions. Abby, dressed in navy business pants and a crisp white blouse, bobbed her knees lightly as she spoke.

“Yeah, I’m gonna finish this bottle and then pee before I drive off. Once I break the seal, I’ll be bursting again soon enough.” She scissored her knees more forcefully- her desperation was increasing by the minute. Talking about her bladder certainly wasn’t helping matters.

“Yeah, that’ll do it.” Chloe spoke cautiously, her sexual excitement growing intently. She crossed her left leg over the right. She ached just to empty her bladder where she stood, then rub herself silly in clear view of Abby. She casually stuck her hand into the pocket of her off-white capri-pants- how desperately she wanted to reach over to stroke her pussy from within the loose pocket! However, that would surely be obvious to Abby, staring back at her.

“OK, cool- keep your phone on tonight. I’ll hook up pics if I get a chance.”

“Yeah, for sure- good luck.”

Abby murmured a distracted thanks before diverting her attention back to her TV show and water bottle. Not wanting to miss a moment of this God-given gift of a show, Chloe seated herself at the table and pulled out a tablet PC from her schoolbag. As she pretended to work, she felt Abby glancing at her strangely- she never sat at the table after class. Her priority upon arriving home was always getting comfortable on the sofa or her bed. That is, if she didn’t have to pee first.

Fortunately, Abby didn’t ask her anything and her attention quickly returned to the TV screen. This gave Chloe the opportunity to keep a firmer gaze on her hot flat-mate, growing steadily more desperate as she finished the large water bottle.

Squirming, Abby finally tossed the empty bottle the couch and stood up to hobble to the washroom. In the past five minutes, Chloe’s own desperation had increased. Her bladder was nagging her as she pretended to write an essay on the current strength of unions in USA, relative to the 1970’s. Abby rushed past her down the hall and into the bathroom. With the door open, Chloe heard her unzip her pants and start peeing into the toilet. She sighed as her pee stream intensified and flowed more loudly into the water below.

Chloe almost started wetting herself right there and instinctively pressed her fingers against the crotch of her cotton pants. She lightly rubbed herself as Abby continued peeing a mere ten feet away from her, but sadly out of view. With one last blissful sigh, Abby wiped, arose from the toilet seat, and pulled her mustard-yellow, full bottomed high waisted panties up. She was still buttoning up her pants when she exited the bathroom to talk to Chloe again.

“Well, that’s better! I better get going. Nathan is probably already there waiting for his dream to come true.”

It was still 30 minutes to date time- Chloe laughed and felt herself squirt briefly. She twitched awkwardly whilst trying to stem the flow and resisting the powerful urge to grab her pussy. Instead, she clenched her hands into fists.

Abby noticed the gesture. “You ok?”

“Yeah, that was funny. Bit stressed about my essay here- it’s due tomorrow and I’ve barely started.” Chloe lied- it was actually due next week, so she had plenty of time. She was surprised she was keeping her act together this well considering she was on the verge of pissing her pants.

Abby gave her a long look then turned away. “OK awesome- I’ll let you get to it. I’m off now.” She picked up her purse and opened the condo door. Not three seconds after the door shut behind her, Chloe stood up. She was seconds from drenching her pants. As she moved towards the bathroom, she started to squirt involuntarily into her pants.

Chloe had to get to the shower before she made a wet mess on the floor. She felt warm wetness run down her legs and onto her bare feet as she bolted through the shower curtain and finally relaxed her bladder. With her pee flowing through her pants and splattering noisily on the 3’ x 4’ shower base, Chloe shoved the curtain away and turned to admire herself in the full-length bathroom mirror. Her light-colored pants were completely drenched and transparent- she could make out her dark green panties.

Hopelessly turned on now, Chloe rubbed her crotch vigorously as she continued peeing- her fingers caused pee droplets to splatter out of the shower onto the tiled bathroom floor. She came in under a minute and squirted yet more bodily fluid into her soiled panties. Her knees buckled and she moaned loudly as she collapsed onto the shower floor. After a minute of gasping for breath, Chloe stood up and turned on the shower, allowing her body to be engulfed in warm wetness again. She took her time removing her clothes in the steamy shower- first her socks, then her t-shirt, then her pants, then her bra, and finally her panties.

After toweling off, Chloe walked out the bathroom naked and straight into her bed. She masturbated again, thinking of Abby and her rapidly filling bladder. It was going to be an eventful evening.

*007*2022-10-22 05:09

Abby walked slightly awkwardly to the entrance of Willowsbrough Pub. As she opened the door, she saw Nathan eagerly waving to her from the far edge of the patio. She had asked him to reserve that table specifically. It was outside and away from other patrons, great for peeing in every way. Her tummy fluttered excitedly as she thought about the naughty deed she was about to engage in on this warm mid-September evening.

Abby had predicted two things correctly. One, Nathan had indeed been there early waiting for her. Even though he wasn’t her type, it was always nice to know a guy worshipped you and was willing to do anything to impress you. She was already wondering how he would react when she peed her pants. Would he continue trying to woo her? Would he be turned off? Maybe he would be humiliated being on a date with a pants-wetter?

Two, and more importantly, her bladder was indeed filling up quickly since she had relieved herself at home. She had sipped away a half-liter water bottle while driving to the pub. She nonchalantly crossed her right leg over her left as she pointed out her reservation on the greeter’s chart. Nathan had his blue eyes locked on her as she followed the attractive young blonde named Michelle to his table.

Nathan was a 24-year-old MBA student at Boston University. Although he was quite smart, he sometimes struggled with the English language, having grown up in Hungary. He had hired Abby to tutor him three weeks ago and he had made quick strides in just four sessions. Like most young men, he found Abby very attractive, and had asked her out to coffee a couple of times. He hadn’t really been surprised that she had declined his advances- he wasn’t really in her league looks wise and a generous inch shorter than her to add insult to injury.

However, he had been surprised when she had brought up the coffee invitation at the end of their session on Monday. She wasn’t really up for coffee, but wanted to go out for drinks with him! He had quickly stammered his acceptance and the pair had made plans for today.

“Your server today will be Chris- she will be here soon.” Michelle turned and walked away as Nathan rose to offer Abby a handshake.

He smiled warmly as he spoke. “Abby- hi, thank you for coming.” He pronounced her name with more of an “E” rather than an “A”.

Abby smiled back briefly before pursing her lips as she sat down. “Hello Nathan, nice to see you.” She could already feel an urge to pee as her fit butt hit the wood surface of the chair.

They made small talk about how Nathan’s classes were going until Chris showed up a few minutes later. She was older than Michelle, maybe a couple years older than Abby too, but quite attractive in her own right. Being the gentleman, Nathan let Abby order her tequila sunrise first before he proudly requested his favorite Hungarian import.

“So how’s things after… graduate?” Nathan made a circular gesture with his hands as he searched for the right word.

Abby giggled. “Graduation.” She corrected him with a friendly smile. “It’s good! I have been working at the Boston Globe as an assistant. I am hoping for a chance to write… eventually. It’s a long journey, though.”

Nathan smiled back. “You can do it. You are great.”

The drinks arrived and they continued talking about their past, present, and futures. With active conversation, there were dry mouths which naturally led to more drinking and, in turn, looser tongues. It wasn’t long before Chris had brought them their second drinks.

For a brief while, Abby forgot all about her filling bladder. Nathan was different from the other guys she had dated. She was really enjoying the date. She wondered why they hadn’t talked about anything personal at their tutoring sessions- probably because she had shown no interest in getting to know him.

As Nathan shared a crazy story about one of his Hungarian professors getting caught in a school bathroom with his 19-year-old student, Abby’s thoughts returned to her bladder. Her feet had been involuntarily tapping on the pavement while she had been pre-occupied with Nathan. She really needed to relieve herself.

Abby surveyed the area. It was getting dark, and the patio was dimly lit. There was a young couple seated about ten feet away from them, but the surrounding region was mostly clear. With night approaching and temperature dropping, more of the new patrons were opting to sit inside. Abby’s need to pee was getting more urgent as the cooling air kissed her skin. Under normal circumstances, this would be the point where she would excuse herself.

Chris returned and they quickly accepted new drinks. Abby uncrossed her legs and pressed her thighs together. She was feeling buzzed and knew from experience that the third drink would get her proper drunk. Good- she needed all the liquid courage she could get. This was no easy plan!

“Are you okay? You are quiet.” Nathan was looking at her with concern- he had been talking for a few minutes straight as Abby’s thoughts had reverted to her bodily need to void.

She shook herself awake. “Sorry, just a bit tired from work- it has been a long week.”

“But Friday tomorrow. Here- cheers.” He raised the beer Chris had just placed in front of him. Abby forced a smile and raised her own glass to touch his.

Before her drink was half-finished, Abby was rocking back and forth in her seat. Nathan seemed oblivious to her pressing matter and continued telling tales from his childhood.

Glancing down, Abby could see her full bladder bulging against the waistband of her tight-fitting navy pants. She had to go really badly now. It was over an hour and a half since she first started drinking water on her couch after work, and nearly an hour since she had peed last.

She felt her bladder spasm and sat upright in her chair. The posture helped mildly reduce the severe pressure on her bladder. She drew a sharp breath as clenched her vulval muscles and fought the temptation to grip her crotch.

Nathan stopped talking and looked at the squirming woman across from him.

“Sorry Abby… Do you need to… ” He gestured down at his waist and made a flowing gesture.

Abby blushed, smiling delicately to try to hide her embarrassment. Normally open about her fetish, she was feeling a bit shy with Nathan. She really liked him and was having second thoughts about her plan. Surely, he would think she was crazy if she wet her pants here at this table!

“Yes, I do need to pee, Nathan.” She bobbed up and down in her seat. It was pointless to hide her need now- he knew. But, she was having serious reservations about peeing her pants. There was no way to get to the sidewalk from the patio. She would have to walk back into the restaurant in peed pants before she could get back to her car which was parked roadside…

“I am sorry- I have talked too much! You go.” He waved his hand towards the patio door which led into the pub.

Abby bit her lip. She needed the toilet badly, but this wasn’t her plan. Why couldn’t she be as direct with Nathan as she was with other boys? Why was this so hard?

As she stood up, she felt an overwhelming spasm run through her- she needed to pee NOW!

*008*2022-10-24 23:46

Abby gasped audibly, grabbing her crotch as she turned away from Nathan. Her hips rocked back and forth as she stood in place trying to prevent leakage into her panties. She succeeded… barely.

The young man seated at the table near them looked at her in shock, causing his girlfriend to turn around hurriedly. Abby ignored them, having no option but to try to get to the toilet- she was in no shape to tell idiots to mind their own business. Hunched over, still holding her crotch, she skirted past the gaping couple. However, before she could turn left through the patio door, Chris walked through carrying two desserts.

She almost ran into Abby, who just managed to hop out of the way in time. Abby’s backside hit the edge of a table and she gasped audibly, drawing attention from everyone seated on the patio. She squirted from the bodily impact, and just managed to halt her bladder from completely voiding. She wriggled helplessly on the spot, knowing that moving too quickly would be game over. She turned away from two tables of gazing eyes to her left and faced the table she had just bumped into. She longingly considered pressing her pussy into the table’s corner, but everyone was watching - it just wasn’t an option.

As Abby felt the warm wetness spread onto her fingers and butt, she realized that there was now a wet spot on her pants. There was no time to wonder if it was visible to everyone around- she just had to hope that the darkness of the night and the navy color of her pants worked their magic. Crunching her jaws together, she soldiered on.

She hobbled forward as Chris set the desserts down in front of the young couple sitting next to Nathan. The server’s eyes, like everyone else’s, were locked on the attractive brunette on the cusp of wetting herself in public. Abby made it through the patio door this time and attempted to discreetly make her way to far end of the pub, and into the ladies’ room.

Men and women alike gawked and squawked as she inched her way to the toilets. Peeing herself was no longer an option. The opportunity to perform the deed quietly with Nathan, wait for the wetness to blend into the color of her dark pants, and then walk briskly out of the pub straight to her car… that opportunity was now toast. If she pissed herself before she got her ass on a toilet seat, everyone and their mother would know about it.

To get to the women’s washroom, Abby first had to hobble past the men’s. While everyone around was watching her, the tall, burly fellow exiting the men’s room wasn’t. He opened the door with his focus on tossing his used paper towel into the trash can just inside the door, walked forward, and ran straight into Abby. The ill-fated collision she had barely avoided a minute ago had now become a reality.

Eyes wide open and mouth open in utter shock, Abby took three large steps backwards, just maintaining her balance. However, her very-vulnerable bladder lapsed in the act. She squirted hard, to the point where her hand glistened with wetness under the pub’s dim yellow-white lights. A tell-tale wetness spread around her crotch, dampening her inner thighs and threatening to seep down her long shapely legs.

“Oh! I’m so-“ The bearded man in plaid stopped mid-apology as he saw the young lady clutching her womanhood for dear life, her glistening wet pants announcing to the world that she was helplessly peeing herself.

By some miracle, Abby managed to stop the flood briefly. But, she, and everyone around, knew a full-on accident was imminent. Doggedly, she pushed past the man and shouldered the wooden door to the washroom open. This resulted in another jolt to her bladder, a jolt it was in absolutely no shape to consume. She started peeing again and there was no closing the dam this time. A massive liquid attack initiated on her business pants and wet streaks started running down her legs.

Four of the five cubicles were closed- only the last was unlocked and Abby ran for it. The dark-skinned thirty-some-year-old woman applying her makeup in front of her mirror turned and gasped as Abby dashed past her into the cubicle. Unconcerned with closing the cubicle door, Abby sat down on the toilet and continued relieving herself in her pants.

She peed hard into her panties and navy slacks, the loud splatter from the toilet and her blissful sigh announcing her accident to the women in the washroom. She closed her eyes and breathed; her breasts rose and fell rhythmically as long-held pee flowed out of her body. A full minute later, Abby’s overflowing bladder was finally empty. Her eyes still shut, the beautiful 22-year-old woman leaned back until her back rested against the toilet tank. Her open hands rested on her wet legs, which split wide to reveal a soiled crotch to anyone who bothered to gaze through the open cubicle door.

As it turned out, someone was- two women actually. Michelle had followed her into the washroom and she now gazed in at the wet patron with Georgia, who had been in the middle of applying her makeup.

“Hello, Miss? You ok?” Michelle spoke after a long silence. Abby finally opened her eyes. The smell of her own urine filled her nose. There was a wet trail on the floor leading to her feet. Abby quickly sat up and closed her legs.

She looked away from the women and down at the toilet paper roll next to her. “Um, yeah I’m okay, thanks.”

There was another awkward silence before Georgia spoke. “OK, I’m gonna shut this door for you.”

Abby dared not look up as she heard the black woman in heels walk into the cubicle. The door swung shut and Abby rose from her seat as it made contact with the metal frame. She pushed her hands against the cold metal and turned the lock before slowly retreating back to the toilet.

Abby nearly gasped in horror as she looked down at her drenched clothing. The wetness was clear in the bright washroom lights. Anyone could see she had completely pissed her pants. As the washroom door outside opened again, she started sobbing quietly. There was no way for her to get out of this. Even her phone was back at the table with Nathan. She would simply have to walk out there in shame- everybody at the pub was surely waiting to see her leave the washroom after the wild show she had just put on.

She rolled off some toilet paper and helplessly dabbed at her pants. The toilet door open and closed a few times- women coming and going. As she pondered what to do, she heard excited chatter, unzipping, peeing, flushing. Just like the bar, the ladies’ washroom was active this Thursday night.

Finally, Abby decided to stand up- it was pointless to stay here any longer. Nathan was out there waiting. He wouldn’t leave her phone and purse unattended, but it certainly wasn’t fair to him to wait for her. Leaving the washroom ten or twenty minutes later wouldn’t change anything anyway- she would still have wet pants.

Abby nervously unlocked the door and cautiously poked her head out. Fortunately, there was no one in front of the sinks. She sighed to gather her wits one final time then bolted across the washroom. She paused to open the door and began a brisk walk through the pub. Predictably, everyone’s heads turned in her direction when the door opened- no one wanted to miss a wet show.

Not two steps out of the toilets, Abby felt her hand grabbed; she was pushed to the wall before she could react. It was Nathan. He quickly handed her a sweater as he pinned her against the wall, his body blocking her from view of curious eyes.

“Here, my sweater.” He whispered. “Tie around.” He gestured towards her midsection.

Abby gave him a thankful look and quickly did as instructed, the sweater’s body covering her butt nearly down to her knee. Nathan looked over his shoulder to ensure no one was approaching them. He pulled her purse off his shoulder and handed it to her. “I put your phone in and I pay the bill. Come now, we go. Follow me close- fast!”

Abby didn’t need to be told twice- the quicker she got out of there, the better. Head down, she followed Nathan out of the restaurant. Surprisingly, he knew the car she had arrived in and led her straight to the driver door.

“Keep my sweater- you can give back next time.” He spoke quietly as she unlocked the car and got in.

He turned to walk away as she shut the door. “Wait!” Abby yelled. She hurried to start the car so she could lower the window.

“Nathan, wait.” She spoke more calmly now that he had turned around.

“Come here.” She gestured for him bend down to the window. Grabbing the sides of his face, she kissed him on the lips.

“Nathan, I’m sorry- thank you for everything.” Her bright brown pupils glistened as she whispered.

He smiled. “It is OK. Your kiss is enough.”

Abby grinned in relief. “OK Nathan, I’ll call you.”

His polite smile widened into a grin. “Thank you- bye.”

Abby rubbed her wet crotch as she pulled away from the curb. It looked like she had finally found a man worth a damn.

*009*2022-10-26 16:54

Thankfully, there was a vacant parking spot right in front of the entrance to Abby’s building. She parallel-parked and stepped out of her 2008 Chevy Malibu. Her wet pants had dampened Nathan’s sweater- it was still tied around her waist and she had sat on it to protect her car seat. She kept a garbage bag in the trunk for precisely these situations, but there had been no time to retrieve it today with laughing drunks eyeing her at the pub.

The pee had now blended in well with her dark pants- her accident was hardly noticeable in the quiet street illuminated by streetlights. As she locked her car, Abby pulled Nathan’s sweater off her waist and draped it over her left arm. She shivered as a slight breeze contacted her scantily-clad youthful body, and nearly started peeing again. The warm wetness in her pants had cooled quickly and Abby was shivering. Her bladder had quickly filled again; she needed to get upstairs to warmth and relief.

She could smell the strong, unmistakable aroma of her pee as she walked through the entrance. A man in a suit followed her into the building and gave her a strange look as they stepped into the elevator. Abby realized her accident must be a lot more visible in the bright lights of the 23-year-old five-story building. Not to mention, the pee smell. She really should have taken the stairs up… and kept Nathan’s sweater around her waist.

It was too late now- she stood as far away from the man as possible and looked down at her feet as the elevator lurched and creaked, slowly making its way to the third floor. Luckily, the well-dressed handsome man lived on the top floor, so she wouldn’t have to endure his steady gaze on her for much longer. At long last, the elevator stopped and the doors opened.

“Have a good evening.” He spoke as she stepped out. Abby could sense a slight amusement in his voice, almost a chuckle as he blurted out his goodbye.

“Thanks.” Abby muttered as turned left into the quiet hallway- her unit was the second one from the elevator.

Fortunately, no neighbors showed as she unlocked the door and shut it behind her. Chloe was seated on the couch with a glass of wine, the bottle resting on the table in front of her. She paused the movie she was watching to greet Abby as she walked in.

“Hey, Ab. How did it go?”

Abby dropped the sweater and purse on the dining table and gestured towards her wet pants.

“Wow, you really did it!” Chloe scrambled over with her wine glass, almost spilling it on the carpet. She was slurring her words, having downed two glasses already. She bent over in front of Abby, closely inspecting her crotch to make out the wetness.

Abby looked at her in slight awe. This was about the drunkest she had ever seen her friend, definitely the most uninhibited, in any case.

“The color’s blended in now. Here, you can see it for sure on my panties.” She undid her pants and pulled them down to her thighs. A clear dark semi-circle had formed on the front of the mustard-yellow underwear, reaching half-way up to the high-waist. The gusset of the wet panties clung to Abby’s vulva, revealing its perfect shape to Chloe.

Chloe gasped. “Yeah.. wow. You must have really had to go!” She resisted the urge to reach down and touch her friend’s crotch.

“Yeah, I did. Well, I better go get cleaned up.” Abby blushed after noticing her pussy was so visible. She quickly turned around and pulled her pants back up to her waist. Chloe briefly admired her perfect round butt- the back of her full-bottomed panties was absolutely drenched.

“Wait, what about Nathan?” Chloe was hopelessly turned on; she had never been more attracted to Abby… or anyone else.

Abby turned around again, holding her pants up with one hand. “Oh, he was great about it!” She excitedly filled her friend in on how he had been the perfect gentleman- having a great conversation with her, paying for dinner, giving her his sweater, the kiss at the end of the night…

Chloe squirmed on the spot. She hadn’t peed since soaking her pants in the shower prior to Abby's date and her bladder had refilled quickly after that. She had now finished her third glass of wine as Abby wrapped up her story. Her bladder had severely weakened after the initial hold and release- she was really struggling not to grab her crotch.

“Anyway, I really gotta get cleaned up. I totally stink right now and my legs are getting itchy.” On cue, Abby reached down into her open pants to scratch her inner thigh. The act revealed her wet panties to Chloe again.

“Wait! I have to pee first.” Chloe danced on the spot- there was no way she could hold it more than a few more minutes.

Abby looked at Chloe strangely. “Can’t hold it ten minutes? I’m only going to take a quick shower…”

“No, I really gotta go bad!” She felt herself starting to leak and quickly grabbed her crotch through her light grey sweatpants. She barely stopped herself from peeing into her peacock-blue cotton panties.

Abby’s sexual excitement spiked again, as it had after she had wet herself and kissed Nathan in her car. She pulled down her soaked pants all the way and watched Chloe’s gaze lock in on her wet underwear. This was undoubtedly her best chance to get her roommate involved in pee games with her.

“Oh, yeah?” Abby rushed into the bathroom and stood in the doorway, blocking it.

Chloe hobbled desperately towards her, her hands in her crotch. “This is not a joke! I’ve been drinking since you left and haven’t gone pee!”

“Really? What about that essay you said you were working on?” Abby grinned, realizing Chloe had no way out of her lie.

Chloe pushed her shoulder into Abby, trying to muscle past her, but the taller, more athletic girl easily thwarted her attempt. Being able to use hands to push someone away was a huge advantage. Abby’s own need to pee was growing as she enjoyed her best friend’s desperate show.

“You’re a naughty girl- you were filling up your bladder, weren’t you? I could tell you were up to something weird!” Abby teased, laughing. This was so hot!

Chloe moaned as another wave of desperation tortured her. Despite her best efforts, she leaked into her panties this time. She shoved a hand into her sweatpants and clutched her pussy through her damp underwear, feeling the warm wetness on her fingers.

Abby’s own desperation grew as she watched Chloe struggle. She twisted her hips rhythmically, battling the urge to let go where she stood.

“I should have just taken you to see Nathan with me. We could have both just pissed ourselves there.” She giggled at the thought.

“Ah, fuck you!” Chloe smiled at the funny thought, trying to stop herself from laughing and peeing all over herself. Regardless, she squirted again and felt her hot pee dripping off her hand into the cotton-polyester material of her pants.

“Oh look, you made a wet spot.” Abby pointed at her pants, laughing. “You’re gonna have to wash those pants, hun. Just let go- no point in holding on now!”

Chloe closed her eyes, fighting to maintain control. Seeing the toilet a few feet behind Abby was pure hell. So close, and yet so far…

Amidst her horniness, Abby felt a strong spasm erupt form her bladder. Too exhausted to fight it, she started rewetting her panties. She let out an emphatic sigh of relief and moaned as her pee flowed through her moist panties, down her legs and onto the floor.

It was too much for poor Chloe. She lost control and started wetting her pants. Warm pee flowed through her strained hands, turning her light grey sweatpants dark. Helplessly, she backed up and leaned on the wall behind her, surrendering the fight for the bathroom. She couldn’t believe she was wetting herself in front of Abby. It felt so wrong… and yet so right, too.

As Abby finished peeing herself for the second time that day, she walked forward and caressed her friend’s breasts though her shirt. Then, she moved lower, sliding her hand down Chloe's stomach and down her pants. Chloe moved her own hands out to the way, allowing Abby to gently massage her clitoris through her soaked panties as she finally finished peeing.

Abby’s rubbing intensified as did Chloe’s moans and she orgasmed for the third time in three hours. Abby held her as she collapsed down the wall, sliding to the floor. The two girls embraced on the soiled floor for a moment before Abby lifted her new lover up and led her into the shower.

*011*2022-10-26 19:36

Will keep writing as long as there's interest for it (and as along as I still have ideas lol)!
