Her Plan Backfires - Page 2

Author: Fiora Ryden

*000*2025-09-29 05:18

Now we want Evelyn to do another hold in front of Stephen to surprise him

*001*2025-09-29 10:17

{{4 hours ago, Normie Fella said:

Now we want Evelyn to do another hold in front of Stephen to surprise him

}}

Haha you’ve just gone and made my daydreaming brain even worse 😅 I already have too many ideas and never enough time -- I want to do them all at once! And now you’ve planted the thought of Evelyn doing another hold just to surprise Stephen… oof, that’s tempting. You might have just put a brand-new idea on my list 👀💦 and my poor brain can’t exactly have an accident on a suburban porch to offload that fullness!

*004*2025-09-29 16:15

{{: 

How would Evelyn feel if Stephen accidentally ended up desperate some time? I'm curious

}}

You too??? 😅 First someone planted the idea of Evelyn surprising Stephen with another hold, and now this... my poor brain is getting way too full!

Anyway, I’d really never thought about it until you asked. But the way I picture it, Evelyn would absolutely see it as her chance to get even. She wouldn’t be cruel, but she’d tease him relentlessly, hovering with that syrupy-sweet smile until his ears went red. And she’d enjoy every second of watching him squirm for a change. 🤤 I think she’d be giggling harder than he would be squirming... 🤩

*007*2025-10-11 01:12

{{On 10/4/2025 at 6:55 AM, Normie Fella said:

How about another scenario where Stephen intentionally spikes her drinks with duretics while they go on a full day hiking? 👀👀

}}

You know what? That actually sparked a really fun thought 😏... Stephen and Evelyn goes hiking in a grove, with all that tension bottled up, sounds almost mythic. 🌳🍁✨

*011*2025-11-11 14:47

{{20 hours ago, Normie Fella said:

Still waiting for the next part

}}

I’ve been deep in another project lately -- different kink niche this time, all centered on denial and control. It’s a slow-burn, very polished piece, and I’m this close to wrapping it up.

Once that’s settled, I’ll swing back next Tuesday evening with another omo story for you: something a bit more fun and chaotic this time.

I promise I haven’t forgotten Evelyn and Stephen’s world... there will definitely be more of them 😉. Thanks for the kind words and the nudge -- it really does keep me writing 💕 Stay tuned!

*014*2025-11-18 23:51

Since it’s Tuesday — and I did say I’d be back — I’ve just posted my new piece, Carnival Goldfish

– Part 1. The vibe’s a touch more friendly and energetic than Her Plan Backfires, but if you’re in the mood for something a little unhinged, strap in.

*015*2025-12-01 17:18

Quick update for anyone following my writing —

My second story Carnival Goldfish (both parts) is now fully posted.

It turned into a chaotic little palate-cleanser between heavier projects, so if you’re in the mood for something fun and slightly messy, enjoy.

And if Evelyn and Stephen's dynamic spoke to you in Her Plan Backfires, you might like the slow-burn D/s piece I recently finished—it has the same intimate signature, just coiled much tighter. No omo in this one; it’s orgasm denial with anal play.

The Weight of Need

(on AO3)

Tap "Yes, Continue" if you get prompted on top right

