Stay Cool, Stay Close

Author: fun_wetter

*000*2025-06-24 16:33

Paul was starting to think he might explode.

Not emotionally — although that was a close second — but physically. Bladder-level.

They’d been wandering the Marais district for almost two hours now, Alice walking ahead just slightly, snapping photos of murals and old lamp posts like she was collecting little bits of Paris in her phone. Paul had barely been listening, though he nodded when she talked and made occasional noises of agreement, all while a very specific, very urgent pressure grew behind his waistband.

He could’ve gone at the café.

He should have gone at the café.

But that was before Luc showed up.

Paul didn’t know much about Luc, except that he was apparently “an old family friend” Alice’s aunt had introduced her to the day before. He had curly dark hair, perfect French pronunciation, and a way of laughing at everything Alice said like she was the funniest person on the planet.

Now Luc had joined them for this walk.

And Paul, tragically, was too proud — and too in love with his own suffering — to excuse himself for five minutes and risk leaving Alice alone with him.

“I think we should go this way,” Luc said, pointing down a narrow alley with potted plants and a chalkboard sign that read vin et poésie.

“That looks adorable,” Alice said, already turning to follow.

Paul had no choice but to trail after them, clenching his jaw and every muscle in his lower body.

“So, you’re a photographer?” Luc asked Alice, his accent making the word sound far too romantic.

“Kind of. I mean, just on my phone mostly, but I like documenting places.”

“You have an eye for it,” Luc said smoothly. “Your framing is very... personal.”

Paul wanted to barf. Or sit down. Or disappear into a nearby sewer drain and relieve himself.

Instead, he said nothing. He just kept walking, trying to look casual despite the fact that his whole body felt like a slowly inflating water balloon.

Luc slowed his pace to walk closer to Alice. “There’s a bookstore around the corner. They sometimes have a live cat on the checkout counter.”

“Oh, I have to see that,” Alice said, beaming.

“Of course,” Luc said, glancing back at Paul with the faintest smile. “Unless Paul wants to head back?”

Paul’s pride flared like a defense mechanism.

“No, I’m good,” he said tightly. “Love bookstores. And cats.”

He was going to die.

He knew it. There was no bathroom in sight, and the streets of Paris were beautiful and cruel — all quaint cafés with bathrooms inside and not a single bush or alley discreet enough for an emergency.

The bookstore was tiny and full of stacked paperbacks and uneven shelves. The cat was asleep under a heat lamp. Alice cooed and took a dozen pictures.

Paul stood by the door, bouncing lightly on his heels, hoping no one noticed.

“You’re really quiet,” Alice said suddenly, turning to him.

“Just... absorbing the literary atmosphere.”

She gave him a suspicious smile. “You okay?”

“Fine,” he said, far too quickly.

Alice nodded slowly, then went back to flipping through a poetry book. Luc handed her one with a handwritten dedication inside.

Paul wasn’t even jealous anymore. He was too focused on surviving. Every minute felt like a test of willpower.

By the time they finally left the shop, the sun had dipped low, and Luc checked his phone.

“I have to meet someone,” he said with a little shrug. “But this was fun.”

He leaned in and kissed Alice on both cheeks, the way Parisians did. Alice smiled politely.

Paul stood rigidly, trying not to pass out.

“See you around,” Luc said with a wink before walking off.

Paul exhaled like he’d been underwater for two hours.

“Guess it’s just us again,” Alice said, looking at him. “You sure you’re okay?”

“Yeah,” Paul croaked. “Actually, um... I’m gonna head back now. Real quick.”

“Want company?”

“No!” he said, then added, “I mean, I’m good. I just need to—yeah.”

He gave a stiff little wave and turned down the nearest street, walking fast. Then faster. Then into a full-on speed-walk that turned into an awkward jog, his camera bag bouncing against his hip as he whispered to himself, “Don’t you dare embarrass yourself in Paris.”

He made it.

Barely.

And twenty minutes later, back at the hotel, he flopped onto the bed in his room, exhausted and completely empty in every sense.

No one would ever know. Not Alice. Not Luc. Not the cat in the bookstore.

And he intended to keep it that way.

