Maternal Responsibility Act - Page 8

Author: Fuchsa9073

*181*2023-05-06 07:21

Erica took her seat as a spectator for Monday evening's PTA Conduct Committee session. The first eight cases on the docket did not interest her, it was the Local Amendment 26 inspections of Heather Blanc and Bethany Vargas that she was there to see. The 10 mothers standing on the side of the stage had varied looks of anticipation. Most of the mothers did not seem very concerned, their children had clearly committed some of minor offense that was not likely to earn her a severe sanction. A couple of the mothers looked anxious, their children had obviously committed violations that were a little more serious. Unsurprisingly Erica's attention quickly went to Heather Blanc and Bethany Vargas.

Erica did not see any visible staining on Heather's pants, but her posture was not normal; she appeared to be standing rigid with her legs close together, almost as if she was standing at attention. Her face looked grim and she focused on a poster hanging on the far wall. Erica recognized the signs of a woman who was expending most of her energy on bladder control. Erica found herself hoping that a full inspection would reveal a violation of Local Amendment 26.

Bethany's jeans were unable to hide her obvious violation of Local Amendment 26. Large stains darkened the denim from her crotch all the way to her ankles, when Bethany turned slightly to look at the back of the stage her buttocks displayed an obvious lump underneath her saturated jeans. The crowd of spectators was guaranteed to witness at least one humiliation before the end of the evening.

The chair of the PTA Conduct Committee called the meeting to order when the student offenders had taken their place across from their mothers. The first six mothers were dealt with quickly. Jasmine Thompson-35: son Jamie- 1st Tardy, was sanctioned 3 swats and 1 hour community service. Molly Jones - 47: daughter Polly- 2nd tardy, was sanctioned 6 swats and 1 hour community service. Liz Newhall- 39: son Caleb- running in the hall, was sanctioned 3 swats and 1 hour community service. Kaitlyn Gregory- 41: daughter Angela- poor academic performance, was sanctioned 6 swats and 2 hours community service. Gwen Jenkins- 36: son Albert- swearing in school, was sanctioned 3 swats and 1 hour community service. Maggie Griffin- 40: son Hans- overdue library book, was sanctioned 1 hour community service.

Erica paid little attention to the first half dozen cases being presented. Her time was spent focused on Heather Blanc. As the PTA meeting was being conducted Erica watched her nemesis intently; every time Heather grimaced Erica grinned, each time Heather clenched her thighs together Erica would mentally cheer, and the one time Heather crossed her legs and crouched down it was all Erica could do not to clap her hands in excitement. Erica was so focused on Heather that she nearly missed the details of the last two offenses.

The chair of the Conduct Committee called Sophie Larkin and Cassidy Bowman at the same time. The 37-year-old mothers have been best friends for years and their children have grown up as close friends; it came as no surprise that Adam Bowman and Michelle Larkin would find themselves getting into trouble together. The students looked at the ground in shame as their mothers listened to their offense being read into the official record:

A rumor had been going around school for a few days that one of their classmates had wet his pants at school during their freshman year; he somehow made it through his toilet restriction without any further accidents so he wasn't required to wear a diaper; many of the students have been making comments that he should be diapered and made to stand on the stage during the school assemblies when hygiene violators were punished. Today, Michelle and Adam were caught taping Depends to Terry's locker. Unfortunately for the duo, Terry was not the boy who had wet himself. The principal took this act of bullying very seriously and punished Michelle and Adam with a 10 swat spanking, two weeks of detention after school, and a two-week revocation of all toilet privileges at school.

"Do you have anything pertinent in your defense?" the committee chair asked the mothers.

Cassidy Bowman was the first to respond. "It seems like it was just a little teenage teasing."

"Everyone laughs and gossips a little" added Sophie Larkin. "I mean, who wouldn't tease a little when you find out your friend peed themselves."

The chair turn to Adam and Michelle. "Tell me, do you frequently hear your mothers gossiping? What about teasing"

Michelle reluctantly answered, "Well... I mean... a little."

"They've been talking about Erica Campbell, Bethany Vargas, and Heather Blanc lately." added Adam. "Nothing much different than what is being said at school about Grace, Maria, Jenny, and all the others who have to wear diapers."

"I see." The Conduct Committee briefly whispered amongst themselves before the chair turned to the two plump women standing in front of the committee. "Neither of you appeared at all concerned about the behavior of your children. It also seems the two of you have completely missed the point that your children were teasing the wrong boy! The PTA Conduct Committee finds that under the stipulations of the Maternal Responsibility Act, you are each partially responsible for the misbehavior of your children. You are each sanctioned with 20 swats of corporal punishment to be administered on Saturday morning. You are each required to perform 12 hours of community service to the school; due to the circumstances involved, you are subject to a full restriction of your own restroom privileges at all time on school property until your sanctions have been completed successfully and your children have competed all punishments assigned by the school."

Erica gave a quiet grunt of approval as Cassidy and Sophie returned to the side of the stage. She decided to watch for these women on upcoming dockets of the Conduct Committee; surely one, if not both, of their children were bound to commit a hygiene violation during their restriction.

Bethany Vargas was called forward. "I see the inspection is merely a formality today", said the chair. "Mrs. Lind, you may begin the inspection."

Erica could only see Bethany from the back side, but she could imagine the shame that must have been in Bethany's eyes as Mrs Lind ordered her into position for her inspection. Even though the offense was obvious, Mrs Lind still walked slowly around Bethany before telling the committee chair: "The external visual inspection is complete. She is showing obvious wetness in her crotch, down both legs, and the lower portion of her buttocks. There's a strong odor of urine coming from her pants. The buttocks area of her jeans has a visible brown stain and there's a visible lump in the seat of her pants. A strong odor feces is noticeable from her back side."

A collective chuckle came from the audience as Mrs Lind placed a hand between Bethany's legs from the front and then stepped behind her and patted the seat of her jeans. "The external physical exam reveals obvious wetness in her crotch, on her buttocks, and down each leg all the way to the bottom. A touch over her buttocks reveals a squishy mass between her butt cheeks."

Several members of the audience gagged as Mrs Lind lowered Bethany's jeans. The brown shame was visible to the entire auditorium and the front few rows couldn't avoid the order. "The internal inspection reveals urine staining in the front of her underpants and a large deposit of fecal material in the back and bottom of her underpants."

"As we have previously discussed, loss of bowel control is more egregious than loss of bladder control. The penalty for violating Local Amendment 26 is 10 swats over your panties; due to your loss of bowel control that penalty will be increased to 20 swats." The chair gave a nod to Mrs Lind, who picked up a strap and walked behind Bethany.

Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack.. Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack!

When Bethany was dismissed she slowly pulled up her pants, allowing the wet denim to cover her filthy panties. Erica could see tears of humiliation rolling down her cheeks as Bethany walked back to the side of the stage.

Erica felt her pulse increase as Heather Blanc was called forward. This was it, the moment of truth! She kept thinking to herself: Please let her underwear have a stain!

"Place your hands on your head" instructed Mrs Lind. "Now spread apart your legs until your feet are approximately 24 in apart." When Heather displayed herself for inspection, Mrs Lind began to slowly walk around her in a circle. Mrs Lind lowered herself to one knee and spent several seconds staring at Heather's crotch. When the front of the inspection was complete, Mrs Lind stepped behind Heather and again went to one knee. After several seconds of inspecting Heather's rear end, Mrs Lind rose and addressed the PTA Conduct Committee. "The external visual inspection found no visible staining to her crotch, legs, or the seat of her pants. There is no odor of feces. There is a slight odor of urine coming from her crotch."

Erica nearly jumped out of her seat, she had never been so excited to hear a middle-aged woman utter the phrase 'slight odor of urine'!

Mrs Lind reached between Heather's legs from the front, she then walked behind and patted Heather on the buttocks. "The external physical inspection reveals no dampness over her buttocks and no mass or lump can be felt inside the seat of her pants. Dampness can be felt in the crotch of her pants and down the inside of each thigh approximately 3 inches."

To Erica's delight, Mrs Lind spun Heather around so she was facing the audience. Heather's pants were unbuttoned and unzipped, slowly Mrs Lind lowered the pants to Heather's ankles. Even from several rows back, Erica could see a damp stain on Heather's pink panties. Erica was ecstatic to see that Heather was about to be penalized for violating Local Amendment 26. Mrs Lind slowly turn Heather back to face the PTA conduct committee, leaving her behind on full view for the audience. The lower portion of the rear of her underwear showed the same dark pink stain as her front. "The Internal Inspection shows urine staining to the front and bottom of her underpants."

The chair of the conduct committee prodded Heather for an explanation. "I was able to spend most of the day without much of a need" started Heather. "But around 6:45 p.m., the fullness of my bladder finally got the best of me. I felt a little bit leak out, since then it's been even worse. I've spent every moment since then expecting to make a puddle on the floor."

"You have violated Local Amendment 26. The standard penalty of 10 swats will be applied to your buttocks over your wet underwear."

Heather was directed to lean forward and grab her ankles. Before Mrs Lind could step behind her with the strap, Heather's control completely failed her. A yellow stream cascaded out of the gusset of her panties and began to soak into the pants crumpled at Heather's feet. Erica joined the rest of the audience in cackling with laughter at Heather's humiliation.

When the cascade slowed to a trickle, Mrs Lind began the punishment.

Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack!

A sobbing Heather Blanc returned to the side of the stage after pulling up her pants. Erica was amused as she mentally compared the staining of Heather pants to the stain she had created on her own pants a few days before. As the chair of the Conduct Committee adjourned the night's meeting, Erica promised herself she would return every day until Heather's sanctions were complete.

****************

Erica walked into the house to find Grace standing on her pile of towels with her hands over her head. Grace's cousins had each been instructed to bring a friend to witness tonight's punishment; all six girls were seated in a circle around Grace as she displayed her wet leggings. "This is Grace's fifth pants wetting in the past 3 weeks, you to be witnesses as she is punished. Her punishment will begin with 20 swats of the belt over her wet leggings, her leggings will be removed and her wet panties will be placed over her face, after that she will receive an additional 20 swats on her bare butt, finally she will stand on display for 2 hours with the wet panties on her face."

As Grace listened to her mother explaining her punishment to her cousins and their friends, she was aware of a very full feeling in her bladder. The humiliation she had felt last Friday when she had lost bladder control during her belting had been weighing heavily on her mind as she had waited for her mom to get home. Grace made the decision that she was not going to let them watch as she peed on the floor, the only thing she could think to do was to slowly release her urine into her leggings and hope that the already damp fabric would soak up most of her pee.

"Oh my god!" exclaimed Peyton. "She's pissing her pants again!"

The warmth running down her legs and the relief from her bladder were not enough to outweigh the shame Grace felt as her cousin pointed out her most recent bladder control failing.

"It was bound to happen at some point" explained Erica. "You shouldn't be surprised, it's only been a few days since you watched both Grace and I lose control of ourselves during last week's punishment. She's not allowed to use the toilet until the punishment is complete; the embarrassment of rewetting yourself is part of the punishment."

"It is still funny" said Peyton. "It was hilarious last week when you both pissed on the floor, and it is still hilarious tonight."

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT

The first set from the belt were over quickly. After enduring numerous punishments for the last few weeks taking 20 swats over her leggings no longer caused Grace to howl in pain.

Even though her cousins had seen it happen just a few days earlier they were still appalled as a Grace's saturated panties were moved to her face. Her cousins' friends gasped in shock as the wet fabric draped her face. Grace could hear Peyton mumbling to her sisters: "You know that was Mom's idea; thank God none of us have wet our pants or beds! I can only imagine how long she would make us do that!"

Without any additional fanfare, Grace lowered herself into position for her next round with the belt.

SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT SWAT

Grace's butt cheeks burned in pain so much that she could feel nothing else. It wasn't until she heard her cousin Peyton rolling in laughter that Grace realized her bladder hadn't completely emptied when she had rewet her pants. The towel on the floor had a wet spot the size of a dinner plate between her feet. Grace started to sigh, but instead she ended up gagging as she inhaled through the urine soaked cotton that covered her face.

Peyton's friend, Marie, turned to Peyton and asked: "Was this really your mom's idea?"

"Yeah, she is really strict" answered Peyton. "She would never do anything to us that would cause a permanent injury, but we've all had some pretty unpleasant spankings." Peyton asked Marie: "Why do you ask? Are you afraid you're going to wet the bed when you sleep over tonight?"

"I've never wet the bed" answered Marie. "But I have to admit, I've had at least a couple of experiences dribbling in my panties when I laugh."

"Then you better be careful, my mom would totally make you put wet underwear on your face as she spanked you for that!"

"You need to be careful at school as well", Erica told Marie. "I know you girls go to a different school than Grace, but the policies at her school are being implemented throughout the entire District. Unless you have a medical condition, it is a very serious offense to wet your pants. Even a small accident will earn you an incredibly humiliating punishment... and once the school issues you a punishment then your mom has to report for a Maternal Responsibility Act hearing where, undoubtedly, she will face very humiliating sanctions."

"Oh, everyone at our school has heard what happened to Grace and the others" said Marie. "Most of us had no clue about there being a school policy against wetting your pants. The only ones who ever got punished for it were so embarrassed that they never told anyone else. My friend Anna peed her pants during a science test a little while before the Maternal Responsibility Act came in to effect, we all knew she had been sent to the nurse but we knew nothing else.

When everything that happened to Grace and her friends started popping up on the internet a few of us asked Anna about what had happened to her. It was pretty humiliating for her to confess that not only had she been put on toilet restriction, but she hadn't made it more than a few days before having additional accidents. None of us knew that Anna has spent the last few months peeing in a diaper! Last Friday our school posted the list of students who are wearing diapers as discipline for having accidents; now Anna and the other eight hygiene offenders are getting teased all day long. I've been going to the bathroom between every class, instead of just once or twice a day, I'm terrified I'll end up on that list if I giggle at the wrong time!"

"I am sure your mom appreciates your extra diligence with using the restroom" said Erica. "I'm sure she would hate to be referred for a Maternal Responsibility Act sanction."

The witnesses chatted until Grace's 2 hours of display we're nearly over. HISSSSSSS... Grace let out a sob as her bladder defied her yet again. The yellow stain on her towel grew by a few inches in diameter.

Peyton, her sisters, and their friends all laughed at Grace's further embarrassment. As the laughter finally died down, Aunt Julie arrived to take the girls home. Erica saw Peyton whisper in her mom's ear and then look at her friend Marie. As Marie stood up from her chair Erica was relieved to see that Marie's leggings showed no signs of wetness. Thankfully the girl had not giggled her way to a punishment from Julie.

*189*2023-08-12 05:00

"Today was almost tolerable," Grace told Tony. "I have to go, but I will probably make it home. No need to rush me to the gas station!"

"That is great!" As the young couple stepped out of the school Tony gestured toward the girl who was hobbling a few feet ahead of them. "It appears Maria's day has not been so easy," he whispered.

The brunette in front of them was obviously on the verge of saturating her trousers. Maria abruptly stopped in the middle of the sidewalk, the young woman made a small curtsy, then stood rigidly still with her hands pressed firmly between her thighs.

Grace approached Maria and gently touched her shoulder, "Can we help you get to a gas station?"

"I'm not allowed," whined Maria. "It would be worse than wetting my pants. I just need to get across the street and off school property, at least then I will only be punished at home."

"Then we should hurry," answered Grace. As Maria moved her hands from between her legs and took a few tentative steps, Grace saw a tennis ball size stain appear in her friend's crotch. From a few feet back Tony could see a darkening patch of fabric at the base of Maria's butt, he quickly moved behind her to shield the view from any school faculty that may be watching.

After a dozen tense steps Grace had helped Maria to the curb. As they waited for traffic to clear, Tony watched as dark streaks began to extend down the inside of Maria's legs. "Just another 30 seconds" encouraged Grace. "We're almost off school grounds, just 50 more feet!"

When the street was clear Grace pulled her friend across. There was no trying to be subtle; she just had to get Maria across the street before anyone noticed the accident that had started.

As soon as they made it to the other side of the street the floodgates immediately opened and urine poured out of Maria, she sighed in relief as she wet her pants in front of Grace and Tony. When her bladder finished emptying, Maria locked eyes with Grace, "I hate having to piss myself everyday. I hate that my mom has to piss herself every day because of me. I just want this to be done."

"Soon it will be over," replied Grace. "Our toilet restriction is over half done. In less than 2 weeks we can use the bathroom at school again."

"I doubt I'll make it through tomorrow, let alone 2 weeks," said Maria. "As we were being called up to the stage during today's assembly, I kept wishing I were diapered like the rest of them, instead of squirming trying to not pee my pants. I think I'll be relieved when I finally get put in diapers."

"Anyway," continued Maria, "thank you for getting me away from the school today. By tomorrow I'll probably feel like trying again." Maria trudged away to make her walk home in wet shame.

******

At 6:59 PM the lone student offender was led to the side of the stage for the beginning of his mother's hearing under the Maternal Responsibility Act. A large wet stain on the front of Adam Bowman's jeans left no doubt as to why Cassidy Bowman was standing next to Bethany Vargas and Heather Blanc. Erica felt grateful to be a spectator; Grace had been successful at keeping her pants dry all day!

The chair of the PTA Conduct Committee made a comment about how well behaved the student body had been. "Only one hearing today, it is truly a pleasure to see the number of cases dwindling. The Maternal Responsibility Act is surely helping improve student behavior!"

Cassidy Bowman was called forward, "I see you are joining us for a second day in a row" commented the chair. "I had hoped you would have a talk with your son last night to encourage positive behavior."

"Oh, he got talked to!" Cassidy continued, "I told him that if he pissed himself at school, he would get the same punishment as that Blanc girl."

"Today's hygiene violation clearly shows how ineffective your threat of punishment was," replied the chair.

"It was no idle threat," answered Cassidy. "I picked up thumb tacks so his boxers can be pinned to the door, then I set up the webcam so his punishment can be streamed online. I already have a good sturdy belt picked out for the spanking."

Turning to Adam the Chair asked, "The violation report from the principal indicates you wet yourself pretty early in the day, the punishment your mom promised did not seem to matter."

"I am absolutely dreading my punishment at home" replied Adam. "Knowing what my mom is going to do to me almost made me change my mind, but I can't handle the agony of toilet restriction at school. I have seen how the students look at Grace, Jenny, and Maria as they struggle throughout the day. I decided it would be less humiliating to just get my three accidents over with. It's going to suck to be put in diapers after two more days, but at least I won't be the object of all the staring, taunts, teases, and whispers behind my back. I am going to own my punishment. I don't want to hear anybody commenting about how my butt clenches when I'm trying to hold back, or making crass remarks if I have to hold my penis to keep from leaking, or having the girls discuss if holding my pee gives me an erection. I overheard all of those things in just the first hour of the school day! Wetting myself and taking the punishment seems the best way to move on with a little dignity."

Cassidy glared at her son. He had just doomed her to two more sanctions under the Maternal Responsibility Act!

Erica knew that she, Heather, and Bethany had all only been sanctioned two times for their daughters committing hygiene violations; she had often wondered what sanction would be considered severe enough if a third violation occurred. Erica recognized the look of terror on Cassidy's face as Cassidy was left to ponder that very question for the next two days. Erica's mind raced as she contemplated Cassidy's fate, Erica didn't even pay attention as the conduct committee assigned Cassidy the standard first offense sanction.

Erica's focus returned as the Local Amendment 26 inspections began. Bethany's black leggings didn't show any obvious signs of wetness however, her sheepish look and penguin waddle foretold what Mrs Lind would find. Erica was somewhat happy for Bethany when the inspection revealed that she would receive ten swats for only being wet; today Bethany would be spared the added humiliation that came with poor bowel control. Bethany howled through her punishment, but it was over quickly.

As Heather Blanc took her place in front of the committee with her hands on her head, Erica felt her pulse quicken; she longed for Heather to have another embarrassing accident in front of the crowd of spectators. Nothing showed on her light blue leggings, but Erica held out hope that Heather's panties would show a stain.

Mrs Lind began the inspection the way she always did: walking full circle around Heather, getting down on her knee to stare at Heather's crotch, and taking note of the odors emitting from Heather's clothing. "There is no visible staining to the crotch or buttocks and no odor of either urine or feces from the crotch or buttocks" Mrs Lind reported to the Conduct Committee.

The inspection continued as Mrs Lind reached between Heather's legs then walked behind her and patted the bottom of her buttocks. "No dampness was felt between her legs" reported Mrs Lind. "There was no dampness and no soft mass around the area of her buttocks."

The audience saw Heather turn bright red as Mrs Lind pulled down her leggings, revealing her pale green panties. After reaching between her legs, patting Heather's bottom and peeking inside the back of her panties, Mrs Lind gave her final report to the Conduct Committee: "There is no dampness, staining, or soiling in her underwear."

"We are pleased you didn't violate Local Amendment 26" announced the chair. "We'll see you tomorrow."

Erica and the other spectators filed out of the auditorium. Erica pondered how Heather Blanc could make it through the day without even a dribble when she and Bethany Vargas seemed to only be capable of complete wetting.

*196*2023-10-03 05:01

"Miss Campbell, sit still!" Grace attempted to gain some composure as she sat at her desk. Having her health teacher, Mrs Land, call out her need for the restroom caused Grace to blush. It wasn't even lunch time yet and her need was so great that Grace could not stop squirming. Knowing the eyes of her peers were upon her, Grace vowed to be more subtle.

A mere 90 seconds passed before Grace was once again fidgeting. She wrapped her left leg around her right leg, then wrapped her right leg around her left. When that didn't work Grace shuffled in her chair with her thighs clamped together. Next she found herself clapping her upper legs together. Grace panicked as she felt a hot spurt escape into her panties, all she could do was shove her left hand between her legs to try physically blocking the flow.

The throbbing of her bladder was joined by a wave of nausea as Grace came to the realization that she was about to become a three time Hygiene Violator. A quick glance around the room confirmed her fear, everyone was watching!

Mrs Land recognized that the class was focused on Grace instead of the lesson. The health teacher paused her lesson; "Grace you have become a distraction, I need you to step to the front of the classroom."

Slowly Grace rose from her seat and began the humiliating trek to the front of the classroom. Each step was physically painful as she tried to hold back the yellow liquid that her bladder was trying to evict. Miraculously she made it to the front of the classroom without any additional loss of control.

"The sooner you get it over with, the sooner I can send you to the office" said Mrs Land. "I know this is embarrassing but dragging it on will just make it worse."

Grace hated that her teacher was right, there was no rational point in physically hurting herself just to delay her accident for another few minutes. Realizing that wet pants were inevitable did not make it any less humiliating, she just couldn't bring herself to do it. Grace wiggled and bounced up and down as she begged her teacher, "Not here, not in front of the class! Don't make me do it in front of them! Please?"

"I realize the consequences you are facing are quite unpleasant, but I can't have you disrupting an entire hour of learning. It's going to happen anyway, please just get it over with so your classmates can get back to the lesson."

Grace shook her head and pleaded with her teacher, "Can't you send me to the hall so they're not watching? Why do I have to stand up here? This is so humiliating!" Grace found herself doubled over with both hands clamped firmly between her thighs.

The health teacher showed no empathy. "There is no point in being discreet, the entire school will soon be assembled to watch the punishment that you are clearly about to earn. If you didn't want them to watch you wet your pants, you shouldn't have come to class with a full bladder."

"But I'm on restriction! I don't want to come to class with a full bladder, I learned my lesson after the first time I peed my pants. It's not fair. Please don't…" Grace couldn't finish her plea; the hot pressure entering her underwear overwhelmed her.

Her classmates watched as the legs of Grace's jeans became immediately soaked. The urine started at her crotch and quickly flowed down the inside of each leg until the denim could hold no more. The waterfall from between her legs combined with an outpouring from the bottom of her pants to form a large pool on the tile floor around her. Grace's face burned in shame as her classmates once again took photos and videos of her hygiene failure.

After an eternity of being displayed in front of the class Grace finally looked out into the classroom. Her peers were smiling and grinning, clearly entertained by watching the young woman humiliate herself. She again saw several boys fidgeting in their seats as they attempted to hide the arousal caused by Grace's show.

Mrs Land called on the one girl in the middle of the classroom whose face displayed a grin, but her eyes showed a twinge of fear. "Michelle, I need someone to escort Grace to the office. I believe it would be very appropriate for you to do the honors. After Grace has been turned over to the nurse, please stop at the custodian's office to request some assistance with Grace's puddle."

Michelle Larkin stepped to the front of the room and motioned for Grace to follow her to the door. As they passed the teacher's desk, Mrs Land handed Michelle the discipline referral that had been filled out for Grace. "Everyone knows you are on toilet restriction, Michelle. As you take Grace, I want you to think about what it will feel like when you are the one being escorted to the nurse."

The two young women walked in silence until they stopped outside of the nurse's door. "How... how… um… how bad is it?" stammered Michelle.

"It's horrible!" snapped Grace. "It is painful while you try to hold it, your pants feel gross when it's over, it's absolutely degrading to have everyone watch you lose control, and it's demeaning to have your shame and punishment shared with the whole world."

"I'm sorry," mumbled Michelle as she opened the door. Michelle didn't stick around once the referral slip was handed to the nurse. As Michelle ran off to find the custodian, Grace found herself wondering if Michelle was trying to apologize or was merely thinking out loud that she was sorry for herself.

****************************

The students were assembled in the auditorium as Grace stood in the center of the stage. She blushed in embarrassment as the principal began the punishment assembly by announcing her third accident to the assembled teenagers (although her soaking wet jeans were all the announcement that was really needed). He briefly recapped her prior accidents before calling forward the other hygiene violators; they too blushed in embarrassment as their bathroom misdeeds were read aloud so their peers would be reminded of their shameful acts.

Grace could see Michelle Larkin sitting in the second row. Michelle was fidgeting as she watched the assembly, Grace found herself hoping that Michelle would find her way to the same stage later that day. Grace, along with all the other students, we're aware of Adam Bowman's decision regarding his toilet restriction. She felt some compassion for Adam and hoped that later in the day when it would be his turn for punishment that the students would be somewhat forgiving. Grace felt that Adams' acknowledgment was a step in the right direction; she hoped the rest of her classmates would be willing to give him a second chance.

The principal pulled out his paddle and directed Grace to turn her buttocks toward the audience and grab her ankles.

Whack... whack... whack... whack… whack... whack... whack… whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack… whack... whack... whack... whack... whack... whack… whack... whack... whack... whack... whack!

The searing heat on her behind made Grace wince. She was proud of the fact that she was able to tolerate two dozen swats without crying out in pain; the numerous spankings she had gotten over the last few weeks had certainly toughened her up!

With the paddling complete the principal directed her to once again face the packed auditorium. "As you all are aware, a third hygiene violation requires that the offending student be placed in diapers. Grace will be left in her wet pants for the remainder of the day as part of her punishment, as well as be an example for others. Beginning tomorrow Grace will, like the others standing behind her, wear a diaper at all times while on school property. She's not allowed to use a toilet, she may only use the provided diaper. She will have her diaper changed everyday at lunch time and will have it checked every day as she leaves the campus; if she is able to keep her diaper clean and dry for one full month she will once again be allowed limited toilet access. None of the students who have been disciplined with diapers have ever made it a full month without wetting or soiling themselves, it is likely Grace will remain diapered until she graduates."

***********************************

Erica re-read the notice of her Maternal Responsibility Act hearing before the PTA Conduct Committee. It was identical to the two prior notices she had received after Grace's prior wettings. Just as before, there were no details. No way to know the circumstances of her daughter's accident. Erica wished she was still performing community service to the school, then she would at least hear the rumors and be allowed to stand at the back of the auditorium.

When 7pm finally arrived, Erica found herself standing before a packed audience, anxiously waiting to see what misfortunes would fall to the women standing on the stage. The docket was short, only Erica and Cassidy Bowman had hearings before the committee. Bethany Vargas, Heather Blanc, Casidy Bowman, and Sofie Larkin all faced Local Amendment 26 inspections; as usual, Bethany was obviously in violation of the amendment.

Adam Bowman and Grace were led in, both students walking wide legged as they struggled unsuccessfully to keep their wet pants from clinging to their legs. As Grace walked in, Erica was relieved to see there was no lump or brown stain around her daughter's buttocks. Even though it was a third violation, Erica's sanctions would not be doubled for a bowel control accident.

A quiet whimper redirected Eric's attention to Cassidy Bowman. It had been the chunky mother's first day of community service; the squirms that accompanied her whimper were evidence that Local Amendment 26 was a struggle for her as well. Erica watched as Cassidy squeezed her thighs and did a little curtsy. Cassidy turned slightly as she stood back up, as she did Erica could see the clenching butt cheeks in the other woman's tight leggings. A sympathetic nod from Bethany Vargas went unnoticed by Cassidy, she was too focused on maintaining her own control to be aware of anything around her.

The Committee Chair called Erica forward. "A third violation, what a shame! I had been hopeful the discipline you had been imposing at home would have taught your daughter a lesson, unfortunately the wet jeans clinging to your daughter's legs are evidence to the contrary. There is no precedent for the sanctions you will face under the Maternal Responsibility Act for having a child commit three hygiene violations, I believe we should start with some input from your daughter."

Grace addressed the committee, "It's not her fault. I am the one who keeps peeing in my pants, the punishments should be mine alone. My mom has done everything that is expected of her since her first appearance before this committee; she has disciplined me, she has made me reflect on what led up to each of my accidents, and when appropriate she has subjected herself to discipline and reflection as a way to set an example for me. She has been open about the circumstances and discipline she and I have been enduring; many students and mothers have been educated about the importance of bladder control and the consequences that come from wetting.

"My failure today has nothing to do with my mom's lack of trying," continued Grace. She has done everything in her power to teach me a lesson, it's not her fault that I was incapable of holding my bladder today. She doesn't deserve any sanctions, what she deserves is praise for dealing with my wetting issues the last few weeks."

Turning to Erica, the chair asked, "Do you agree with your daughter?"

"I am grateful that Grace feels I have taught her a lesson; I just wish I would have taught it to her sooner. I'm certainly not happy about the sanctions I am likely to receive but I understand the importance of making an example of me."

The chair opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted as Cassidy Bowman uttered, "Oh God!" A strong hissing noise accompanied the rapid darkening of Cassidy's leggings as urine poured down her legs. A foul odor combined with a crackling noise led Cassidy to further humiliation as she defecated in her pants. There must have been over 200 people in the audience, all of whom were initially speechless. Within moments the silence was broken by numerous bouts of giggling as the assembled audience took delight in watching Cassidy Bowman publicly violate Local Amendment 26 in the most disgusting manner.

"Ms Bowman! Have you no decorum?" scolded the Committee Chair. "As soon as we finish with Ms Campbell we will see to you."

Turning back to Erica, "The Conduct Committee is aware of the numerous steps you have taken to address proper hygiene for your daughter at school as well as at home. You have made yourself and your household an example of the proper functioning of the Maternal Responsibility Act. Despite the progress you have made, you are still responsible for your daughter's behavior. The committee has decided to implement a standard sanction of 100 swats corporal punishment spread out over two Saturday sessions as well as 100 hours of community service to the school."

Erica and Grace were dismissed back to their places at the sides of the stage. As Cassidy Bowman was called forward Erica could see the brown stain where her leggings sagged under the weight of her bowel movement. The stench as Cassidy waddled past caused Erica to involuntarily crinkle her nose.

The Chair of the PTA Conduct Committee slowly shook her head as Cassidy stood before the committee. "We had hoped you would convince your son to maintain his hygiene at school today, it appears you are not successful." Turning to Adam, "What did your mom do to try and convince you of the importance of proper hygiene?"

"There was really nothing said," answered Adam. "I mean, she punished me, but other than that there was nothing."

The chair looked at Cassidy to elaborate. "There didn't seem to be much to talk about, I had already told him what the punishment would be if he wet his pants. He wet them anyway, so I went straight to the punishment. I expect tonight will be much the same."

"What about setting an example?" asked the chair. "Will an example be made of you when you get home today?"

Adam smirked while his mother stammered as she tried to come up with an acceptable answer. "Um… ah… I guess, um… I'm not sure I need to be punished. I only had an accident because I wasn't allowed the bathroom."

"Isn't that also what contributed to your son's hygiene violation?" prompted the committee chair. "What kind of an example are you setting if he gets punished at home and you don't?"

Cassidy bit her lower lip and shrugged. She knew the only answer that would appease the Conduct Committee was not something she was willing to suggest.

"The committee deems you responsible under the terms of the Maternal Responsibility Act," announced the chair. "Your sanctions include 50 swats of corporal punishment and 40 hours of community service to the school. Since you already have corporal punishment this Saturday, the corporal punishment from today's incident will be administered the following Saturday."

Cassidy joined the other mothers to wait for her Local Amendment 26 inspection; Erica stifled a slight gag as the odor from Cassidy's pants overwhelmed her nostrils. Erica knew she would likely have several wet inspections in her future, she prayed there would never be a day that she would be caught in poopy pants.

Bethany Vargas was called forward for her inspection. Upon taking up her position Mrs Lind immediately began the formality of Bethany's inspection. "There's a strong smell of urine coming from her pants and there are visible stains soaking her crotch, thighs, calves and buttocks, even her shoes appear wet."

The inspector placed her hand between Bethany's thighs and then reached behind and patted the seat of her pants. "There is a distinct feeling of wetness to her pants, there is no lump or mass near her buttocks."

Mrs Lind pulled Bethany's pants down to her ankles. "Her panties have distinct urine staining to the crotch, there appears to be no fecal matter in the back of her underwear."

Bethany had failed enough inspections to know what was coming next, she bent over and held her ankles tightly as she waited for her punishment.

Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack!

When the punishment was over Bethany stood up and pulled up her wet pants before returning to the side of the stage.

Cassidy Bowman was called next, she did not have the same experience as Bethany and had to be given instructions every step of the way.

"Place your feet shoulder width apart, place your hands behind your head interlocking your fingers," instructed Mrs Lind. The inspector slowly walked around Cassidy, who was hyperventilating with anxiety. "The external visual inspection reveals wet staining to her crotch, thighs, calves and buttocks. There are visible brown stains over her buttocks. There's a strong odor of urine and an overwhelming order of fecal matter coming from her leggings."

Cassidy gasped as Mrs Lind placed her hand between her thighs and next patented her rear end. "The external physical exam reveals wetness to her thighs and a squishy mass over her buttocks."

Tears dripped from her face when Mrs Lind abruptly pulled Cassidy's leggings down to her ankles. Her face blushed with shame as the audience was given a view of the rear of her formerly white panties. "The internal visual inspection reveals urine staining the crotch of her underpants. There is a significant amount of fecal matter oozing out of her underpants and sticking to her buttocks and thighs."

Cassidy trembled as the chair announced her consequences. "Ms Bowman, you have failed to meet the requirements for proper hygiene and behavior while under sanction as required by Local Amendment 26 to the Maternal Responsibility Act. The standard penalty is 10 swats of corporal punishment for lack of bladder control. Your loss of bowel control is deemed more significant, as a result you are to be penalized with 20 strokes of corporal punishment. This penalty will be carried out immediately."

Mrs Lind instructed Cassidy to bend over and grab her ankles.

Smack... Smack... Smack... "Owww!"...Smack... Smack... Nooo!... Smack... Smack... Smack... "Oh God!"... Smack... Smack… "I'm sorry!"... Smack... Smack... "I'll hold it next time!"... Smack... Smack... Smack.. Smack... "Please, no more!"... Smack... Smack... Smack... Smack!

Mrs Lind directed Cassidy to stand up and once again place her hands behind her head. Cassidy continued to sob as Mrs Lind pulled up her wet and soiled leggings before sending her to rejoin the other mothers.

The next mother due for inspection was Heather Blanc. As always Erica was hoping to see her nemesis humiliated before the crowd. Erica was disappointed when Mrs Lind announced there was no staining, wetness, or odor coming from Heather's slacks. Once again Erica was dismayed by Heather's ability to control her bodily functions.

Last was Sophie Larkin. Erica could see that Sophie was trying to put on a brave face as Mrs Lind got down on one knee to stare at the crotch of Sophie's yoga pants. As the external visual inspection ended and the external physical inspection began, Sophie began to breathe heavily. The humiliation of having her pants pulled down for the internal visual inspection was just too much, Sophie broke down in tears as her pale green panties were displayed to the crowd. Sophie took no comfort in the fact that she passed her inspection, she was mortified at the indignity of being publicly stripped of her pants.

While relieved that she did not need to be inspected today, Erica walked out of the hearing dreading the inspections in her future. She reflected on the overwhelming humiliation Cassidy had experienced by soiling herself at the hearing, Erica prayed she would be spared that indignity over the next few weeks.

